<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161107_10-Q_edgar_data_701853_0000701853-16-000034_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>27857532</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>226782</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>622834</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>10115100</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>10762179</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4021347</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>97</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000701853-16-000034.hdr.sgml : 20161107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161107113616
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000701853-16-000034
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		87
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BANCORPSOUTH INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000701853
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				640659571
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MS
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-12991
		FILM NUMBER:		161977058

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE MISSISSIPPI PL
		CITY:			TUPELO
		STATE:			MS
		ZIP:			38804
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6626802000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		PO BOX 789
		CITY:			TUPELO
		STATE:			MS
		ZIP:			38802-0789

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BANCORP OF MISSISSIPPI INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000701853-16-000034.txt : 20161107

10-Q
 1
 c853-20160930x10q.htm
 10-Q

bxs-20160930 Q3_Taxonomy2015

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C.  20549 

________________________________________ 

FORM 10-Q 

(Mark One) 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

For the quarterly period ended   September 30  ,    2016 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

For the transition period from ________________    to    ________________ 

Commission File Number  :        001  -12991 

BANCORPSOUTH, INC. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Mississippi  

64-0659571  

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)  

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)  

One Mississippi Plaza, 201 South Spring Street  
					 
						 Tupelo, Mississippi  

38804  

(Address of principal executive offices)  

(Zip Code)  

Registrant's telephone number, including area code:    (662) 680-2000 

NOT APPLICABLE 

(Former name, former address, and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant:  (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.      

Yes  [  X  ]     No   [  ] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T   ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period   that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  [X] Yes [  ] No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company.  See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  (Check One):  Large accelerated filer [X]  Accelerated filer [  ]  Non-accelerated filer (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) [  ]  Smaller reporting company [  ] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes [  ] No [  X]                

As of     October 31  , 2016  , the   registrant had   outstanding   93,652,099   shares   of   common   stock, par value $2.50 per share. 

BANCORPSOUTH, INC. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I.  

Financial Information  

Page  

ITEM 1.  

Financial Statements  

Consolidated Balance Sheets  
					 
						       September 30  , 2016 and 2015 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2015  
				 
				 3 

Consolidated Statements of Income (Unaudited)  

Three Months and   Nine months ended     September 30  , 2016 and 2015  
				 
				 4 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Unaudited)  

Three Months and   Nine months ended     September 30  , 2016 and 2015  
				 
				 5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited)  

Nine months ended     September 30  , 2016 and 2015  
				 
				 6 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)  
				 
				 8 

ITEM 2.  

Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial  

Condition and Results of Operations  
				 
				 43 

ITEM 3.  

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
				 
				 79 

ITEM 4.  

Controls and Procedures  
				 
				 79 

PART II.  

Other Information  

ITEM 1.  

Legal Proceedings  
				 
				 79 

ITEM 1A.  

Risk Factors  
				 
				 81 

ITEM 2.  

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
				 
				 81 

ITEM 5.  

Other Information  
				 
				 81 

ITEM 6.  

Exhibits  

8  2  

2   

PART I. 

FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. 

(1)  Derived from audited   consolidated   financial statements. 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

3   

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

4   

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

5   

6   

BANCORPSOUTH, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows   

(Unaudited)  

7   

Notes to Consolidated   Financial Statements 

(Unaudited) 

NOTE 1   BASIS OF FINANCIAL STATEMENT PRESENTATION AND PRINCIPLES OF CONSOLIDATION   

The accompanying unaudited interim consolidated financial statements of BancorpSouth, Inc. (the  Company ) have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( U.S. GAAP ) and follow general practices within the industries in which the Company operates.  For further information, refer to the audited consolidated financial statements and notes included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.  In the opinion of management, all adjustments necessary for a fair presentation of the consolidated financial statements have been included and all such adjustments were of a normal, recurring nature.  The results of operations for the three-month and   nine-month   periods ended   September 30  , 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the full year.  Certain 2015 amounts have been reclassified to conform with the 2016 presentation.   

The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company, its wholly-owned subsidiaries, BancorpSouth Bank (the  Bank ) and Gumtree Wholesale Insurance Brokers, Inc., and the Bank s wholly-owned subsidiaries, BancorpSouth Insurance Services, Inc., BancorpSouth Municipal Development Corporation and BancorpSouth Bank Securities Corporation.   

NOTE 2   LOANS AND LEASES 

The Company s loan and lease portfolio is disaggregated into the following segments:  commercial and industrial; real estate; credit card; and all other.  The real estate segment is further disaggregated into the following classes:  consumer mortgages; home equity; agricultural; commercial and industrial-owner occupied; construction, acquisition and development; and commercial real estate.  A summary of gross loans and leases by segment and class as of the dates indicated follows:  

8   

The following table shows the Company s loans and leases, net of unearned income, as of September 30, 2016 by segment, class and geographical location: 

There are no other loan and lease concentrations which exceed   10%   of total loans and leases not already reflected in the preceding tables.  A substantial portion of construction, acquisition and development loans are secured by real estate in markets in which the Company is located.  The Company s loan policy generally prohibits the use of interest reserves.  Certain of the construction, acquisition and development loans were structured with interest-only terms.  A portion of the consumer mortgage and commercial real estate portfolios were originated through the permanent financing of construction, acquisition and development loans.  Future economic distress could negatively impact borrowers  and guarantors  ability to repay their debt which would make more of the Company s loans collateral dependent. 

The following tables provide details regarding the aging of the Company s loan and lease portfolio, net of unearned income, by segment and class at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

9   

The Company utilizes an internal loan classification system to grade loans according to certain credit quality indicators.  These credit quality indicators include, but are not limited to, recent credit performance, delinquency, liquidity, cash flows, debt coverage ratios, collateral type and loan-to-value ratio.  The Company s internal loan classification system is compatible with classifications used by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, as well as other regulatory agencies.  Loans may be classified as follows: 

Pass:  Loans which are performing as agreed with few or no signs of weakness.  These loans show sufficient cash flow, capital and collateral to repay the loan as agreed.   

Special Mention:  Loans where potential weaknesses have developed which could cause a more serious problem if not corrected. 

10   

Substandard:  Loans where well-defined weaknesses exist that require corrective action to prevent further deterioration.  Loans are further characterized by the possibility that the Company will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected. 

Doubtful:  Loans having all the characteristics of Substandard and which have deteriorated to a point where collection and liquidation in full is highly questionable. 

Loss:  Loans that are considered uncollectible or with limited possible recovery. 

Impaired:  Loans for which it is probable that the Company will be unable to collect all amounts due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement and for which a specific impairment reserve has been considered. 

The following tables provide details of the Company s loan and lease portfolio, net of unearned income, by segment, class and internally assigned grade at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

(1)   Impaired loans are shown exclusive of accruing troubled debt restructurings ( TDRs ) and $2.2 million of non-accruing TDRs. 

11   

(1)   Impaired loans are shown exclusive of accruing TDRs     and $2.6 mill  ion of non-accruing TDRs. 

12   

The following tables provide details regarding impaired loans and leases, net of unearned income, which exclude accruing TDRs by segment and class as of and for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and as of and for the year ended December 31, 2015: 

(1) 

Excludes $2.2 million of non-accruing TDRs.     

13   

(1) 

Excludes $2.6 million of non-accruing TDRs.     

The following tables provide details regarding impaired loans and leases, net of unearned income, which include accruing TDRs, by segment and class as of and for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and as of and for the year ended December 31, 2015: 

14   

15   

Loans considered impaired under Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) Topic 310, Receivables ( FASB ASC 310 ), are loans greater than $500,000 for which, based on current information and events, it is probable that the Company will be unable to collect all amounts due according  

16   

to the contractual terms of the loan agreement and all loans restructured in a TDR.  The Company s recorded investment in loans considered impaired exclusive of accruing TDRs at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 was $39.1 million and $51.4 million, respectively.  At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, $13.2 million and $15.0 million, respectively, of those impaired loans had a valuation allowance of $3.7 million and $2.4 million, respectively.  The remaining balance of impaired loans of $25.9 million and $36.4 million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, have sufficient collateral supporting the collection of all outstanding principle or were charged down to fair value, less estimated selling costs. Therefore, such loans did not have an associated valuation allowance.  Impaired loans that were characterized as non-accruing TDRs totaled   $11.4   million and   $15.1   million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.   

Non-performing loans and leases ( NPLs ) consist of non-accrual loans and leases, loans and leases 90 days or more past due and still accruing, and loans and leases that have been restructured (primarily in the form of reduced interest rates and modified payment terms) because of the borrower s weakened financial condition or bankruptcy proceedings.  The following table presents information concerning NPLs as of the dates indicated: 

The Bank s policy for all loan classifications provides that loans and leases are generally placed in non-accrual status if, in management s opinion, payment in full of principal or interest is not expected or payment of principal or interest is more than   90   days past due, unless such loan or lease is both well-secured and in the process of collection.  At September 30, 2016, the Company s geographic NPL distribution was concentrated primarily in its Arkansas, Louisiana and Mississippi markets.  The following table presents the Company s nonaccrual loans and leases by segment and class as of the dates indicated: 

In the normal course of business, management will sometimes grant concessions, which would not otherwise be considered, to borrowers that are experiencing financial difficulty.  Loans identified as meeting the criteria set out in FASB ASC 310 are identified as TDRs.  The concessions granted most frequently for TDRs involve reductions or delays in required payments of principal and interest for a specified period, the rescheduling of payments in accordance with a bankruptcy plan.  In most cases, the conditions of the credit also warrant nonaccrual status, even after the restructure occurs.  Other conditions that warrant a loan being considered a TDR include reductions in interest rates to below market rates due to bankruptcy plans or by the bank in an attempt to assist the borrower in working through liquidity problems.  As part of the credit approval process, the restructured loans are evaluated for adequate collateral  

17   

protection in determining the appropriate accrual status at the time of restructure.  TDRs recorded as nonaccrual loans may generally be returned to accrual status in years after the restructure if there has been at least a six-month period of sustained repayment performance by the borrower in accordance with the terms of the restructured loan.  During the third quarter of 2016, the most common concessions that were granted involved rescheduling payments of principal and interest over a longer amortization period, granting a period of reduced principal payment or interest only payment for a limited time period, or the rescheduling of payments in accordance with a bankruptcy plan or a reduction in interest rates. 

The following tables summarize the financial effect of TDRs recorded during the periods indicated: 

18   

The tables below summarize TDRs within the previous 12 months for which there was a payment default during the period indicated (i.e., 30 days or more past due at any given time during the period indicated). 

19   

NOTE 3   ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES 

The following tables summarize the changes in the allowance for credit losses by segment and class for the periods indicated: 

20   

The following tables provide the allowance for credit losses by segment, class and impairment status as of the dates indicated:  : 

21   

(1) 

Impaired loans are shown exclusive of accruing TDRs and $2.2 million of non-accruing TDRs      

(1)   Impaired loans are shown exclusive of accruing TDRs   and $2.6 million   of   non-accruing TDRs  

Management evaluates impaired loans individually in determining the allowance for impaired loans.  As a result of the Company individually evaluating loans of   $500,000   or greater   for impairment, further review of remaining loans collectively, as well as the corresponding potential allowance, would be immaterial in the opinion of management. 

22   

NOTE 4   OTHER REAL ESTATE OWNED 

The following table presents the activity in other real estate owned ( OREO ) for the periods indicated: 

The following tables present the OREO by segment and class as of the dates indicated:  

The Company incurred total foreclosed property expenses of   approximately   $  859,000   and $  808,000   for the three months ended   September 30  , 2016 and 2015, respectively.  Realized net losses on dispositions and holding losses on valuations of these properties, a component of total foreclosed property expenses, were approximately   $  525  ,000   and   $  321,000   for the three months ended   September 30  , 2016 and 2015, respectively.   The Company incurred total foreclosed property expenses of $  3.3   million and $  4.4   million for the   nine months ended     September 30  , 2016 and 2015, respectively.  Realized net losses on dispositions and holding losses on valuations of these properties, a component of total foreclosed property expenses, were $  2.3   million and $  3.0   million for the   nine months ended     September 30  , 2016 and 2015, respectively.    

NOTE 5   SECURITIES 

A comparison of amortized cost and estimated fair values of available-for-sale securities as of   September 30  , 2016 and 2015, respectively, and December 31, 2015 follows: 

23   

Gross gains of approximately   $8  9  ,000   and   no   gross losses were recognized on available-for-sale securities during the   first nine months   of 2016, while gross gains of approximately   $  88  ,000   and   no   gross losses were recognized during the   first nine months   of 2015. 

The amortized cost and estimated fair value of available-for-sale securities at   September 30  , 2016 by contractual maturity are shown below.  Actual maturities may differ from contractual maturities because borrowers may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment penalties.  Equity securities are considered as maturing after ten years.  

24   

The following tables summarize information pertaining to temporarily impaired available-for-sale securities with continuous unrealized loss positions at   September 30  , 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

Based upon a review of the credit quality of these securities, and considering that the issuers were in compliance with the terms of the securities, management ha  s   no intent to sell these securities   until the full recovery of unrealized losses which may be until maturity  , and it was more likely than not that the Company would not be required  

25   

to sell the securities prior to recovery of costs. Therefore, the impairments related to these securities were determined to be temporary.    No   other-than-temporary impairment was recorded during the   first nine months   of 2016   or 2015  . 

NOTE 6   PER SHARE DATA 

Basic earnings per share ( EPS ) are calculated using the two-class method.  The two-class method provides that unvested share-based payment awards that contain nonforfeitable rights to dividends or dividend equivalents (whether paid or unpaid) are participating securities and shall be included in the computation of basic EPS.  Diluted EPS is computed using the weighted-average number of shares determined for the basic EPS computation plus the shares resulting from the assumed exercise of   all outstanding share-based awards using the treasury stock method.  Weighted-average antidilutive stock options to purchase approximately   32,400   and   45,000   shares of Company common stock with a weighted average exercise price of   $24.  47   and   $24.7  1   per share for the three months and   nine months ended     September 30  , 2016 were excluded from diluted shares.    There were no antidilutive other equity awards for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2016.   Weighted-average antidilutive stock options to purchase approximately   32,400   of Company common stock with a weighted average exercise price   of   $25.31   per share for both the three months and   nine months ended     September 30  , 2015 were excluded from diluted shares.   There were no antidilutive other equity awards for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2015  . The following table provides a reconciliation of the numerators and denominators of the basic and diluted earnings per share computations for the periods shown: 

26   

NOTE 7   COMPREHENSIVE INCOME    

The following tables present the components of other comprehensive (loss) income and the related tax effects allocated to each component for the periods indicated: 

(1)  Reclassification adjustments for net gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities are reported as net security gains on the consolidated statements of income. 

(2)  Recognized employee benefit plan net periodic benefit cost include recognized prior service cost and recognized net loss.  For more information, see Note 9 - Pension Benefits. 

27   

(1)  Reclassification adjustments for net gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities are reported as net security gains on the consolidated statements of income. 

(2)  Recognized employee benefit plan net periodic benefit cost include recognized prior service cost and recognized net loss.  For more information, see Note 9 - Pension Benefits. 

NOTE 8   GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS 

The carrying amounts of goodwill by operating segment for the   nine months ended     September 30  , 2016 were as follows: 

The goodwill recorded in the Company s Insurance Agencies reporting segment during the   first nine months   of 2016 was related to an insurance agency acquired during the second quarter of 2016. 

The Company s policy is to assess goodwill for impairment at the reporting segment level on an annual basis or sooner if an event occurs or circumstances change which indicate that the fair value of a reporting segment is below its carrying amount.  Impairment is the condition that exists when the carrying amount of goodwill exceeds its implied fair value.  Accounting standards require management to estimate the fair value of each reporting segment in assessing impairment at least annually.  The Company s annual assessment date is during the Company s fourth quarter.  No events occurred during the   first nine months   of 2016 that indicated the necessity of an earlier goodwill impairment assessment.     

In the current economic environment, forecasting cash flows, credit losses and growth in addition to valuing the Company s assets with any degree of assurance is very difficult and subject to significant changes over very short periods of time.  Management will continue to update its analysis as circumstances change.  As market conditions continue to be volatile and unpredictable, impairment of goodwill related to the Company s reporting segments may be necessary in future periods. 

The following tables present information regarding the components of the Company s identifiable intangible assets for the dates and periods indicated:   

28   

During the   first nine months  , customer relationship intangibles of $1.7 million with an amortization period of ten years was recorded as a result of the insurance agency acquisition.  Also during the   first nine months  , non-solicitation intangibles of approximately $350,000 with an amortization period of 3.5 years was recorded as a result of the insurance agency acquisition. 

The following table presents information regarding estimated amortization expense on the Company s amortizable identifiable intangible assets for the year ending December 31, 2016 and the succeeding four years: 

29   

NOTE 9   PENSION BENEFITS 

The following table presents the components of net periodic benefit costs for the periods indicated: 

NOTE 10   RECENT PRONOUNCEMENTS 

In September 2014, the FASB issued an ASU regarding accounting for revenue from contracts with customers. This ASU implements a common revenue standard that clarifies the principles for recognizing revenue. The core principle of ASU 2014-09 is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. To achieve that core principle, an entity should apply the following steps: (i)identify the contract(s)with a customer, (ii)identify the performance obligations in the contract, (iii)determine the transaction price, (iv)allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract and (v) recognize revenue when (or as)the entity satisfies a performance obligation. ASU 2014-09 was originally going to be effective on January 1, 2017; however, the FASB issued   ASU 2015-14,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) Deferral of the Effective Date"   which deferred the effective date of ASU 2014-09 by one year to January 1, 2018. The Company is currently evaluating the potential impact of ASU 2014-09 on the financial statements. 

In December 2014, the FASB issued an ASU regarding accounting for share-based payments.  This ASU requires entities to apply existing guidance in Topic 718 to any performance target that affects vesting and that could be achieved after the requisite service period to be treated as a performance condition. As such, the performance target should not be reflected in estimating the grant-date fair value of the award. The amendments in this update are effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2015.  This ASU   did   not   have a material impact on the financial position and results of operations of the Company. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued an ASU regarding accounting for leases. ASU 2016-02 requires all leases, except short-term leases, to be recognized on the lessee s balance sheet at commencement date as a lease liability for the obligation of lease payments and a right-of-use asset for the right to use/control a specified asset for the lease term. This ASU is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018.  This ASU is not expected to have a material impact on the financial position and results of operations of the Company. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued an ASU regarding stock compensation and improvements to employee share-based payment accounting.  This ASU changes five aspects of the accounting for share-based payment award transactions including 1) accounting for income taxes; 2) classification of excess tax benefits on the statement of cash flows; 3) forfeitures; 4) minimum statutory tax withholding requirements; 5) classification of employee taxes paid on the statement of cash flows when an employer withholds shares for tax-withholding purposes.  This ASU is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016.    This ASU     will not   have a material impact on the financial position and results of operations of the Company. 

In June 2016, the FASB issued an ASU regarding credit losses on financial instruments.  This ASU will provide financial statement users with more information regarding the expected credit losses on financial instruments and other commitments to extend credit at each reporting date rather than the incurred loss impairment method. This ASU is effective for interim and annual periods after December 15, 2019. The Company is currently evaluating the potential impact of this ASU on the financial statements. 

In August 2016, the FASB issued an ASU regarding how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows.  The update addresses eight specific cash flow items whose objective is to reduce existing diversity in practice.  This ASU is effective for interim and annual periods after  

30   

December 15, 2017.    The adoption of this ASU   is not expected to have a material impact on the financial position   and results of operations   of the Company. 

NOTE 11 - SEGMENT REPORTING 

The Company is a financial holding company with subsidiaries engaged in the business of banking and activities closely related to banking.  The Company determines reportable segments based upon the services offered, the significance of those services to the Company s financial condition and operating results and management s regular review of the operating results of those services.  The Company s primary segment is Community Banking, which includes providing a full range of deposit products, commercial loans and consumer loans.  The Company has also designated two additional reportable segments -- Insurance Agencies and General Corporate and Other.  The Company s insurance agencies serve as agents in the sale of commercial lines of insurance and full lines of property and casualty, life, health and employee benefits products and services.  The General Corporate and Other operating segment includes mortgage   bank  ing, trust services, credit card activities, investment services and other activities not allocated to the Community Banking or Insurance Agencies operating segments.   

Results of operations and selected financial information by operating segment for the three-month and   nine-month   periods ended   September 30  , 2016 and 2015 were as follows: 

31   

The change in income for the   General, Corporate and Other   division for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same periods in 2015 is mainly due to a change in mortgage banking revenue. 

NOTE 12   MORTGAGE SERVICING RIGHTS 

Mortgage servicing rights ( MSRs ), which are recognized as a separate asset on the date the corresponding mortgage loan is sold   on a servicing retained basis  , are recorded at fair value as determined at each accounting period end.  An estimate of the fair value of the Company s MSRs is determined utilizing assumptions about factors such as mortgage interest rates, discount rates, mortgage loan prepayment speeds, market trends and industry demand.  Data and assumptions used in the fair value calculation related to MSRs as of the dates indicated were as follows:  

32   

Because the valuation is determined by using discounted cash flow models, the primary risk inherent in valuing the MSRs is the impact of fluctuating interest rates on the estimated life of the servicing revenue stream.  The use of different estimates or assumptions could also produce different fair values  .  As of   September 30, 2016, the Company had a hedge in place designed to cover approximately 3% of the MSR.  The Company   is susceptible to fluctuations in their value of its MSRs in changing interest rate environments. 

The Company has only one class of mortgage servicing asset comprised of closed end loans for one-to-four family residences, secured by first liens.  The following table presents the activity in this class for the periods indicated: 

All of the changes to the fair value of the MSRs are recorded as part of mortgage banking noninterest revenue on the   consolidated statements of income  .  As part of mortgage banking noninterest revenue, the Company recorded contractual servicing fees of   $4.  3   million and   $4.0   million and late and other ancillary fees of approximately   $  243  ,000   and   $3  20  ,000   for the three months ended   September 30  , 2016 and 2015, respectively.  The Company recorded contractual servicing fees of   $  12.6   million and   $  11.9   million and late and other ancillary fees of   $1.  5   million and approximately   $  98  2,000   for the   nine months ended     September 30  , 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

NOTE 13   DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS AND OFFSETTING ASSETS AND LIABILITIES 

The derivatives held by the Company include commitments to fund fixed-rate mortgage loans to customers and forward commitments to sell individual fixed-rate mortgage loans.  The Company s objective in obtaining the forward commitments is to mitigate the interest rate risk associated with the commitments to fund the fixed-rate mortgage loans.  Both the commitments to fund fixed-rate mortgage loans and the forward commitments to sell individual fixed-rate mortgage loans are reported at fair value, with adjustments being recorded in current period earnings, and are not accounted for as hedges.  At   September 30  , 2016, the notional amount of forward commitments to sell individual fixed-rate mortgage loans was   $  264.3   million with a carrying value and fair value reflecting a loss of   $  1.1   million.  At   September 30  , 2015, the notional amount of forward commitments to sell individual fixed-rate mortgage loans was   $  229.5   million with a carrying value and fair value reflecting a   loss   of   $  2.1   million.  At   September 30  , 2016, the notional amount of commitments to fund individual fixed-rate mortgage loans was   $  22  3.0   million with a carrying value and fair value reflecting a gain of   $  6.9   million.  At   September 30  , 2015, the notional amount of commitments to fund individual fixed-rate mortgage loans was   $  158.1   million with a carrying value and fair value reflecting a gain of   $4.  9   million.   

The Company also enters into derivative financial instruments in the form of interest rate swaps to meet the financing, interest rate and equity risk management needs of its customers.  Upon entering into these interest rate swaps to meet customer needs, the Company enters into offsetting positions to minimize interest rate and equity risk to the Company.  These derivative financial instruments are reported at fair value with any resulting gain or loss recorded in current period earnings.  These instruments and their offsetting positions are recorded in other assets and other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets.  As of   September 30  , 2016, the notional amount of customer related derivative financial instruments was   $  231.3   million with an average maturity of   3  3   months, an average interest receive rate of   2.  8  %   and an average interest pay rate of   5.6%  .  As of   September 30  , 2015, the notional amount of customer related derivative financial instruments was   $  272.6     million with an average maturity of   4  3   months, an average interest receive rate of   2.5%   and an average interest pay rate of   5.6%  . 

Additionally, the Bank utilizes securities sold under agreements to repurchase to facilitate the needs of our customers and to facilitate secured short-term funding needs. Securities sold under agreements to repurchase are stated  

33   

at the amount of cash received in connection with the transaction. The Bank monitors collateral levels on a continuous basis and may be required to provide additional collateral based on the fair value of the underlying securities  . 

Certain financial instruments such as derivatives, may be eligible for offset in the consolidated balance sheet and/or subject to master netting arrangements or similar agreements. The Bank s derivative transactions with upstream financial institution counterparties are generally executed under International Swaps and Derivative Association  master agreements which include  right of set-off  provisions. In such cases there is generally a legally enforceable right to offset recognized amounts and there may be an intention to settle such amounts on a net basis.  Nonetheless, the Bank does not generally offset such financial instruments for financial reporting purposes. 

The following tables present components of financial instruments eligible for offsetting for the periods indicated: 

34   

NOTE 14   FAIR VALUE DISCLOSURES 

Fair value  is defined by FASB ASC 820, Fair Value Measurement ( FASB ASC 820 ), as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date.  FASB ASC 820 establishes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value.  The hierarchy maximizes the use of observable inputs and minimizes the use of unobservable inputs by requiring that observable inputs be used when available.  Observable inputs are inputs that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability developed based on market data obtained from sources independent of the reporting entity.  Unobservable inputs are inputs that reflect the reporting entity s assumptions about the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability developed based on the best information available under the circumstances.  The hierarchy is broken down into the following three levels, based on the reliability of inputs: 

Level 1:  Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that are accessible at the measurement date. 

Level 2:  Significant other observable inputs other than Level 1 prices, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities, quoted prices in markets that are not active or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data. 

Level 3:  Significant unobservable inputs for the asset or liability that reflect the reporting entity s own assumptions about the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. 

Determination of Fair Value 

The Company uses the valuation methodologies listed below to measure different financial instruments at fair value.  An indication of the level in the fair value hierarchy in which each instrument is generally classified is included.  Where appropriate, the description includes details of the valuation models, the key inputs to those models as well as any significant assumptions. 

35   

Available-for-sale securities.    Available-for-sale securities are recorded at fair value on a recurring basis.  Fair value measurement is based upon quoted prices, if available.  If quoted prices are not available, fair values are determined by matrix pricing, which is a mathematical technique widely used in the industry to value debt securities without relying exclusively on quoted prices for the specific securities but rather by relying on the securities  relationship to other benchmark quoted securities.  The Company s available-for-sale securities that are traded on an active exchange, such as the New York Stock Exchange, are classified as Level 1.  Available-for-sale securities valued using matrix pricing are classified as Level 2.  Available-for-sale securities valued using matrix pricing that has been adjusted to compensate for the present value of expected cash flows, market liquidity, credit quality and volatility are classified as Level 3.   

Mortgage servicing rights.    The Company records MSRs at fair value on a recurring basis with subsequent remeasurement of MSRs based on change in fair value.  An estimate of the fair value of the Company s MSRs is determined by utilizing assumptions about factors such as mortgage interest rates, discount rates, mortgage loan prepayment speeds, market trends and industry demand.  All of the Company s MSRs are classified as Level 3.  For additional information about the Company s valuation of MSRs, see Note 12,  Mortgage Servicing Rights. 

Derivative instruments.    The Company s derivative instruments consist of commitments to fund fixed-rate mortgage loans to customers and forward commitments to sell individual fixed-rate mortgage loans.  Fair value of these derivative instruments is measured on a recurring basis using recent observable market prices.  The Company also enters into interest rate swaps to meet the financing, interest rate and equity risk management needs of its customers.  The fair value of these instruments is either an observable market price or a discounted cash flow valuation using the terms of swap agreements but substituting original interest rates with prevailing interest rates ranging from   1.8  8  %   to   4.  34  %  .  The Company also considers the associated counterparty credit risk when determining the fair value of these instruments.  The Company s interest rate swaps, commitments to fund fixed-rate mortgage loans to customers and forward commitments to sell individual fixed-rate mortgage loans are classified as Level 3. 

Loans held for sale.     Loans held for sale are carried at fair value.  The fair value of loans held for sale is based on commitments outstanding from investors as well as what secondary markets are currently offering for portfolios with similar characteristics.  Therefore, loans held for sale are subjected to recurring fair value adjustments and are classified as Level 2.  The Company obtains quotes, bids or pricing indications on all or part of these loans directly from the buyers.  Premiums and discounts received or to be received on the quotes, bids or pricing indications are indicative of the fact that the cost is lower or higher than fair value.  

Impaired loans.    Loans considered impaired under FASB ASC 310 are loans for which, based on current information and events, it is probable that the creditor will be unable to collect all amounts due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement.  Impaired loans are subject to nonrecurring fair value adjustments to reflect (1) partial write-downs that are based on the observable market price or current appraised value of the collateral, or (2) the full charge-off of the loan carrying value.  All of the Company s impaired loans are classified as Level 3. 

Other real estate owned.    OREO is carried at the lower of cost or estimated fair value, less estimated selling costs and is subject to nonrecurring fair value adjustments.  Estimated fair value is determined on the basis of independent appraisals and other relevant factors less an average of   7%   for estimated selling costs.  All of the Company s OREO is classified as Level 3. 

Off-Balance sheet financial instruments.    The fair value of commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit is estimated using the fees currently charged to enter into similar agreements, taking into account the remaining terms of the agreement and the present creditworthiness of the counterparties.  The Company has reviewed the unfunded portion of commitments to extend credit as well as standby and other letters of credit, and has determined that the fair value of such financial instruments is not material.  The Company classifies the estimated fair value of credit-related financial instruments as Level 3.   

36   

Assets and Liabilities Recorded at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis 

The following tables present the balances of the assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of   September 30  , 2016 and 2015: 

The following tables present the changes in Level 3 assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis for the   nine-month   periods ended   September 30  , 2016 and 2015: 

37   

Assets and Liabilities Recorded at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis 

The following tables present the balances of assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis as of   September 30  , 2016 and 2015: 

38   

Fair Value of Financial Instruments 

FASB ASC 825, Financial Instruments ( FASB ASC 825 ), requires that the Company disclose estimated fair values for its financial instruments.  Fair value estimates, methods and assumptions are set forth below for the Company's financial instruments. 

Cash and Due From Banks.    The carrying amounts for cash and due from banks approximate fair values due to their immediate and shorter-term maturities. 

Loans and Leases.    Fair values are estimated for portfolios of loans and leases with similar financial characteristics.  The fair value of loans and leases is calculated by discounting scheduled cash flows through the estimated maturity using rates the Company would currently offer customers based on the credit and interest rate risk inherent in the loan or lease.  Assumptions regarding credit risk, cash flows and discount rates are judgmentally determined using available market and borrower information.  Estimated maturity represents the expected average cash flow period, which in some instances is different than the stated maturity.  This entrance price approach results in a calculated fair value that would be different than an exit or estimated actual sales price approach and such differences could be significant.  All of the Company s loans and leases are classified as Level 3. 

Deposit Liabilities  .  Under FASB ASC 825, the fair value of deposits with no stated maturity, such as noninterest bearing demand deposits, interest bearing demand deposits and savings, is equal to the amount payable on demand as of the reporting date.  The fair value of certificates of deposit is based on the discounted value of contractual cash flows.  The discount rate is estimated using the prevailing rates offered for deposits of similar maturities.  The Company s noninterest bearing demand deposits, interest bearing demand deposits and savings are classified as Level 1.  Certificates of deposit are classified as Level 2. 

Debt  .  The carrying amounts for federal funds purchased and repurchase agreements approximate fair value because of their short-term maturity.  The fair value of the Company s fixed-term Federal Home Loan Bank ( FHLB ) advances is based on the discounted value of contractual cash flows.  The discount rate is estimated using the prevailing rates available for advances of similar maturities.  The fair value of the Company s long-term borrowings with U.S. Bank is based on the LIBOR rates plus an interest rate spread. The fair value of the Company s junior subordinated debt is based on market prices or dealer quotes.  The Company s federal funds purchased, repurchase agreements and junior subordinated debt are classified as Level 1.  FHLB and U.S. Bank advances are classified as Level 2. 

Lending Commitments.    The Company s lending commitments are negotiated at prevailing market rates and are relatively short-term in nature.  As a matter of policy, the Company generally makes commitments for fixed-rate loans for relatively short periods of time.  Therefore, the estimated value of the Company s lending commitments approximates the carrying amount and is immaterial to the financial statements.  The Company s lending commitments are classified as Level 2.  The Company s off-balance sheet commitments including letters of credit, which totaled $  92.3   million at   September 30  , 2016, are funded at current market rates at the date they are drawn upon.  It is management s opinion that the fair value of these commitments would approximate their carrying value, if drawn upon.   

The following table presents carrying and fair value information of financial instruments at   September 30  , 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

39   

NOTE 15   OTHER NONINTEREST REVENUE AND EXPENSE 

The following table details other noninterest revenue for the three months and   nine months ended     September 30  , 2016 and 2015: 

The following table details other noninterest expense for the three months and   nine months ended     September 30  , 2016 and 2015: 

40   

NOTE 16   COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENT LIABILITIES 

The nature of the Company s business ordinarily results in a certain amount of claims, litigation, investigations and legal and administrative cases and proceedings. Although the Company and its subsidiaries have developed policies and procedures to minimize the impact of legal noncompliance and other disputes, and endeavored to provide reasonable insurance coverage, litigation and regulatory actions present an ongoing risk. 

The Company and its subsidiaries are engaged in lines of business that are heavily regulated and involve a large volume of financial transactions and potential transactions with numerous customers or applicants, and the Company is a public company with a large number of shareholders. From time to time, borrowers, customers, shareholders, former employees and other third parties have brought actions against the Company or its subsidiaries, in some cases claiming substantial damages. Financial services companies are subject to the risk of class action litigation and, from time to time, the Company and its subsidiaries are subject to such actions brought against it. Additionally, the Bank is, and management expects it to be, engaged in a number of foreclosure proceedings and other collection actions as part of its lending and leasing collections activities, which, from time to time, have resulted in counterclaims against the Bank. Various legal proceedings have arisen and may arise in the future out of claims against entities to which the Company is a successor as a result of business combinations. The Company and its subsidiaries may also be subject to enforcement actions by federal or state regulators, including the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Federal Reserve, the FDIC, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (the  CFPB ), the Department of Justice (the  DOJ ), state attorneys general and the Mississippi Department of Banking and Consumer Finance. 

When and as the Company determines it has meritorious defenses to the claims asserted, it vigorously defends against such claims. The Company will consider settlement of claims when, in management s judgment and in consultation with counsel, it is in the best interests of the Company to do so. 

The Company cannot predict with certainty the cost of defense, the cost of prosecution or the ultimate outcome of litigation and other proceedings filed by or against it, its directors, management or employees, including remedies or damage awards. On at least a quarterly basis, the Company assesses its liabilities and contingencies in connection with outstanding legal proceedings as well as certain threatened claims (which are not considered incidental to the ordinary conduct of the Company s business) utilizing the latest and most reliable information available. For matters where a loss is not probable or the amount of the loss cannot be estimated, no accrual is established. For matters where it is probable the Company will incur a loss and the amount can be reasonably estimated, the Company establishes an accrual for the loss. Once established, the accrual is adjusted periodically to reflect any relevant developments. The actual cost of any outstanding legal proceedings   and the potential loss  ,   

41   

however, may turn out to be substantially higher than the amount accrued. Further, the Company s insurance has deductibles and will likely not cover all such litigation, other proceedings or claims, or the costs of defense.  

While the final outcome of any legal proceedings is inherently uncertain, based on the information available, advice of counsel and available insurance coverage,   if applicable,   management believes that the litigation-related expense of $8.5 million accrued as of   September 30  , 2016, which excludes amounts reserved for regulatory settlement expenses discussed below, is adequate and that any incremental liability arising from the Company s legal proceedings and threatened claims, including the matters described herein and those otherwise arising in the ordinary course of business, will not have a material adverse effect on the Company's business or consolidated financial condition. It is possible, however, that future developments could result in an unfavorable outcome for or resolution of any one or more of the lawsuits in which the Company or its subsidiaries are defendants, which may be material to the Company s results of operations for a particular fiscal period or periods. 

On January 5, 2016, the Bank entered into an agreement to settle a class action lawsuit filed on May 18, 2010 by an Arkansas customer of the Bank in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Florida. The suit challenged the manner in which overdraft fees were charged and the policies related to the posting order of debit card and ATM transactions. The suit also made a claim under Arkansas  consumer protection statute. The plaintiff was seeking to recover damages in an unspecified amount and equitable relief.  As a result of this agreement, the Company recorded an expense of $16.5 million in the fourth quarter of 2015, representing amounts to be paid in connection with the settlement  ,   net   of   amounts the Company had already accrued for this legal proceeding in previous periods.  The settlement was approved by the court on July 15, 2016.   Pursuant to the Court's order preliminarily approving the settlement, in the first quarter of 2016 the amounts accrued for settlement were paid into settlement escrow funds.  

On August 16, 2011, a shareholder filed a putative derivative action purportedly on behalf of the Company in the Circuit Court of Lee County, Mississippi, against certain current and past executive officers and members of the Board of Directors of the Company. The plaintiff in this shareholder derivative lawsuit asserted that the individual defendants violated their fiduciary duties by allegedly issuing materially false and misleading statements regarding the Company s business and financial results.  The plaintiff was seeking to recover alleged damages in an unspecified amount, equitable and/or injunctive relief, and attorneys  fees. A motion to dismiss filed by the defendants was granted by the Court on January 5, 2015, and the plaintiff filed a notice of appeal of that decision on February 2, 2015.  On April 14, 2016, the Mississippi Supreme Court upheld the lower Court s dismissal of the case against the Company, and the period for petitioning for a rehearing by the Mississippi Supreme Court elapsed   without it seeking rehearing  . 

On July 31, 2014, the Company  ,   its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer were named in a purported class-action lawsuit filed in the U.S. District Court for the Middle District of Tennessee on behalf of certain purchasers of the Company s common stock.  The complaint   w  as   subsequently amended to add the former President and Chief Operating Officer.    The complaint alleges that the defendants made misleading statements concerning the     Company s expectation that it would be able to close two merger transactions within a specified time period and the Company s compliance with certain Bank Secrecy Act and anti-money laundering requirements.  On July 10, 2015, the court granted in part and denied in part the defendants  motion to dismiss and dismissed the claims concerning the Company s expectations about the closing of the mergers  .    Class certification was granted on April 21, 2016, and a petition for immediate appeal of the class certification   was   filed and   was granted.  Class certification was vacated and the case was remanded to the District Court for further proceedings  .  The plaintiff seeks an unspecified amount of damages and awards of costs and attorneys  fees and such other equitable relief as the Court may deem just and proper.  At this stage of the lawsuit, management cannot determine the probability of an unfavorable outcome to the Company as it is uncertain whether class certification will be upheld and the exact amount of damages (should   the class   remain certified) is uncertain.  Although it is not possible to predict the ultimate resolution or financial liability with respect to the litigation, management is currently of the opinion that the outcome of this lawsuit will not have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, consolidated financial position or results of operations. 

On June 29, 2016, the Bank, the CFPB and the DOJ agreed to a settlement set forth in a consent order (the  Consent Order ) related to the joint investigation by the CFPB and the DOJ of the Bank s fair lending program during the period   between January 1, 2011 and December 31, 2013.  The Consent Order was signed by the United States District Court for the Northern District of Mississippi (the  District Court ) on July 25, 2016.  In the first quarter of 2016, the Bank reserved $13.8 million to cover costs related to this matter, $10.3 million of which was reflected as regulatory settlement expense and   $3.5 million of which was included in other noninterest expense.  The settlement of this matter did not have a material financial impact on   the second and     third quarter   2016 financial results.  For additional information regarding the terms of this settlement and the Consent Order, see the signed Consent Order and the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 29, 2016.   

42   

NOTE 17   LONG-TERM DEBT 

On August 8, 2013, the Company entered into a Credit Agreement with U.S. Bank National Association ( U.S. Bank ) as a lender and administrative agent, and First Tennessee Bank, National Association, as a lender.  The Credit Agreement includes an unsecured revolving loan of up to   $25.0   million that terminated and the outstanding balance of which was payable in full on   August 8, 2015  , which the Bank did not renew, and an unsecured multi-draw term loan of up to   $60.0   million, which commitment terminated on February 28, 2014 and the outstanding balance of which is payable in full on   August 8, 2018  .  The proceeds from the term loan were used to repurchase trust preferred securities.  Borrowings under the Credit Agreement bear interest at a Eurocurrency or base rate plus, in each case, an applicable interest rate margin.   

The Company had long-term borrowings from U.S. Bank pursuant to the Credit Agreement totaling   $  33.5   million at   September 30  , 2016 and   $39.8   million at December 31, 2015.  The Company also had long-term borrowings from FHLB of   $  5  30.0   million at   September 30  , 2016 and   $30.0   million at December 31, 2015.  

ITEM 2.  MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

Certain statements contained in this report may not be based upon historical facts and are  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ). These forward-looking statements may be identified by their reference to a future period or periods or by the use of forward-looking terminology such as  anticipate,   believe,   could,   estimate,   expect,   foresee,   hope,   intend,   may,   might,   plan,   will,  or  would  or future or conditional verb tenses and variations or negatives of such terms. These forward-looking statements include, without limitation, those relating to the terms, timing and closings of the proposed mergers with Ouachita Bancshares Corp. and Central Community Corporation, the Company s ability to operate its regulatory compliance programs consistent with federal, state and local laws, including its Bank Secrecy Act ( BSA ) and anti-money laundering ( AML ) compliance program   and its fair lending compliance program, the Company   s   compliance with the consent order it entered into with   the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (the  CFPB ) and the United States Department of Justice ( DOJ )   related to   the Company s fair lending practices   (the  Consent Order )  , the acceptance by customers of Ouachita Bancshares Corp. and Central Community Corporation of the Company s products and services if the proposed mergers close, the outcome of any instituted, pending or threatened material litigation, amortization expense for intangible assets, goodwill impairments, loan impairment, utilization of appraisals and inspections for real estate loans, maturity, renewal or extension of construction, acquisition and development loans, net interest revenue, fair value determinations, the amount of the Company s non-performing loans and leases, credit quality, credit losses, liquidity, off-balance sheet commitments and arrangements, valuation of mortgage servicing rights, allowance and provision for credit losses, early identification and resolution of credit issues, utilization of non-GAAP financial measures, the ability of the Company to collect all amounts due according to the contractual terms of loan agreements, the Company s reserve for losses from representation and warranty obligations, the Company s foreclosure process related to mortgage loans, the resolution of non-performing loans that are collaterally dependent, real estate values, fully-indexed interest rates, interest rate risk, interest rate sensitivity, calculation of economic value of equity, impaired loan charge-offs, diversification of the Company s revenue stream, liquidity needs and strategies, sources of funding, net interest margin, declaration and payment of dividends, cost saving initiatives, improvement in the Company s efficiencies, operating expense trends, future acquisitions and consideration to be used therefore, and the impact of certain claims and ongoing, pending or threatened litigation, administrative and investigatory matters.   

The Company cautions readers not to place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements contained in this report, in that actual results could differ materially from those indicated in such forward-looking statements as a result of a variety of factors. These factors may include, but are not limited to, the Company s ability to operate its regulatory compliance programs consistent with federal, state and local laws, including its BSA/AML compliance program   and its fair lending compliance program  ,   the Company  ability to successfully implement and comply with the Consent Order,   the ability of the Company, Ouachita Bancshares Corp. and Central Community Corporation to obtain regulatory approval of and close the proposed mergers,   the willingness of Ouachita Bancshares Corp. and Central Community Corporation to proceed with the proposed mergers,   the potential impact upon the Company of the  

43   

delay in the closings of these proposed mergers  ,        the impact of any ongoing, pending or threatened litigation, administrative and investigatory matters involving the Company, conditions in the financial markets and economic conditions generally, the adequacy of the Company s provision and allowance for credit losses to cover actual credit losses, the credit risk associated with real estate construction, acquisition and development loans, limitations on the Company s ability to declare and pay dividends, the availability of capital on favorable terms if and when needed, liquidity risk, governmental regulation, including the Dodd-Frank Act, and supervision of the Company s operations, the short-term and long-term impact of changes to banking capital standards on the Company s regulatory capital and liquidity, the impact of regulations on service charges on the Company s core deposit accounts, the susceptibility of the Company s business to local economic and environmental conditions, the soundness of other financial institutions, changes in interest rates, the impact of monetary policies and economic factors on the Company s ability to attract deposits or make loans, volatility in capital and credit markets, reputational risk, the impact of the loss of any key Company personnel, the impact of hurricanes or other adverse weather events, any requirement that the Company write down goodwill or other intangible assets, diversification in the types of financial services the Company offers, the Company s ability to adapt its products and services to evolving industry standards and consumer preferences, competition with other financial services companies, risks in connection with completed or potential acquisitions, the Company s growth strategy, interruptions or breaches in the Company s information system security, the failure of certain third-party vendors to perform, unfavorable ratings by rating agencies, dilution caused by the Company s issuance of any additional shares of its common stock to raise capital or acquire other banks, bank holding companies, financial holding companies and insurance agencies, other factors generally understood to affect the assets, business, cash flows, financial condition, liquidity, and prospects and/or results of operations of financial services companies  , and other factors detailed from time to time in the Company s press and news releases, reports and other filings with the SEC  .   

We provide greater detail regarding these and other factors elsewhere in this report including in the Risk Factors and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and from time to time in the Company s press and news releases, reports and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ).  Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date that they were made, and, except as required by law, the Company does not undertake any obligation to update or revise forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that occur after the date of this report. 

OVERVIEW 

BancorpSouth, Inc. (the  Company ) is a regional financial holding company headquartered in Tupelo,   Mississippi with $14.  6   billion in assets at   September 30  , 2016.  BancorpSouth Bank (the  Bank ), the Company s wholly-owned banking subsidiary, has commercial   banking operations in Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Louisiana, Mississippi, Missouri, Tennessee and Texas.  The Bank s insurance agency subsidiary also operates an office in Illinois.  The Bank and its insurance agency subsidiary provide commercial banking, leasing, mortgage origination and servicing, insurance, brokerage and trust services to corporate customers, local governments, individuals and other financial institutions through an extensive network of branches and offices.   

Management s discussion and analysis provides a narrative discussion of the Company s financial condition and results of operations.  For a complete understanding of the following discussion, please refer to the unaudited consolidated financial statements for the three-month and   nine-month   periods ended   September 30  , 2016 and 2015 and the consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2015 and the notes to such financial statements found under  Part I, Item 1. Financial Statements  of this report.  This discussion and analysis is based on such reported financial information.   

As a financial holding company, the financial condition and operating results of the Company are heavily influenced by economic trends nationally and in the specific markets in which the Company s subsidiaries provide financial services.  Generally, the pressures of the national and regional economic cycle created a difficult operating environment for the financial services industry.  The Company was not immune to such pressures and the economic downturn had a negative impact on the Company and its customers in all of the markets that it serves.    However, the Company s financial condition   has remained stable during the   first nine months   of 2016 as reflected by decreases in non-performing   assets   and impaired loans coupled with increased loans and leases, when compared to prior periods.      

Management believes that the Company is better positioned with respect to overall credit quality as   evidenced by the stable credit quality metrics especially when comparing   September 30  , 2016 to December 31, 2015 and   September 30  , 2015.    Management believes, ho  wever, that future weakness in the economic environment could  

44   

adversely affect the strength of the credit quality of the Company s assets overall.  Therefore, management will continue to focus on early identification and resolution of any credit issues. 

The largest source of the Company s revenue is derived from the operation of its principal operating subsidiary, the Bank.  The financial condition and operating results of the Bank are affected by the level and volatility of interest rates on loans, investment securities, deposits and other borrowed funds, and the impact of economic downturns on loan demand, collateral value and creditworthiness of existing borrowers.  The financial services industry is highly competitive and heavily regulated.  The Company s success depends on its ability to compete aggressively within its markets while maintaining sufficient asset quality and cost controls to generate net income. 

The information that follows is provided to enhance comparability of financial information between periods and to provide a better understanding of the Company s operations: 

45   

SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

46   

In addition to financial ratios based on measures defined by U.S. GAAP, the Company utilizes tangible shareholders  equity, tangible asset and tangible book value per share measures when evaluating the performance of the Company.  Tangible shareholders  equity is defined by the Company as total shareholders  equity less goodwill and identifiable intangible assets.  Tangible assets are defined by the Company as total assets less goodwill and identifiable intangible assets.  Management believes the ratio of tangible shareholders  equity to tangible assets to be important to investors who are interested in evaluating the adequacy of the Company s capital levels.  Tangible book value per share is defined by the Company as tangible shareholders  equity divided by total common shares outstanding.  Management believes that tangible book value per share is important to investors who are interested in changes from period to period in book value per share exclusive of changes in intangible assets.  The following table reconciles tangible shareholders  equity, tangible assets and tangible book value per share as presented above to U.S. GAAP financial measures as reflected in the Company s unaudited consolidated financial statements: 

FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS 

The Company   reported net income of $  37.8   million for the   third quarter   of 2016, compared to net income of $  34.3   million for the same quarter of 2015.  For the   first nine months   of 2016, the Company reported net income of $  95.1   million, compared to net income of $  106.3   million for the   first nine months   of 2015.  A factor contributing   to the   in  crease in net income for the three months   ended     September 30  , 2016 was the   in  crease in   non  interest revenue   which   was $  70.9   million for the   third quarter   of 2016, compared to $  63.0   million for the   third quarter   of 2015  .    The   in  crease in noninterest revenue for the comparable   three-  month   period   is primarily a result of the   in  crease in mortgage banking revenue  .  W  hile the   net income increased for the   comparable   three-month period, net income   decrease  d for the   first   nine-month  s    of 2016 compared to the first nine months of 2015 as a result of   the provision for credit losses of $  3  .0 million for the   nine months ended     September 30  , 2016 compared to a negative provision of $  13  .0 million for the comparable periods in 2015. The   negative provision for credit losses in 2015 reflected the impact of elevated levels of recoveries and improvement in portfolio credit  .  N  et charge  -  offs were $  3.6   million, or 0.05% of average loans and leases, during the   first nine months   of 2016, compared to net recoveries of $  3.6   million, or 0.  05  % of average loans and leases, during the   first nine months   of 2015.    Finally, net income for the   first nine months   of 2016 was negatively impacted by the pre-tax charge of $10.3 million recorded during the first quarter of 2016 related to a liability associated with an ongoing regulatory matter.  This regulatory matter was settled during the   second   quarter   of 2016 with no additional regulatory settlement charges deemed necessary. 

The primary source of revenue for the Company is the net interest revenue earned by the Bank.    Net interest revenue is the difference between interest earned on loans, investments and other earning assets and interest paid on deposits and other   obligations.  Net interest revenue was $  114.6   million for the   third quarter   of 2016, an increase of  

47   

$  3.5   million, or   3.2  %, from $  111.1   million for the   third quarter   of 2015. Net interest revenue was $  338.1   million for the   first nine months   of 2016, an increase of $  13.6   million, or 4.  2  %, from $  324  .  5   million for the   first nine months   of 2015.  N  et interest revenue is affected by the general level of interest rates, changes in interest rates and changes in the amount and composition of interest earning assets and interest bearing liabilities.  The Company s objective is to manage those assets and liabilities to maximize net interest revenue, while balancing interest rate, credit, liquidity and capital risks  .    The increase in net interest revenue   for the   third quarter   and   first nine months   of 2016 compared to the   third quarter   and   first nine months   of 2015 was primarily a result   of the increase in   interest revenue   related to loans and leases due t  o the increasing loan portfolio. 

Interest   revenue increased $4.  1   million or   3.5  %, in the   third quarter   of 2016 compared to the   third quarter   of 2015 and increased $  13.4   million, or   3.9  %, in   the   first nine months   of 2016 compared to the   first nine months   of 2015.  The Company has   managed to increase loans   as new loan production more than offset loan runoff in most loan categories   during 2016.    The   in  crease in interest expense   of approximately $619,000 or 8.9%   for the   third quarter     of 2016 compared to   the third quarter of   2015   was   primarily     due to   an   in  crease in     interest related to long term debt as FHLB borrowings have increased $500.0 million during 2016.  The   de  crease in interest expense   of approximately   $206,000, or 0.9%   for the   first nine months     of 2016 compared to the first nine months of 2015   related to    a     de  crease in   other time deposits  , with the decrease somewhat offset by the increase in interest expense related to long term debt  .   

The Company attempts to diversify its revenue stream by increasing the amount of revenue received from mortgage   banking   operations, insurance agency activities, brokerage and securities activities and other activities that generate fee income.  Management believes this diversification is important to reduce the impact of fluctuations in net interest revenue on the overall operating results of the Company.    Noninterest revenue   in  creased $  7.9   million, or   12.6  %, for the   third quarter   of 2016 compared to the   third quarter   of 2015 and decreased $  4.5   million, or   2.1  %, for the   first nine months   of 2016 compared to the   first nine months   of 2015.  One of the primary contributors to the   in  crease in noninterest revenue   for the   comparable three month period   and   the   decrease in noninterest revenue for the   comparable nine month period   was mortgage banking revenue.  Mortgage banking revenue   in  creased to $  12.3   million for the   third quarter   of 2016 compared to $  2.3   million for the   third quarter   of 2015 and decreased to $  23.9   million for the   first nine months   of 2016 compared to $  25.0   million for the   first nine months   of 2015  .    The in  crease in mortgage banking revenue   for the   comparable three month period   as well as the decrease in mortgage banking revenue for the   comparable nine month period     w  ere     both   a result of the   change in MSRs.  The fair value of MSRs   in  creased $  1.8   million during the   third quarter   of 2016   compared to a de  crease of $  5  .3 million during the   third quarter   of 2015 and decreased $  10.2   million during the   first nine months   of 2016 compared to   a decrease of $4.0   million for the   first nine months   of 2015.  Mortgage origination volume increased 1  8  .9% to $  478.2   million for the   third quarter   of 2016 compared to $  402.2   million for the   third quarter   of 2015 and increased   11.  1  % to $  1.3     b  illion for the   first nine months   of 2016 compared to $  1.1 b  illion for the   first nine months   of 2015.  As a result of increased mortgage originations, mortgage origination revenue increased to $  8.2   million during the   third quarter   of 2016 compared to $  5.2   million during the   third quarter   of 2015 and increased to $  25.9   million for the   first nine months   of 2016 compared to $  21.5   million for the   first nine months   of 2015. 

Insurance   c  ommissions   remained relatively stable for the   first nine months   of 2016 compared to the   first nine months   of 2015. Wealth management revenue decreased to $5.3 million for the   third quarter   of 2016 compared to $  5.6   million for the   third quarter   of 2015 and decreased to $  15.8   million for the   first nine months   of 2016 compared to $  17.3   million for the   first nine months   of 2015 primarily   as a result of fewer sales of brokerage and annuity products.   There   were no significant non-recurring noninterest revenue items during the   first nine months   of 2016 or 2015. 

Total noninterest   expense increased   2.4  % to $  129.5   million for the   third quarter   of 2016 compared   to $  126.5   million for the   third quarter   of 2015   and   increased 2.2% to $  400.5   million   for the   first nine months   of 2016   compared to $  391.6   million for the   first nine months   of 2015.    The increase in noninterest expense during the   first nine months   of 2016 compared to the   first nine months   of 2015 was primarily a result of a pre-tax charge of   $  10.3 million recorded during the first quarter of 2016 related to a probable and estimable liability associated with   an ongoing regulatory matter  .   This regulatory matter was settled during the   third quarter   of 2016 with no additional regulatory settlement charges deemed necessary.    The Company continues to focus attention on controlling noninterest expense.  The major components of net income are discussed in more detail below. 

48   

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Net Interest Revenue 

Net interest revenue is the difference between interest revenue earned on assets, such as loans, leases and securities, and interest expense   incurred   on liabilities, such as deposits and borrowings, and continues to provide the Company with its principal source of revenue.  Net interest revenue is affected by the general level of interest rates, changes in interest rates and changes in the amount and composition of interest     earning assets and interest bearing liabilities.  The Company s long-term objective is to manage interest     earning assets and   interest bearing   liabilities to maximize net interest revenue, while balancing interest rate, credit and liquidity risk.  Net interest margin is determined by dividing fully taxable equivalent net interest revenue by average earning assets.  For purposes of the following discussion, revenue from tax-exempt loans and investment securities has been adjusted to a fully taxable equivalent ( FTE ) basis, using an effective tax rate of 35%.  The following table presents average interest earning assets, average interest bearing liabilities, net interest revenue-FTE, net interest margin-FTE and net interest rate spread for the three months and   nine months ended     September 30  , 2016 and 2015: 

49   

(1)  Includes taxable equivalent adjustment to   interest of $0.9 million   and $0.8 million   for the three months ended   September   30, 2016 and 2015,   respectively,   using an effective tax rate of 35%. 

(2)  Includes non-accrual loans. 

(3)  Includes taxable equivalent adjustment to interest of $1.6 million and $1.  7   million for the three months ended   September 30  , 2016 and 2015, respectively, using an effective tax rate   of 35%. 

50   

(1)  Includes taxable equivalent adjustment to interest of $  2.7 million and $2.  5     million for   both   the   nine months ended     September 30  , 2016 and 2015  ,   respectively,   using an effective tax rate of 35%. 

(2)  Includes non-accrual loans. 

(3)  Includes taxable equivalent adjustment to interest of $  4.8   million and $  5.4   million for the   nine months ended     September 30  , 2016 and 2015  , respectively, using an effective tax rate of 35%. 

Net interest revenue-  FTE for the three-month period   ended   September 30  , 2016 increased $  3.  4     million, or   2.9  %, compared to the same period in 2015.  Net interest revenue-FTE for the   nine-month   period ended   September 30  , 2016 increased $  13.3   million, or   4.0  %, compared to the same period in 2015  .    The increase in   net   interest revenue-FTE f  or the comparable   nine-month   periods was primarily a result of the increase in interest revenue-FTE related to the increase in average earning assets with   that increase somewhat offset by the third quarter 2016 increase in rates paid on other time deposits and in the average balance of long term debt.     The   increase in earning assets was a result  

51   

of loan run-off being more than replaced with new lower yielding loans.  The decrease in earning asset yields was primarily   a result of declining loan yields as interest rates continue to be at historically low levels.  Rates on   interest bearing   liabilities   in  creased   slightly   as a result of   in  creases in rates paid on   interest-bearing   deposits.    

Interest revenue-FTE for the three-month period ended   September 30  , 2016 increased $  4.0   million, or 3.  3  %, compared to the same period in 2015.  Interest revenue-FTE for the   nine-month   period ended   September 30  , 2016 increased $  13.0   million, or 3.  6  %, compared to   the same period in 2015.  The   increase in inter  est revenue-FTE for these periods was a result   of the declining loan yields, as interest rates continued to be at historically low levels, being more than offset by loan growth noticed during the   third quarter   and   first nine months   of 2016   coupled with an increase in short  -  term investments during the same time period  .  The yield on   average interest-earning assets   decreased 8 basis points   for the   third quarter     of 2016 compared to the same period in 2015   and   decreased   3   basis points   for the   first nine   months   of 2016 compared to the same period in 2015.  Average interest-earning assets increased $  716.  4     million, or   5.7  %,   for the three-month   period ended   September 30  , 2016, compared to the same period in 2015.  Average interest-earning assets increased $  556.1   million, or   4.  4  %, for   the   nine-month   period ended   September 30  , 2016,   compared to the same period in 2015. 

Interest expense for the three-month period ended   September 30  ,    2016   in  creased $0.  6   million, or   8.  3  %, compared to the same period in 2015  , while i  nterest expense for the   nine-month   period ended   September 30  , 2016 decreased $0.  3     million, or   1.3  %,   compared to the same period in 2015.  The   in  crease in interest expense for   the   comparable   three-month period   was   primarily   a result of the   in  crease in   long  -  term debt   combined with the increase in rates paid on other time deposits  .    The decrease in interest expense for the   comparable   nine-month period was a result of the decrease in other time deposits and   their corresponding rates  .    Average rates paid on   interest bearing   liabilities   in  creased 2 basis points for the   third quarter   of 2016 compared to the   third quarter   of 2015 and decreased   1   basis point the   first nine months   of 2016 compared to the same period in 2015. Average interest bearing liabilities increased $  452.  7     million, or   5.  1  %, for the   third quarter   of 2016 compared to the   third quarter   of 2015 and increased $  278.  4     million, or   3  .  1  %, for   the   nine-month   period ended   September 30  , 2016 compared to the same period in 2015.      The increase in average   interest bearing liabilities for these periods was primarily a   result of increases in average interest bearing demand and savings deposits combined with the increase in long-term FHLB borrowings more than offsetting the decrease in other time deposits. 

Net interest margin-  FTE was 3.5  1  % for the three months ended   September 30  , 2016, a   de  crease of   8     basis point  s   from 3.  59  % for the three months ended   September 30  , 2015.  Net interest margin-FTE was 3.5  5  %    and 3.  5  6  %    for the   nine-month   period   ended   September 30  , 2016 and 2015  , respectively  . 

Interest Rate Sensitivit  y 

The interest rate sensitivity gap is the difference between the maturity or re-pricing opportunities of interest sensitive assets and interest sensitive liabilities for a given period of time.  A prime objective of the Company s asset/liability management is to maximize net interest margin while maintaining a reasonable mix of interest sensitive assets and liabilities.  The following table presents the Company s interest rate sensitivity at   September 30  , 2016: 

52   

In the event interest rates increase after   September 30  , 2016, based on this interest rate sensitivity gap, the Company could experience decreased net interest revenue in the following one-year period, as the cost of funds could increase at a more rapid rate than interest revenue on interest-earning assets.  However, the Company s historical repricing sensitivity on   interest bearing   demand deposits and savings suggests that these deposits, while having the ability to reprice in conjunction with rising market rates, often exhibit less repricing sensitivity to a change in market rates, thereby somewhat reducing the exposure to rising interest rates.  In the event interest rates decline after   September 30  , 2016, based on this interest rate sensitivity gap, it is possible that the Company could experience slightly increased net interest revenue in the following one-year period.  However, any potential benefit to net interest revenue in a falling rate environment is mitigated by implied rate floors on   interest bearing   demand deposits and savings resulting from the historically low interest rate environment.  It should be noted that the balances shown in the table above are at   September 30  , 2016 and may not be reflective of positions at other times during the year or in subsequent periods.  Allocations to specific interest rate sensitivity periods are based on the earlier of maturity or repricing dates.   The elevated liability sensitivity in the 0 to 90 day category as compared to other categories was primarily a result of the Company s utilization of shorter term, lower cost deposits to fund earning assets. 

As of   September 30  , 2016  , the Bank had $2.  6   billion in variable rate loans with interest rates determined by a floor, or minimum rate.  This portion of the loan portfolio had an average interest rate earned of 4.14%, an average maturity of 16  2   months and a fully-indexed interest rate of 4.1  4  % at   September 30  , 2016.  The fully-indexed interest rate is the interest rate that these loans would be earning without the effect of interest rate floors.  While the Bank benefits from interest rate floors in the current interest rate environment, loans currently earning their floored interest rate may not experience an immediate impact on the interest rate earned should key indices rise.  Key indices include, but are not limited to, the Bank s prime rate, the Wall Street Journal prime rate and the London Interbank Offering Rate.  At   September 30  , 2016, the Company had $  508.9   million, $3.  9   billion and $7  28  .0 million in variable rate loans with interest rates tied to the Bank s prime rate, the Wall Street Journal prime rate and the London Interbank Offering Rate, respectively.  The Bank s net interest margin may be negatively   impacted by the timing and magnitude of a rise in key indices.    

53   

Interest Rate Risk Management  

Interest rate risk refers to the potential changes in net interest income and Economic Value of Equity ( EVE ) resulting from adverse movements in interest rates.  EVE is defined as the net present value of the balance sheet s cash flow.  EVE is calculated by discounting projected principal and interest cash flows under the current interest rate environment.  The present value of asset cash flows less the present value of liability cash flows derives the net present value of the Company s balance sheet.  The Company s Asset / Liability Committee utilizes financial simulation models to measure interest rate exposure.  These models are designed to simulate the cash flow and accrual characteristics of the Company s balance sheet.  In addition, the models incorporate assumptions about the direction and volatility of interest rates, the slope of the yield curve, and the changing composition of the Company s balance sheet arising from both strategic plans and customer behavior.  Finally, management makes assumptions regarding loan and deposit growth, pricing, and prepayment speeds. 

The sensitivity analysis included in the tables below delineates the percentage change in net interest income and EVE derived from instantaneous parallel rate shifts of plus and minus 400, 300, 200 and 100 basis points.  The impact of minus 400, 300, 200 and 100 basis point rate shocks as of   September 30  , 2016 and 2015 was not considered meaningful because of the historically low interest rate environment.  However, the risk exposure should be mitigated by any downward rate shifts.  Variances were calculated from the base case scenario, which reflected prevailing market rates, and the net interest income forecasts used in the calculations spanned 12 months for each scenario.   

For the tables below, average life assumptions and beta values for non-maturity deposits were estimated based on the historical behavior rather than assuming an average life of one day and a beta value of 1, or 100%.  Historical behavior suggests that non-maturity deposits have longer average lives for which to discount expected cash flows and lower beta values for which to re-price expected cash flows.  The former results in a higher premium derived from the present value calculation, while the latter results in a slower rate of change and lower change in interest rate paid given a change in market rates.  Both have a positive impact on the EVE calculation for rising rate shocks.  Calculations using these assumptions are designed to delineate more precise risk exposure under the various shock scenarios.  While the falling rate shocks are not considered meaningful in the historically low interest rate environment, the risk profile would be negatively impacted by downward rate shifts under these assumptions. 

54   

In addition to instantaneous rate shocks, the Company monitors interest rate exposure through simulations of gradual interest rate changes over a 12-month time horizon.  The results of these analyses are included in the following table:        

Provision for Credit Losses and Allowance for Credit Losses 

In the normal course of business, the Bank assumes risks in extending credit.  The Bank manages these risks through underwriting in accordance with its lending policies, loan review procedures and the diversification of its loan and lease portfolio.  Although it is not possible to predict credit losses with certainty, management regularly reviews the characteristics of the loan and lease portfolio to determine its overall risk profile and quality. 

The provision for credit losses is the periodic cost of providing an allowance or reserve for estimated probable losses on loans and leases.  The Board of Directors has appointed a Credit Committee, composed of senior management and loan administration staff which meets on a quarterly basis or more frequently if required to review the recommendations of several internal working groups developed for specific purposes including the allowance for loans and lease losses, impairments and charge-offs.  The allowance for loan and lease losses group ( ALLL group ) bases its estimates of credit losses on three primary components:  (1) estimates of   incurred   losses that exist in various segments of performing loans and leases; (2) specifically identified losses in individually analyzed credits; and (3) qualitative factors   that address estimates of incurred losses not fully identified by the two prior components  .  Factors such as financial condition of the borrower and guarantor, recent credit performance, delinquency, liquidity, cash flows, collateral type and value are used to assess credit risk.    Estimates of incurred losses   are influenced by the historical   net   losses experienced by the Bank for loans and leases of comparable creditworthiness and structure.  Specific loss assessments are performed for loans and leases of significant size and delinquency based upon the collateral protection and expected future cash flows to determine the amount of impairment under FASB ASC 310, Receivables ( FASB ASC 310 ).  In addition, qualitative factors such as changes in economic conditions, concentrations of risk, and changes in portfolio risk resulting from regulatory changes are considered in determining the adequacy of the level of the allowance for credit losses.  

Attention is paid to the quality of the loan and lease portfolio through a formal loan review process. An independent loan review department of the Bank is responsible for reviewing the credit rating and classification of individual credits and assessing trends in the portfolio, adherence to internal credit policies and procedures and other factors that may affect the overall adequacy of the allowance for credit losses.  The ALLL group is responsible for ensuring that the allowance for credit losses provides coverage   of   estimated incurred loan losses  .  The ALLL group  meets at least quarterly to determine the amount of adjustments to the allowance for credit losses.   The ALLL group is composed of senior management from the Bank s loan administration and finance departments.  In 2010, the Bank established an impairment group.  The impairment group is responsible for evaluating loans that have been specifically identified through various channels, including examination of the Bank s watch list, past due listings, findings of the internal loan review department, loan officer assessments and loans to borrowers or industries known to be experiencing problems.  For all loans identified, the responsible loan officer in conjunction with his or her credit administrator is required to prepare an impairment analysis to be reviewed by the impairment group.  The impairment group deems that a loan is impaired if   the loan is greater than $500,000 and   it is probable that the Company will be unable to collect all the contractual principal and interest on the loan   and all loans restructured in a TDR  .  The impairment group also evaluates the circumstances surrounding the loan in order to determine if the loan officer used the most appropriate method for assessing the impairment of the loan (i.e., present value of expected future cash flows, observable market price or fair value of the underlying collateral).  The impairment group meets on a monthly basis. 

If concessions are granted to a borrower as a result of its financial difficulties, the loan is classified as a troubled debt restructuring ( TDR ) and analyzed for possible impairment as part of the credit approval process.  TDRs are reserved in accordance with FASB ASC 310 in the same manner as impaired loans that are not TDRs.  Should the borrower s financial condition, collateral protection or performance deteriorate, warranting reassessment of the loan rating or impairment, additional reserves may be required. 

55   

Loans of $500,000 or more that are identified for review by the impairment group, which decides whether an impairment exists and to what extent a specific allowance for credit loss should be made.  Loans that do not meet these requirements may also be identified by management for impairment review, particularly if the loan is a small loan that is part of a larger relationship.  Loans subject to such review are evaluated as to collateral dependency, current collateral value, guarantor or other financial support and likely disposition.  Each such loan is individually evaluated for impairment.  The impairment evaluation of real estate loans generally focuses on the fair value of underlying collateral obtained from appraisals, as the repayment of these loans may be dependent on the liquidation of the collateral.  In certain circumstances, other information such as comparable sales data is deemed to be a more reliable indicator of fair value of the underlying collateral than the most recent appraisal.  In these instances, such information is used in determining the impairment recorded for the loan.  As the repayment of commercial and industrial loans is generally dependent upon the cash flow of the borrower or guarantor support, the impairment evaluation generally focuses on the discounted future cash flows of the borrower or guarantor support, as well as the projected liquidation of any pledged collateral.  The impairment group reviews the results of each evaluation and approves the final impairment amounts, which are then included in the analysis of the adequacy of the allowance for credit losses in accordance with FASB ASC 310.  Loans identified for impairment are placed in non-accrual status. 

A new appraisal is generally ordered for loans greater than $500,000 that have characteristics of potential impairment such as delinquency or other loan-specific factors identified by management, when a current appraisal (dated within the prior 12 months) is not available or when a current appraisal uses assumptions that are not consistent with the expected disposition of the loan collateral.  In order to measure impairment properly at the time that a loan is deemed to be impaired, a staff appraiser may estimate the collateral fair value based upon earlier appraisals   received from outside appraisers  , sales contracts, approved foreclosure bids, comparable sales, officer estimates or current market conditions until a new appraisal is received.  This estimate can be used to determine the extent of the impairment on the loan.  After a loan is deemed to be impaired, it is management s policy to obtain an updated appraisal on at least an annual basis.  Management performs a review of the pertinent facts and circumstances of each impaired loan, such as changes in outstanding balances, information received from loan officers and receipt of re-appraisals, on a monthly basis.  As of each review date, management considers whether additional impairment should be recorded based on recent activity related to the loan-specific collateral as well as other relevant comparable assets.  Any adjustment to reflect further impairments, either as a result of management s periodic review or as a result of an updated appraisal, are made through recording additional loan loss provisions   and/  or charge-offs. 

At   September 30  , 2016, impaired loans totaled $  39.1   million, which was net of cumulative charge-offs of $  8.3   million.  Additionally, the Company had specific reserves for impaired loans of $3.  7   million included in the allowance for credit losses.  Impaired loans at   September 30  , 2016 were primarily from the Company s commercial real estate and commercial and industrial owner occupied portfolios.  Impaired loan charge-offs   are determined   necessary when management does not anticipate any future recovery of collateral values.  The loans were evaluated for impairment based on the fair value of the underlying collateral securing the loan.  As part of the impairment review process, appraisals are used to determine the property values.  The appraised values that are used are generally based on the disposition value of the property, which assumes Bank ownership of the property  as-is  and a 180-360 day marketing period.  If a current appraisal or one with an inspection date within the past 12 months using the necessary assumptions is not available, a new third-party appraisal is ordered.  In cases where an impairment exists and a current appraisal is not available at the time of review, a staff appraiser may determine an estimated value based upon earlier appraisals, the sales contract, approved foreclosure bids, comparable sales, comparable appraisals, officer estimates or current market conditions until a new appraisal is received.  After a new appraisal is received, the value used in the review will be updated and any adjustments to reflect further impairments are made.  Appraisals are obtained from state-certified appraisers based on certain assumptions which may include foreclosure status, bank ownership, OREO marketing period of 180-360 days, costs to sell, construction or development status and the highest and best use of the property.  A staff appraiser may make adjustments to appraisals based on sales contracts, comparable sales and other pertinent information if an appraisal does not incorporate the effect of these assumptions. 

When a guarantor is relied upon as a source of repayment, it is the Company s policy to analyze the strength of the guaranty.  This analysis varies based on circumstances, but may include a review of the guarantor s personal and business financial statements and credit history, a review of the guarantor s tax returns and the preparation of a cash flow analysis of the guarantor.  Management will continue to update its analysis on individual guarantors as circumstances change.    S  ubsequent analyses may result in the identification of the inability of some guarantors to perform under the agreed upon terms. 

Any loan or portion thereof which is classified as  loss  by regulatory examiners or which is determined by management to be uncollectible, because of factors such as the borrower s failure to pay interest or principal, the  

56   

borrower s financial condition, economic conditions in the borrower s industry or the inadequacy of underlying collateral, is charged off. 

The following table provides an analysis of the allowance for credit losses for the periods indicated: 

57   

58   

Net   charge-offs   were $1.  0   million in the   third quarter   of 2016 compared to net   chargeoffs   of $  2.3   million in the   third quarter   of 2015. Net   chargeoffs   in the   first   nine months   of 2016   were $  3.6   million compared to net recoveries of $  3.6   million in the   first nine months   of 2015.    Relatively low n  et   charge-offs   in the   first nine months   of 2016, coupled with improvement in criticized assets, contributed to   no provision recorded during the third quarter of 2016  .  Net recoveries in the   first nine months   of 2015, coupled with improvement in criticized assets, contributed to a negative   provision for credit losses of $  3  .0 million and $1  3  .0 million being recorded in the   third quarter   and   first nine months   of 2015, respectively.       

Annualized net   charge-offs   as a percentage of average loans and leases for the   third quarter   of 2016 were 0.0  4  %, compared to annualized net   chargeoffs   as a percentage of average loans and leases of 0.  09  % for the   third quarter   of 2015.  Annualized net   charge-offs   as a percentage of average loans and leases for the   first nine months   of 2016 were 0.05%   comp  ared to annualized net   recoveries   as a percentage of average loans and leases of 0.  05  % for the same period in   2015.  The 2015 net recovery was a result of elevated levels of recoveries primarily in the construction, acquisition and development real estate portfolio.    Total recoveries were   $  2.7   million and $  7.8   million for the three-month and   nine-month   periods ended   September 30  , 2016,     compared to $  5.1   million and $  20.7   million for the three-month and   nine-month   periods ended   September 30  , 2015 with   51.4  % of the   first nine months   2015 recoveries being noticed in the real estate construction, acquisition and development portfolio.       

A $3.0 million provision for credit losses was recorded for the   first nine months   of 2016 while $1  3  .0 million negative provision was recorded for the     first nine months   of   2015  .  The   low   provision for credit losses for the   first nine months   of   2016 was a result of improving credit trends, including the elevated levels of recoveries.    As of   September 30  , 2016 and   2015,   55  % and 5  8  %, respectively, of nonaccrual loans had been charged down to net realizable value or had specific reserves to reflect recent appraised values.  As a result, impaired loans had an aggregate net book value of   8  3  % of   their contractual principal balance at   both   September 30  , 2016 and 2015.   

The allowance for credit losses   decreased $  7.1   million to $  12  5  .9 million at   September 30  , 2016 compared to $  133.0   million at   September 30  , 2015.  The decrease was   a result of improving credit metrics since   September 30  , 2015, including reductions in classified loans and low net charge-off levels. 

The breakdown of the allowance by loan and lease category is based, in part, on evaluations of specific loan and lease histories and on economic conditions within specific industries or geographical areas.  Accordingly, because all of these conditions are subject to change, the allocation is not necessarily indicative of the breakdown of any future allowance or losses.  The following table presents (i) the breakdown of the allowance for credit losses by segment and class and (ii) the percentage of each segment and class in the loan and lease portfolio to total loans and leases at the dates indicated: 

59   

Noninterest Revenue 

The components of noninterest revenue for the three months and   nine months ended     September 30  , 2016 and 2015 and the corresponding percentage changes are shown in the following tables: 

NM= Not meaningful 

NM=Not meaningful 

The Company s revenue from mortgage banking typically fluctuates as mortgage interest rates change and is primarily attributable to two activities - origination and sale of new mortgage loans and servicing of mortgage loans.  Since mortgage revenue can be significantly affected by changes in the valuation of MSRs in changing interest rate environments, the Company began piloting a hedge of the change in fair value of its MSRs during the fourth quarter of 2015.  The Company s normal practice is to originate mortgage loans for sale in the secondary market and to either retain or release the associated MSRs with the loan sold.  The Company records MSRs at fair value   for all loans sold  

60   

on a servicing retained basis with subsequent adjustments to fair value of MSRs in accordance with   FASB ASC 860, Transfers and Servicing.    

In the course of conducting the Company s mortgage banking activities of originating mortgage loans and selling those loans in the secondary market, various representations and warranties are made to the purchasers of the mortgage loans.  These representations and warranties also apply to underwriting the real estate appraisal opinion of value for the collateral securing these loans.  Under the representations and warranties, failure by the Company to comply with the underwriting and/or appraisal standards could result in the Company being required to repurchase the mortgage loan or to reimburse the investor for losses incurred   (i.e., make whole requests) if such failure cannot be cured   by the   Company within the specified period following discovery.  During the   first nine months   of 2016,   18   mortgage loans totaling $  1.3 million   were repurchased or otherwise settled as a result of underwriting and appraisal standard exceptions or make whole requests.  A loss of approximately $  220  ,000 was recognized related to these repurchased or make whole loans.  During the   first nine months   of 2015,   20   mortgage   loans totaling approximately $  2.1   million were repurchased or otherwise settled as a result of underwriting and appraisal standard exceptions or make whole requests.  A loss of approximately $  309  ,000 was recognized related to these repurchased or make whole loans. 

At   September 30  , 2016, the Company   had accrued $1.  5   million   for its estimate of losses from representation and warranty obligations.  The reserve was based on the Company s   repurchase and loss trends, and quantitative and qualitative factors that may result in anticipated losses different than historical loss trends, including loan vintage, underwriting characteristics and macroeconomic trends.   

Management believes that the Company s foreclosure process related to mortgage loans continues to operate effectively and in compliance with all applicable laws.  Before beginning the foreclosure process, a mortgage loan foreclosure working group of the Bank reviews the identified delinquent loan.  All documents and activities related to the foreclosure process are executed in-house by mortgage department personnel.   

Origination revenue, a component of mortgage banking revenue, is comprised of gains or losses from the sale of the mortgage loans originated, origination   fees, underwriting fees and other fees associated with the origination of loans.  Mortgage loan origination volumes   of $  478.  2     million and    $  402  .2   million produced origination   revenue of $  8.2   million   and $  5.2   million for the quarters ended   September 30  , 2016 and 2015, respect  ively.    Mortgage loan origination   volumes of $  1.3    b  illion and    $  1.1     b  illion produced origination   revenue   of $  25.9   million   and    $  21.5     million for the first   nine months ended     September 30  , 2016 and 2015, respectively.  The increase in mortgage origination revenue for the three months and   nine months ended     September 30  , 2016 compared to the three months and   nine months ended     September 30  ,    2015 is a result of the larger growth noticed in the held for sale pipeline   coupled with the increase in origination volume   during the   third quarter and first nine months of 2016 than the growth noticed in the held for sale pipeline   and origination volume   during the third quarter and first nine months of 2015.       

Revenue from the servicing process, another component   of mortgage banking revenue, includes fees from the actual servicing of loans.    Revenue from the servicing of loans was $4.  6   million and $4.  4   million for the quarters ended   September 30  , 2016 and 2015, respectively.   For the   nine months ended     September 30  , 2016 and 2015, revenue from the servicing of loans was $  14.1   million and $  12.9   million, respectively  . 

Changes in the fair value of the Company s   MSRs are generally a result of changes in mortgage interest rates from the previous reporting date.    An increase in   mortgage interest rates typically results in an increase in the fair value of the MSRs while a decrease in mortgage interest rates typically results in a decrease in the fair value of MSRs.  The fair value of MSRs is also impacted by principal payments, prepayments   and   payoffs on loans in the servicing portfolio.  Decreases in value from principal payments, prepayments and payoffs were $2.  3   million and $1.9 million for the quarters ended   September 30  , 2016 and 2015, respectively.  Decreases in value from principal   payments, prepayments and payoffs were $  5.8   million and $  5.4   million for the   nine months ended     September 30  , 2016 and 2015, respectively. As of   September 30  , 2016, the Company had a hedge in place designed to cover approximately 3% of the MSR value. The Company is susceptible to fluctuations in their value in changing interest rate environments.   Reflecting this sensitivity to interest rates, the fair value   of   MSRs   in  creased $  1.8   million and   de  creased $  5  .3 million for the quarters ended   September 30  , 2016 and 2015, respectively, and decreased $  10.2   million and   de  creased $  4.0   million for the   first nine months   of 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

61   

Credit card, debit card and merchant fees   remained stable   for the comparable three-month   period   and   increased slightly for the comparable   nine-month   period as a   result of new account volume noticed since   September 30, 2015.  Deposit service charge revenue decreased   6.9% and 4.5% when comparing the three-month and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, due to modifications made on the calculation and assessment of overdraft fees since   September 30, 2015.  

Net security gains of approximately $1,000 and $89,000 for the   three  -month and   nine-month   period ended   September 30  , 2016   and   net security   gains of approximately $  33  ,000 and $  88  ,000 for the three-month and   nine-month   period ended   September 30  ,    2015   were a result of sales and calls of available-for-sale securities.   

Insurance   commissions   remained relativ  ely stable decreasing only 1.  4  %   for the     third quarter   of 2016 compared to the   third quarter   of 2015   and   1.  3  % for the   first   nine months   of 2016 compared   to the   first nine months   of 2015  .    Trust   income remained relatively stable during the   third quarter   of 2016   compared to the third quarter of 2015 and decreased 5.9% for the first nine months of 2016 compared to the first nine months of 2015 as a result of an executor fee taken on a large estate during the   first nine months of 2015 with no similar fee noticed in the first nine  

62   

months of 2016.  A  nnuity fees decreased for both the third quarter of 2016 compared to the third q  uarter   of 2015 and for the   first nine months   of 2016 compared to the   first nine months   of 2015   as a result of less annuity sales during 2016.    Brokerage commissions and fees   decreased   10.9  % and   14.9  %   for the comparable three-month and   nine-month   periods, respectively, as a result of decreases in sales of all brokerage products. Bank-owned life   insurance remained relatively stable for   the comparable three-month and   nine-month   period.  Other miscellaneous income, which includes safe deposit box rental income, gain or loss on disposal of assets, and other non-recurring revenue   items   de  creased   14.5  % for the comparable three-month periods ended   September 30  , 2016 and 2015 and increased   2.9  % for   the comparable   nine-month   periods ended   September 30  , 2016 and 2015 as a result of   the activity     in miscellaneous other investment income combined   with credit trading fee income. 

Noninterest Expense 

The components of noninterest expense for the three months and   nine months ended     September 30  , 2016 and 2015 and the corresponding percentage changes are shown in the follow  ing tables: 

NM= Not meaningful 

63   

Salaries and employee benefit   expense   remained relatively stable   for the three months and   nine months ended     September 30  , 2016 compared to the same periods in   2015.  Occupancy     expense decreased 3.  8  % for the three months ended   September 30  , 2016 compared to the same period in 2015   but remained relatively stable   for the   nine months ended     September 30  , 2016 compared to the same period in 2015.  Equipment expense decreased   8.5  % and 1  0  .7%     for the comparable three-month and nine-month periods, respectively, as a result of decreases in depreciation expense.  Deposit insurance assessments increased 47.3% and 17.7% for the comparable three-month and nine-month periods, respectively, as a result of   additional assessments related to the surcharge to be levied on all larger banks to bring the Depos  it Insurance Fund reserve ratio   to the statutory minimum combined with movement evidenced in several variables utilized by the FDIC in calculating the deposit insurance assessment.  A pre-tax charge of $10.3 million was recorded during the first quarter of 2016 related to a liability associated with ongoing regulatory matters. A settlement   was reached during the   second   quarter   of 2016 with no additional charge required.     

Foreclosed property   expense   in  creased   6.3  % and   decreased     24.0  % for the   comparable three months and   nine months ended     September 30  , 2016   and 2015  , respectively  .  The increase for the comparable three month period was due to a large net gain recorded in the third quarter of 2015 while a much smaller net gain on sale was recorded in the third quarter of 2016  .    The decrease in foreclosed property expense for the first nine months of 2016 compared to the first   nine months of 2015 was a result of fewer writedowns.    During the   first nine months   of 2016, the Company added $  9.3   million to OREO through foreclosures.  Sales of OREO in the   first nine months   of 2016 were $  10.6   million, resulting in a net   loss     of approximately $  202  ,000  .  The components   of foreclosed property expense for the three months and   nine months ended     September 30  , 2016 and 2015 and the percentage change between periods are shown in the following tables: 

64   

NM= Not meaningful 

While the Company experienced some fluctuations in various components of other noninterest expense, including advertising and public relations  , the primary fluctuations included the decrease in legal fees and in other miscellaneous expense for the   first nine months   of 2016 compared to the   first nine months   of 2015. The decrease in legal fees and other miscellaneous expense is a result of additional costs recorded during the   first nine months   of 2015 related to litigation reserves for various legal matters, consulting and compliance services   more than offsetting any other legal and consulting costs   recorded during the   first nine months   of 2016. These consulting and compliance services were related to BSA and AML compliance remediation. 

Income Tax 

The Company recorded income tax   expense of $  18.1   million for the   third quarter   of 2016, compared to income tax expense of $  16.2   million for the   third quarter   of 2015.   Income tax expense   was   $  45.5   million for the     first nine months   of 2016, compared to income tax expense of $  50.2   million for the   first nine months   of 2015.   The primary differences between the Company s recorded expense for the   third quarter   and   first nine months   of 2016 and the expense that would have resulted from applying the U.S. statutory tax rate of 35% to the Company s pre-tax income were primarily the effects of tax-exempt income and other tax preference items.    

FINANCIAL CONDITION 

T  he percentage of earning assets to total assets measures the effectiveness of management s efforts to invest a  vailable funds into the most efficient and profitable uses.  Earning assets at   September 30  , 2016 were $13.  5   billion, or   92.3  % of   total assets, compared with $12.  7   billion, or 91.  7  % of total   assets, at December 31  , 2015.   

Loans and Leases 

The Bank s loan and lease portfolio represents the largest single component of the Company s earning asset base, comprising 79.9% of average earning assets during the third quarter of 2016.  The Bank s lending activities include both commercial and consumer loans and leases.  Loan and lease originations are derived from a number of sources, including direct solicitation by the Bank s loan officers, existing depositors and borrowers, builders, attorneys, walk-in customers and, in some instances, other lenders, real estate broker referrals and mortgage loan companies.  The Bank has established systematic procedures for approving and monitoring loans and leases that vary depending on the size and nature of the loan or lease, and applies these procedures in a disciplined manner.  The Company s loans and leases are widely diversified by borrower and industry.  Loans and leases, net of unearned income, totaled $10.7 billion and $10.4 billion at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.       

The following table shows the composition of the Company s gross loans and leases by segment and class at the dates indicated: 

65   

The following table shows the Company s loans and leases, net of unearned income by segment, class and geographical location as of   September 30  , 2016: 

66   

The maturity distribution of the Bank s loan portfolio is one factor in management s evaluation by collateral type of the risk characteristics of the loan and lease portfolio.  The following table shows the maturity distribution of the Company s loans and leases, net of unearned income, as of   September 30  , 2016: 

Commercial and Industrial   - Commercial and industrial loans are loans and leases to finance business operations, equipment and owner-occupied facilities primarily for small and medium-sized enterprises. These include both lines of credit for terms of one year or less and term loans which are amortized over the useful life of the assets financed. Personal guarantees are generally required for these loans. Also included in this category are loans to finance agricultural production.  Commercial and industrial loans   outstanding   decreased 7  .  5  %   from   December 31,   2015   to   September 30  , 2016  .    

Real Estate   Consumer Mortgages -   Consumer mortgages are first- or second-lien loans to consumers secured by a primary residence or second home. These loans are generally amortized over terms up to   25   years.  The loans are generally secured by properties located within the local market area of the community bank which originates and services the loan. These loans are underwritten in accordance with the Bank s general loan policies and procedures which require, among other things, proper documentation of each   borrower s financial condition, satisfactory credit history and property value. Consumer mortgages outstanding   increased   5.6  %   at   September 30  , 2016 compared to December 31, 2015.  In addition to loans originated through the Bank s branches  , the Bank originates and services consumer mortgages sold in the secondary market which are underwritten and closed pursuant to investor and agency guidelines.  The Bank s exposure to sub-prime mortgages is minimal. 

Real Estate   Home Equity -   Home equity loans include revolving credit lines which are secured by a first or second lien on a borrower s residence. Each loan is underwritten individually by lenders who specialize in home equity lending and must conform to Bank lending policies and procedures for consumer loans as to borrower s financial condition, ability to repay, satisfactory credit history and the condition and value of collateral. Properties securing home equity loans are generally located in the local market area of the Bank branch or office originating and servicing the loan.    The Bank has not purchased home equity loans from brokers or other lending institutions.  Home equity loans   outstanding increased by   5.6  % at     September 30  , 2016   compared to December 31,   2015  . 

Real Estate   Agricultural -   Agricultural loans include loans to purchase agricultural land and production lines secured by farm land.  Agricultural loans   outstanding decreased by   6.6  % from   December   31, 2015 to   September 30  , 2016. 

Real Estate   Commercial and Industrial-Owner Occupied -   Commercial and industrial-owner occupied loans include loans secured by business facilities to finance business operations, equipment and owner-occupied facilities primarily for small and medium-sized enterprises. These include both lines of credit for terms of one year or less   and term loans which are amortized over the useful life of the assets financed. Personal guarantees are generally required for these loans.  Commercial and industrial-owner occupied   loans increased   3.2  % from   December   31,   2015   to   September 30  , 2016  . 

Real Estate   Construction, Acquisition and Development -   Construction, acquisition and development loans include both loans and credit lines for the purpose of purchasing, carrying and developing land into commercial  

67   

developments or residential subdivisions.  Also included are loans and lines for construction of residential, multi-family and commercial   buildings. The Bank generally engages in construction and development   lending only in local markets served by its branches. Construction, acquisition and development loans increased   18.7  %   from December 31, 2015 to   September 30  , 2016.    

The underwriting process for construction, acquisition and development loans with interest reserves is essentially the same as that for a loan without interest reserves and may include analysis of borrower and guarantor financial strength, market demand for the proposed project, experience and success with similar projects, property values, time horizon for project completion and the availability of permanent financing once the project is completed.  The Company s loan policy generally prohibits the use of interest reserves on loans.  Construction, acquisition and development loans, with or without interest reserves, are inspected periodically to ensure that the project is on schedule and eligible for requested draws.  Inspections may be performed by construction inspectors hired by the Company or by appropriate loan officers and are done periodically to monitor the progress of a particular project.  These inspections may also include discussions with project managers and engineers.   

At   September 30  , 2016  , the   Company had $  75.7   million in construction, acquisition and development loans that provided for the use of interest reserves with approximately $  561  ,000 and $  1.5 million   recognized as interest income during the   third quarter   and   first nine months   of 2016.  There were no construction, acquisition   and development loans with interest reserves that were on non-accrual status at   September 30  , 2016  .    Interest income is not recognized on construction, acquisition and development loans with interest reserves that are in non-accrual status.  Loans with interest reserves normally have a budget that includes the various cost components involved in the project. Interest is such a cost, along with hard and other soft costs.  The Company s policy is to allow interest reserves only during the construction phase. 

Each construction, acquisition and development loan is underwritten to address: (i) the desirability of the project, its market viability and projected absorption period; (ii) the creditworthiness of the borrower and the guarantor as to liquidity, cash flow and assets available to ensure performance of the loan; (iii) equity contribution to the project; (iv) the developer s experience and success with similar projects; and (v) the value of the collateral.  

Real Estate   Commercial -   Commercial loans include loans to finance income-producing commercial and multi-family properties.  Lending in this category is generally limited to properties located in the Bank s trade area with only limited exposure to properties located elsewhere but owned by in-market borrowers. Loans in this category include loans for neighborhood retail centers, medical and professional offices, single retail stores, warehouses and apartments leased generally to local businesses and residents. The underwriting of these loans takes into consideration the occupancy and rental rates as well as the financial health of the borrower.  The Bank s exposure to national retail tenants is minimal  .  The Bank has not purchased commercial real estate loans from brokers or third-party originators.  Commercial   real estate     loans increased   2.4  % from December 31, 2015 to   September 30  , 2016.    

Credit Cards -   Credit cards include consumer and business MasterCard   and Visa accounts.  The Bank offers credit cards primarily to its deposit and loan customers.  Credit card   balances decreased   4.2  % from   December 31,   2015   to   September 30  , 2016  . 

All Other -   All other loans and leases include consumer installment loans and loans and leases to state, county and municipal governments and non-profit agencies. Consumer installment loans and leases include term loans of up to five years secured by automobiles, boats and recreational vehicles.  The Bank offers lease financing for vehicles and heavy equipment to state, county and municipal governments and medical equipment to healthcare providers across the southern states.  All ot  her loan and lease balances, net of unearned income decreased   2.8  % from December 31, 2015 to   September 30  , 2016. 

NPLs consist of non-accrual loans and leases, loans and leases 90 days or more past due, still accruing, and accruing loans and leases that have been restructured (primarily in the form of reduced interest rates and modified payment terms) because of the borrower s or guarantor s weakened financial condition or bankruptcy proceedings.  The Bank s policy provides that loans and leases are generally placed in non-accrual status if, in management s opinion, payment in full of principal or interest is not expected or payment of principal or interest is more than 90 days past due, unless the loan or lease is both well-secured and in the process of collection.  Non-performing assets ( NPAs ) consist of NPLs and OREO, which consists of foreclosed properties.  NPAs, which are carried either in the  

68   

loan account or OREO on the Company s consolidated balance sheets, depending on foreclosure status, were as follows as of the dates presented:  

NPLs   decreased   4.2  % to $  90.9   million   at   September 30  , 2016   compared to $  94.9   million at December 31,   2015     and   increased   0.7  % compared to $  90.3   million at   September 30  , 2015.  Included in NPLs at   September 30  , 2016 were $  39.1   million of loans that were impaired.  These impaired loans had a specific reserve of $3.  7   million included in the allowance for credit losses of $12  5  .9 million   at   September 30  ,    2016  , and were net of   $  8.3   million in partia  l charge-downs previously taken on these impaired loans.  NPLs at December 31,   2015   included   $51.4 million of loans that were impaired.  These impaired loans had a specific reserve of $  2.4   million included in the allowance for credit losses of $126.5 million at December 31, 2015.  NPLs at   September 30  , 2015 included $  40.7   million of loans that were impaired.  These impaired loans had a specific reserve of $  5.4   million included in the allowance for credit losses of $13  3  .  0   million at   September 30  , 2015.   

Non-accrual loans at   September 30  ,    2016 reflected a   de  crease of $  12.3   million, or   14.8  %, compared to December 31, 2015 but reflected an increase of $0.  5   million, or   0.7  %, compared   to   September 30  , 2015  .        While non-accrual lo  ans increased   slightl  y in several loan categories when comparing   September 30  , 2016 to   September 30  , 2015, the primary increases in non-accrual loans are recognized in the real estate   construction, acquisition and development   and the commercial real estate portfolios.  Non-accrual loans related to the real estate co  nstruction, acquisition and development   portfolio increased $  2.7   million, or   63.7  %, to $  6.9   million at   September 30  , 2016 compared to $  4.2   million at   September 30  , 2015.  Non-accrual loans related to the commercial real estate portfolio increased $  4.1   million, or   37.9  %, to $  14.8   million at   September 30  , 2016 compared to $  10.7   million at   September 30  , 2015.        The increase in the real estate construction, acquisition and development and commercial real estate portfolios was partially offset by the decrease of $4.0 million, or 25.7%, in the commercial and industrial portfolio to $11.7 million at September 30, 2016 compared to $15.7 million at September 30, 2015.  

The Bank s NPLs are primarily located in Arkansas, Mississippi and Louisiana as these markets represent $  70.0   million, or   77.0  % of total NPLs of $  90.9   million   at   September 30  ,    2016  .  These areas have experienced a higher incidence of NPLs, primarily as a result   of the downturn in the economic markets in these regions.    These markets continue to be affected by high inventories of unsold homes, unsold lots and undeveloped land intended for use as housing developments.    The following table presents the NPLs by geographical location at   September 30  , 2016: 

69   

OREO   decreased by    $  3.4 million   to $  11.4   million at   September 30  , 2016 compared to $14.8 million at December 31, 2015 and decreased by $  12.3   million compared to $  23.7   million at   September 30  , 2015.  OREO decreased as a result of sales of foreclosed properties exceeding   new foreclosures coupled with writedowns that were the result of continuing processes to value these properties at fair value.    The Bank recorded losses from the loans that were secured by these foreclosed properties in the allowance for credit losses at the time of foreclosur  e.   

The Company has processes in place to review credits upon renewal or modification to determine if concessions are being granted that meet the requirements set forth in FASB ASC 310.  Loans identified as meeting the criteria set out in FASB ASC 310 are identified as TDRs.  The concessions granted most frequently for TDRs involve reductions or delays in required payments of principal and/or interest for a specified time, the rescheduling of payments in accordance with a bankruptcy plan or the charge-off of a portion of the loan.  In most cases, the conditions of the credit also warrant non-accrual status, even after the restructure occurs.  TDR loans may be returned to accrual status in years after the restructure if there has been at   least a   six  -month   sustained period of repayment performance under the restructured loan terms by the borrower and the interest rate at the time of restructure was at or above market for a comparable loan.  For reporting purposes, if a restructured loan is 90 days or more past due or has been placed in non-accrual status, the restructured loan is included   in the loans 90 days or more past due category or the non-accrual loan category of NPAs.  Total restructured loans were $  31.6   million and $25.0 million at   September 30  , 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.  Restructured loans of $  13.6   million   and   $15.1 million were included in the non-accrual loan category at   September 30  , 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. 

At   September 30  , 2016,   the Company did not have any concentration of loans or leases in excess of 10% of total loans and leases outstanding which were not otherwise disclosed as a category of loans or leases.  Loan concentrations are considered to exist when there are amounts loaned to multiple borrowers engaged in similar   activities which would cause them to be similarly impacted by economic or other conditions.  The Bank conducts business in a geographically concentrated area and has a significant amount of loans secured by real estate to borrowers in varying activities and businesses, but does not consider these factors alone in identifying loan concentrations.  The ability of the Bank s borrowers to repay loans is somewhat dependent upon the economic conditions prevailing in the Bank s market areas. 

The Company utilizes an internal loan classification system to grade loans according to certain credit quality indicators.  These credit quality indicators include, but are not limited to, recent credit performance, delinquency, liquidity, cash flows, debt coverage ratios, collateral type and loan-to-value ratio.  The following table provides details of the Company s loan and lease portfolio, net of unearned income, by segment, class and internally assigned grade at   September 30  , 2016: 

70   

(1)   Impaired loans are shown exclusive of   accruing TDRs 

In the normal course of business, management becomes aware of possible credit problems in which borrowers exhibit potential for the inability to comply with the contractual terms of their loans and leases, but which currently do not yet meet the criteria for disclosure as NPLs.  However, based upon past experiences, some of these loans and leases with   potential weaknesses will ultimately be restructured or placed in non-accrual status.  At   September 30  , 2016  , the   Bank   had $  5.5   million   of   potential problem loans or leases or loans and leases with potential weaknesses that were not included in the non-accrual loans and leases or in the loans 90 days or more past due categories.  These loans or leases are included in the above rated categories.  Loans with identified weaknesses based upon analysis of the credit quality indicators are included in the loans 90 days or more past due category or in the non-accrual loan and lease category which would include impaired loans. 

The following table provides details regarding the aging of the Company s loan and lease portfolio, net of unearned income, by internally assigned grade at   September 30  , 2016: 

All loan grade categories increased at   September 30  , 2016 compared to December 31, 2015 with the exception of the Substandard and Impaired loan grade categories, which decreased   $7.2 million  , or   3.2  % and $  12.3   million, or   23.9  %, respectively, at   September 30  , 2016 compared to December 31, 2015.  Of the $  219  .9   million of Substandard loans and leases  ,    76.0  % remained current   as to scheduled repayment of princ  ipal and interest  , with only   8.3  % having outstanding balances that were 90 days or more past due at   September 30  , 2016.  Of the $  39.1   million of Impaired loans and leases,   60.1  % remained current as to scheduled repayment of principal and/or interest, with   34.4  % having   outstanding balances that were 90 days or more past due at   September 30  , 2016. 

Collateral for some of the Bank s loans and leases is subject to fair value evaluations that fluctuate with market conditions and other external factors.  In addition, while the Bank has certain underwriting obligations related  

71   

to such evaluations, the evaluations of some real property and other collateral are dependent upon third-party independent appraisers employed either by the Bank s customers or as independent contractors of the Bank.  During the current economic cycle, some subsequent fair value appraisals have reported lower values than were originally reported.  These declining collateral values could impact future losses and recoveries. 

The following table provides additional details related to the make-up of the Company s loan and lease portfolio, net of unearned income, and the distribution of NPLs at   September 30  , 2016: 

Securities 

The   Company uses the Bank s securities portfolios to make various term invest  ments, to provide a source of liquidity and to serve as collateral to secure certain types of deposits. Available-for-sale securities were $2.  5     billion   and $2.1 billion   at   September   30  , 2016   and December 31,   2015  ,    respectively.  Available-for-sale securities, which are subject to possible sale, are recorded at fair value.  At September 30, 2016, the Company held no securities whose decline in fair value was considered other than temporary. 

The following table shows the available-for-sale securities portfolio by credit rating as obtained from Moody s rating service as of   September 30  , 2016: 

Of the securities not rated by Moody s, bonds with a book value of $  59.1   million and a market value of $  63.1   million were rated A- or better by Standard and Poor s. 

72   

Goodwill 

The Company s policy is to assess goodwill for impairment at the reporting segment level on an annual basis or sooner if an event occurs or circumstances change which indicate that the fair value of a reporting segment is below its carrying amount.  Impairment is the condition that exists when the carrying amount of goodwill exceeds its implied fair value.  Accounting standards require management to estimate the fair value of each reporting segment in assessing impairment at least annually.  The Company s annual assessment date is during the Company s fourth   quarter  .    No events occurred during the   third quarter   of 2016 that indicated the necessity of an earlier goodwill impairment assessment.      

In the current environment, forecasting cash flows, credit losses and growth, in addition to valuing the Company s assets with any degree of assurance is very difficult and subject to significant changes over very short periods of time.  Management will continue to update its analysis as circumstances change.  As market conditions continue to be volatile and unpredictable, impairment of goodwill related to the Company s reporting segments may be necessary in future periods.    Goodwill   was $294.9 million and $291.5 million at   September 30  , 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.       

Other Real Estate Owned 

OREO totaled   $  11.4   million and    $  14.8   million   at   September 30  , 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.  OREO at   September 30  , 2016 had aggregate loan balances at the time of   foreclosure of $  23.9   million  .    OREO at December 31, 2015 had aggregate loan balances at the time of foreclosure of $37.5 million.  The following table presents the OREO by segment and class at   September 30  , 2016: 

Because of the relatively high number of the Bank s NPLs that have been determined to be collaterally dependent, management expects the resolution of a significant number of these loans to necessitate foreclosure proceedings resulting in further additions to   OREO.  While management expects future foreclosure activity in virtually all loan   categories, the magnitude of NPLs in the consumer mortgage  , commercial and industrial-owner occupied   and commercial real   estate portfolios at   September 30  , 2016   suggested that a majority of additions to OREO in the near-term might be from these categories. 

At the time of foreclosure, the fair value of construction, acquisition and development properties is typically determined by an appraisal performed by a third party appraiser holding professional certifications.  Such appraisals are then reviewed and evaluated by the Company s internal appraisal group.  A disposition value appraisal using a 180-360 day marketing period is typically ordered and the OREO is recorded at the time of foreclosure at its disposition value less estimated selling costs.  For residential subdivisions that are not completed, the appraisals reflect the uncompleted status of the subdivision. 

To attempt to ensure that OREO is carried at the lower of cost or fair value less estimated selling costs on an ongoing basis, new appraisals are obtained on at least an annual basis and the OREO carrying values are adjusted accordingly.  The type of appraisals typically used for these periodic reappraisals are  Restricted Use Appraisals,  meaning the appraisal is for client use only.   Other indications of fair value are also used to attempt to ensure that  

73   

OREO is carried at the lower of cost or fair value.  These include listing the property with a broker and acceptance of an offer to purchase from a third party.  If an OREO property is listed with a broker at an amount less than the current carrying value, the carrying value is immediately adjusted to reflect the list price less estimated selling costs and if an offer to purchase is accepted at a price less that the current carrying value, the carrying value is immediately adjusted to reflect that sales price, less estimated selling costs.  The majority of the properties in OREO are actively marketed using a combination of real estate brokers, bank staff who are familiar with the particular properties and/or third parties.   

Deposits and Other   Interest Bearing   Liabilities 

Deposits originating within the communities served by the Bank continue to be the Bank s primary source of funding its earning assets.  The Company has been able to compete effectively for deposits in its primary market areas, while continuing to manage the exposure to rising interest rates.  The dis  tribution and market share of deposits by type of deposit and by type of depositor are important considerations in the Company's assessment of the stability of its fund sources and its access to additional funds.  Furthermore, management shifts the mix and maturity of the deposits depending on economic conditions and loan and investment policies in an attempt, within set policies, to minimize cost and maximize net interest margin.   

The following table presents the Company s noninterest bearing, interest bearing, savings and other time deposits as of the dates indicated and the percentage change between dates: 

The   2.3  % increase in deposits at   September 30  , 2016 compared to December 31, 2015 was primarily a result of the increase in non  interest bearing   demand and savings deposits more than offsetting the decline in interest bearing demand deposits.        The average maturity of time deposits at   September 30  , 2016     was   19.1   months  , compared to 1  7.6   months at December 31,   2015  . 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

One of the Company's goals is to maintain adequate funds to meet increases in loan demand or any potential increase in the normal level of deposit withdrawals.  This goal is accomplished primarily by generating cash from the Bank s operating activities and maintaining sufficient short-term liquid assets.  These sources, coupled with a stable deposit base and a historically strong reputation in the capital markets, allow the Company to fund earning assets and maintain the availability of funds.  Management believes that the Bank s traditional sources of maturing loans and investment securities, sales of loans held for sale, cash from operating activities and a strong base of core deposits are adequate to meet the Company s liquidity needs for normal operations over both the short-term and the long-term.   

To provide additional liquidity, the Company utilizes short-term financing through the purchase of federal funds and securities sold under agreement to repurchase.  All securities sold under agreements to repurchase are accounted for as collateralized financing transactions and are recorded at the amounts at which the securities were acquired or sold plus accrued interest.  Further, the Company maintains a borrowing relationship with the FHLB which provides access to short-term and long-term borrowings.    The Company had no short-term borrowings   from the FHLB at   September 30  , 2016 and $62.0 million at December 31, 2015  .  The Company also has access to the Federal Reserve discount   window and other bank lines.  The Company had federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreement to repurchase of   $  469.  0 million   and   $405.9 million at   September 30  , 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.   

On August 8, 2013, the Company entered into a Credit Agreement with U.S. Bank National Association ( U.S. Bank ) as a lender and administrative agent, and First Tennessee Bank, National Association, as a lender.  The  

74   

Credit Agreement includes an unsecured revolving loan of up to $25.0 million that terminated and the outstanding balance of which was payable in full on August 8, 2015, which the Bank did not renew, and an unsecured multi-draw term loan of up to $60.0 million, which commitment terminated on February 28, 2014 and the outstanding balance of which is payable in full on August 8, 2018.  The proceeds from the term loan were used to repurchase trust preferred securities, and the proceeds from the revolving loan may have been used for working capital, capital expenditures and other lawful corporate purposes.  Borrowings under the Credit Agreement bear interest at a Eurocurrency or base rate plus, in each case, an applicable interest rate margin.   

The Company had long-term borrowings from U.S. Bank totaling $  33.5   million and $39.8 million at   September 30  , 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.  The Company also had long-term borrowings from the FHLB of $  5  30.0 million and $30.0 million at   September 30  , 2016 and December 31, 2015.   The Company has pledged eligible mortgage loans to secure the FHLB borrowings and had $3.  2   billion in additional borrowing capacity under the existing FHLB borrowing agreement at   September 30  , 2016.       

The Company   had non-binding federal funds borrowing arrangements with other   banks aggregating $  794  .0   million at   September 30  , 2016  .    The unencumbered fair value of the Company s federal government and government agencies securities portfolio may provide substantial additional liquidity.   

The ability of the Company to obtain funding from these or other sources could be negatively affected should the Company experience a substantial deterioration in its financial condition or its debt rating, or should the availability of short-term funding become restricted as a result of disruption in the financial markets.  Management does not anticipate any short- or long-term changes to its liquidity strategies and believes that the Company has ample sources to meet the liquidity challenges caused by current economic conditions.  The Company utilizes, among other tools, maturity gap tables, interest rate shock scenarios and an active asset and liability management committee to analyze, manage and plan asset growth and to assist in managing the Company s net interest margin and overall level of liquidity.   

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

In the ordinary course of business, the Company enters into various off-balance sheet commitments and other arrangements to extend credit that are not reflected in the consolidated balance sheets of the Company.  The business purpose of these off-balance sheet commitments is the routine extension of credit.  While most of the commitments to extend credit are made at variable rates, included in these commitments are forward commitments to fund individual fixed-rate mortgage loans.  Fixed-rate lending commitments expose the Company to risks associated with increases in interest rates.  As a method to manage these risks, the Company enters into forward commitments to sell individual fixed-rate mortgage loans.  The Company also faces the risk of deteriorating credit quality of borrowers to whom a commitment to extend credit has been made; however, no significant credit losses are expected from these commitments and arrangements. 

Regulatory Requirements for Capital 

The Company is required to comply with the risk   based capital guidelines established by the Federal Reserve.  These guidelines apply a variety of weighting factors that vary according to the level of risk associated with the assets.  Capital is measured in two  Tiers : Tier 1 consists of common shareholders  equity, qualifying non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock and minority interest in consolidated subsidiaries, less goodwill and certain other intangible assets; and Tier 2 consists of general allowance for losses on loans and leases,  hybrid  debt capital instruments and all or a portion of other subordinated capital debt, depending upon remaining term to maturity.   Common equity Tier 1 capital generally consist of common stock (plus related additional paid in capital) and retained earnings plus limited amounts of minority interest in the form of common stock, less goodwill and other specified intangible assets and other regulatory deductions.   Total capital is the sum of Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital.  The required minimum ratio levels to be considered  well capitalized  for the Company s Common equity Tier 1 capital, Tier 1 capital, total capital, as a percentage of total risk-adjusted assets, and Tier 1 leverage capital (Tier 1 capital divided by total assets, less goodwill)  are 6.5%, 8%, 10% and 5%, respectively.    The Company exceeded the required minimum levels for these ratios a  t    September 30  , 2016 and December 31, 2015 as follows: 

75   

The FDIC s capital   based supervisory system for insured financial in  stitutions categorizes the capital position for banks into five categories, ranging from  well capitalized  to  critically undercapitalized.   For a bank to be classified as  well capitalized,  the common equity Tier 1 capital, Tier 1 capital, total capital and leverage capital ratios must be at least 6.5%, 8%, 10% and 5%,   respectively.  The Bank met the criteria for the  well capitalized  category at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 as follows: 

Federal and state banking laws and regulations and state corporate laws restrict the amount of dividends that the Company may declare and pay. For example, under guidance issued by the Federal Reserve, as a bank holding company, the Company is required to consult with the Federal Reserve before declaring dividends and is to consider eliminating, deferring or reducing dividends if (i) the Company s net income available to shareholders for the past four quarters, net of dividends previously paid during that period, is not sufficient to fully fund the dividends, (ii) the Company s prospective rate of earnings retention is not consistent with its capital needs and overall current and prospective financial condition, or (iii) the Company will not meet, or is in danger of not meeting, its minimum regulatory capital adequacy ratios. 

Uses of Capital 

Subject to pre-approval of the Federal Reserve and other banking regulators, the Company may pursue acquisitions of depository institutions and businesses closely related to banking that further the Company s business strategies, including FDIC-assisted transactions.  Management anticipates that consideration for any transactions   other than FDIC-assisted transactions would include shares of the Company s common stock, cash or a combination thereof.   

On December   11, 2014, the Company announced a stock repurchase program whereby the Company   could   acquire up to an aggregate of 6% or 5,764,000 shares of its common stock in the open market at prevailing market prices or in privately negotiated transactions during the period between December 11, 2014 through November 30, 2016.  The extent and timing of any repurchases     depend  ed   on market conditions and other corporate, legal and regulatory considerations.  Repurchased shares   are   held as authorized but unissued shares.  These authorized but unissued shares   are   available for use in connection with the Company s stock option plans, other compensation programs, other transactions or for other corporate purposes as determined by the Company s Board of Directors.  On January 27, 2016, the Company announced this stock repurchase plan was terminated. At the time of termination, 2,882,000 shares had been repurchased under this program. 

On January 27, 2016, the Company announced a new stock repurchase program whereby the Company may acquire up to an aggregate of 7,000,000 shares of its common stock in the open market at prevailing market prices or in privately negotiated transactions during the period between January 27, 2016 through December 29, 2017. The extent and timing of any repurchases depend  s   on market conditions and other corporate, legal and regulatory considerations. Repurchased shares   are   held as authorized but unissued shares. These authorized but unissued shares   are   available for use in connection with the Company s stock option plans, other compensation programs, other  

76   

transactions or for other corporate purposes as determined by the Company s Board of Directors. At   September 30  , 2016,   551,519     shares had been repurchased under this program. 

The Company assumed $6.2 million in Junior Subordinated Debt Securities and the related $6.0 million in trust preferred securities pursuant to the merger on December 31, 2004 with Business Holding Corporation.  The Company also assumed $6.7 million in Junior Subordinated Debt Securities and the related $6.5 million in trust preferred securities pursuant to the merger on December 1, 2005 with American State Bank Corporation and $18.5 million in Junior Subordinated Debt Securities and the related $18.0 million in trust preferred securities pursuant to the merger on March 1, 2007 with City Bancorp.  The Company redeemed $8.25 million of the Junior Subordinated Debt Securities and $8.0 million of the related trust preferred securities assumed in the City Bancorp merger at par on January 8, 2014. The Company s remaining $23.2 million in assumed trust preferred securities qualify as Tier 1 capital at   September 30  , 2016 under Federal Reserve guidelines.  At   September 30  , 2016, the $23.2 million in assumed trust preferred securities were callable at the option of the Company upon obtaining approval of the Federal Reserve.       

Certain Litigation Contingencies 

The nature of the Company s business ordinarily results in a certain amount of claims, litigation, investigations and legal and administrative cases and proceedings. Although the Company and its subsidiaries have developed policies and procedures to minimize the impact of legal noncompliance and other disputes, and endeavored to provide reasonable insurance coverage, litigation and regulatory actions present an ongoing risk. 

The Company and its subsidiaries are engaged in lines of business that are heavily regulated and involve a large volume of financial transactions and potential transactions with numerous customers or applicants, and the Company is a public company with a large number of shareholders. From time to time, borrowers, customers, shareholders, former employees and other third parties have brought actions against the Company or its subsidiaries, in some cases claiming substantial damages. Financial services companies are subject to the risk of class action litigation and, from time to time, the Company and its subsidiaries are subject to such actions brought against it. Additionally, the Bank is, and management expects it to be, engaged in a number of foreclosure proceedings and other collection actions as part of its lending and leasing collections activities, which, from time to time, have resulted in counterclaims against the Bank. Various legal proceedings have arisen and may arise in the future out of claims against entities to which the Company is a successor as a result of business combinations. The Company and its subsidiaries may also be subject to enforcement actions by federal or state regulators, including the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Federal Reserve, the FDIC, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (the  CFPB ), the Department of Justice (the  DOJ ), state attorneys general and the Mississippi Department of Banking and Consumer Finance. 

When and as the Company determines it has meritorious defenses to the claims asserted, it vigorously defends against such claims. The Company will consider settlement of claims when, in management s judgment and in consultation with counsel, it is in the best interests of the Company to do so. 

The Company cannot predict with certainty the cost of defense, the cost of prosecution or the ultimate outcome of litigation and other proceedings filed by or against it, its directors, management or employees, including remedies or damage awards. On at least a quarterly basis, the Company assesses its liabilities and contingencies in connection with outstanding legal proceedings as well as certain threatened claims (which are not considered incidental to the ordinary conduct of the Company s business) utilizing the latest and most reliable information available. For matters where a loss is not probable or the amount of the loss cannot be estimated, no accrual is established. For matters where it is probable the Company will incur a loss and the amount can be reasonably estimated, the Company establishes an accrual for the loss. Once established, the accrual is adjusted periodically to reflect any relevant developments. The actual cost of any outstanding legal proceedings   and the potential loss  , however, may turn out to be substantially higher than the amount accrued. Further, the Company s insurance has deductibles and will likely not cover all such litigation, other proceedings or claims, or the costs of defense.  

While the final outcome of any legal proceedings is inherently uncertain, based on the information available, advice of counsel and available insurance coverage,   if applicable,   management believes that the litigation-related   expense of $8.5 million accrued   as of   September 30  , 2016, which excludes amounts reserved for regulatory settlement expenses discussed below, is adequate and that any incremental liability arising from the Company s legal proceedings and threatened claims, including the matters described herein and those otherwise arising in the ordinary course of business, will not have a material adverse effect on the Company's business or consolidated financial condition. It is possible, however, that future developments could result in an unfavorable outcome for or resolution of any one or more of the lawsuits in which the Company or its subsidiaries are defendants, which may be material to the Company s results of operations for a particular fiscal period or periods. 

77   

On January 5, 2016, the Bank entered into an agreement to settle a class action lawsuit filed on May 18, 2010 by an Arkansas customer of the Bank in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Florida. The suit challenged the manner in which overdraft fees were charged and the policies related to the posting order of debit card and ATM transactions. The suit also made a claim under Arkansas  consumer protection statute. The plaintiff was seeking to recover damages in an unspecified amount and equitable relief.  As a result of this agreement, the Company   recorded an expense of $16.5 million in   the fourth quarter of 2015, representing amounts to be paid in connection with the settlement  ,   net   of   amounts the Company had already accrued for this legal proceeding in previous periods.  The settlement was approved by the court on July 15, 2016.   Pursuant to the Court's order preliminarily approving the settlement, in the first quarter of 2016 the amounts accrued for settlement were paid into settlement escrow funds.  

On August 16, 2011, a shareholder filed a putative derivative action purportedly on behalf of the Company in the Circuit Court of Lee County, Mississippi, against certain current and past executive officers and members of the Board of Directors of the Company. The plaintiff in this shareholder derivative lawsuit asserted that the individual defendants violated their fiduciary duties by allegedly issuing materially false and misleading statements regarding the Company s business and financial results.  The plaintiff was seeking to recover alleged damages in an unspecified amount, equitable and/or injunctive relief, and attorneys  fees. A motion to dismiss filed by the defendants was granted by the Court on January 5, 2015, and the plaintiff filed a notice of appeal of that decision on February 2, 2015.  On April 14, 2016, the Mississippi Supreme Court upheld the lower Court s dismissal of the case against the Company, and the period for petitioning for a rehearing by the Mississippi Supreme Court elapsed   without it seeking rehearing  . 

On July 31, 2014, the Company  ,    its Chief Executive Officer   and   Chief Financial Officer were named in a purported class-action lawsuit filed in the U.S. District Court for the Middle District of Tennessee on behalf of certain purchasers of the Company s common stock.  The complaint   w  as subsequently amended to add the former President and Chief Operating Officer.    The complaint alleges that the defendants made misleading statements concerning the     Company s expectation that it would be able to close two merger transactions within a specified time period and the Company s compliance with certain Bank Secrecy Act and anti-money laundering requirements.  On July 10, 2015, the court granted in part and denied in part the defendants  motion to dismiss and dismissed the claims concerning the Company s expectations about the closing of the mergers  .    Class certification was granted on April 21, 2016, and a petition for immediate appeal of the class certification   was   filed and   was     granted  .     C  lass certification was vacated and the case was remanded to the District Court for further proceedings  .  The plaintiff seeks an unspecified amount of damages and awards of costs and attorneys  fees and such other equitable relief as the Court may deem just and proper.  At this stage of the lawsuit, management cannot determine the probability of an unfavorable outcome to the Company as it is uncertain whether class certification will be upheld and the exact amount of damages (should   the class   remain certified) is uncertain.  Although it is not possible to predict the ultimate resolution or financial liability with respect to the litigation, management is currently of the opinion that the outcome of this lawsuit will not have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, consolidated financial position or results of operations. 

On June 29, 2016, the Bank, the CFPB and the DOJ agreed to a settlement set forth in a consent order (the  Consent Order ) related to the joint investigation by the CFPB and the DOJ of the Bank s fair lending program during the period between January 1, 2011 and December 31, 2013.  The Consent Order was signed by the United States District Court for the Northern District of Mississippi (the  District Court ) on July 25, 2016.  In the first quarter of 2016, the Bank   reserved $13.8 million to cover costs related to this matter, $10.3 million of which was reflected as regulatory settlement expense and $3.5 million of which was included in other   noninterest expense.  The settlement of this matter did not have a material financial impact on   the second and     third quarter   2016 financial results.  For additional information regarding the terms of this settlement and the Consent Order, see the signed Consent Order and the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 29, 2016.   

78   

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

During the three months ended   September 30  , 2016, there   was no material change   in the Company s critical accounting policies and no significant change in the application of critical accounting policies as presented in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

ITEM 3.  QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

During the three months ended   September 30  , 2016, there   were no significant changes   to the quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risks presented in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

ITEM 4.  CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 

The Company, with the participation of its management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of its disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report.  Based upon that evaluation, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that,   as of the end of the period covered by this report  , the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the Company s filings under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and to ensure that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

There have been no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered by this report that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II 

OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 

The nature of the Company s business ordinarily results in a certain amount of claims, litigation, investigations and legal and administrative cases and proceedings. Although the Company and its subsidiaries have developed policies and procedures to minimize the impact of legal noncompliance and other disputes, and endeavored to provide reasonable insurance coverage, litigation and regulatory actions present an ongoing risk. 

The Company and its subsidiaries are engaged in lines of business that are heavily regulated and involve a large volume of financial transactions and potential transactions with numerous customers or applicants, and the Company is a public company with a large number of shareholders. From time to time, borrowers, customers, shareholders, former employees and other third parties have brought actions against the Company or its subsidiaries, in some cases claiming substantial damages. Financial services companies are subject to the risk of class action litigation and, from time to time, the Company and its subsidiaries are subject to such actions brought against it. Additionally, the Bank is, and management expects it to be, engaged in a number of foreclosure proceedings and other collection actions as part of its lending and leasing collections activities, which, from time to time, have resulted in counterclaims against the Bank. Various legal proceedings have arisen and may arise in the future out of claims against entities to which the Company is a successor as a result of business combinations. The Company and its subsidiaries may also be subject to enforcement actions by federal or state regulators, including the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Federal Reserve, the FDIC, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (the  CFPB ), the Department of Justice (the  DOJ ), state attorneys general and the Mississippi Department of Banking and Consumer Finance. 

When and as the Company determines it has meritorious defenses to the claims asserted, it vigorously defends against such claims. The Company will consider settlement of claims when, in management s judgment and in consultation with counsel, it is in the best interests of the Company to do so. 

79   

The Company cannot predict with certainty the cost of defense, the cost of prosecution or the ultimate outcome of litigation and other proceedings filed by or against it, its directors, management or employees, including remedies or damage awards. On at least a quarterly basis, the Company assesses its liabilities and contingencies in connection with outstanding legal proceedings as well as certain threatened claims (which are not considered incidental to the ordinary conduct of the Company s business) utilizing the latest and most reliable information available. For matters where a loss is not probable or the amount of the loss cannot be estimated, no accrual is established. For matters where it is probable the Company will incur a loss and the amount can be reasonably estimated, the Company establishes an accrual for the loss. Once established, the accrual is adjusted periodically to reflect any relevant developments. The actual cost of any outstanding legal proceedings   and the potential loss  , however, may turn out to be substantially higher than the amount accrued. Further, the Company s insurance has deductibles and will likely not cover all such litigation, other proceedings or claims, or the costs of defense.  

While the final outcome of any legal proceedings is inherently uncertain, based on the information available, advice of counsel and available insurance coverage,   if applicable,   management believes that the litigation-related   expense of $8.5 million accrued   as of   September 30  , 2016, which excludes amounts reserved for regulatory settlement expenses discussed below, is adequate and that any incremental liability arising from the Company s legal proceedings and threatened claims, including the matters described herein and those otherwise arising in the ordinary course of business, will not have a material adverse effect on the Company's business or consolidated financial condition. It is possible, however, that future developments could result in an unfavorable outcome for or resolution of any one or more of the lawsuits in which the Company or its subsidiaries are defendants, which may be material to the Company s results of operations for a particular fiscal period or periods. 

On January 5, 2016, the Bank entered into an agreement to settle a class action lawsuit filed on May 18, 2010 by an Arkansas customer of the Bank in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Florida. The suit challenged the manner in which overdraft fees were charged and the policies related to the posting order of debit card and ATM transactions. The suit also made a claim under Arkansas  consumer protection statute. The plaintiff was seeking to recover damages in an unspecified amount and equitable relief.  As a result of this agreement, the Company recorded an expense of $16.5 million in the fourth quarter of 2015, representing amounts to be paid in connection with the settlement  ,   net   of   amounts the Company had already accrued for this legal proceeding in previous periods.  The settlement was approved by the court on July 15, 2016.   Pursuant to the Court's order preliminarily approving the settlement, in the first quarter of 2016 the amounts accrued for settlement were paid into settlement escrow funds.  

On August 16, 2011, a shareholder filed a putative derivative action purportedly on behalf of the Company in the Circuit Court of Lee County, Mississippi, against certain current and past executive officers and members of the Board of Directors of the Company. The plaintiff in this shareholder derivative lawsuit asserted that the individual defendants violated their fiduciary duties by allegedly issuing materially false and misleading statements regarding the Company s business and financial results.  The plaintiff was seeking to recover alleged damages in an unspecified amount, equitable and/or injunctive relief, and attorneys  fees. A motion to dismiss filed by the defendants was granted by the Court on January 5, 2015, and the plaintiff filed a notice of appeal of that decision on February 2, 2015.  On April 14, 2016, the Mississippi Supreme Court upheld the lower Court s dismissal of the case against the Company, and the period for petitioning for a rehearing by the Mississippi Supreme Court elapsed   without it seeking rehearing  . 

On July 31, 2014, the Company  ,   its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer were named in a purported class-action lawsuit filed in the U.S. District Court for the Middle District of Tennessee on behalf of certain purchasers of the Company s common stock.  The complaint   w  as   subsequently amended to add the former President and Chief Operating Officer.    The complaint alleges that the defendants made misleading statements concerning the     Company s expectation that it would be able to close two merger transactions within a specified time period and the Company s compliance with certain Bank Secrecy Act and anti-money laundering requirements.  On July 10, 2015, the court granted in part and denied in part the defendants  motion to dismiss and dismissed the claims concerning the Company s expectations about the closing of the mergers  .    Class certification was granted on April 21, 2016, and a petition for immediate appeal of the class certification   was   filed   and was granted  .       C  lass certification was vacated and the case was remanded to the District Court for further proceedings.    The plaintiff seeks an unspecified amount of damages and awards of costs and attorneys  fees and such other equitable relief as the Court may deem just and proper.  At this stage of the lawsuit, management cannot determine the probability of an unfavorable outcome to the Company as it is uncertain whether class certification will be upheld and the exact amount of damages (should   the class   remain certified) is uncertain.  Although it is not possible to predict the ultimate resolution or financial liability with respect to the litigation, management is currently of the opinion that the outcome of this lawsuit will not have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, consolidated financial position or results of operations. 

On June 29, 2016, the Bank, the CFPB and the DOJ agreed to a settlement set forth in a consent order (the  Consent Order ) related to the joint investigation by the CFPB and the DOJ of the Bank s fair lending program during  

80   

the period between January 1, 2011 and December 31, 2013.  The Consent Order was signed by the United States District Court for the Northern District of Mississippi (the  District Court ) on July 25, 2016.  In the first quarter of 2016, the Bank reserved   $13.8 million to cover costs related to this matter, $10.3 million of which was reflected as regulatory settlement expense and $3.5 million of which   was included in other noninterest expense.  The settlement of this matter did not have a material financial impact on   the second and     third quarter   2016 financial results.  For additional information regarding the terms of this settlement and the Consent Order, see the signed Consent Order and the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 29, 2016.   

ITEM 1A.  RISK FACTORS 

There have been   no material changes   from the risk factors previously disclosed in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALE OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 

ITEM   5. OTHER INFORMATION 

Mergers with Ouachita Bancshares Corp. and Central Community Corporation 

For information regarding our respective mergers with Ouachita Bancshares Corp. and Central Community Corporation and their corresponding Agreements and Plans of Reorganization, see the Form 8-K filed on October 14, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference.  

Entry into Retirement and Consulting Agreement with W. James Threadgill, Jr.  

As previously reported in the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K that was filed with the SEC on October 14, 2016, W. James Threadgill, Jr., the Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Business Development Officer of the Company and the Bank informed the Company of his intention to retire effective as of January 2, 2017 (the  Retirement Date ).  In connection with Mr. Threadgill s planned retirement, the Company, the Bank, and Mr. Threadgill entered into a Retirement and Consulting Agreement (the  Agreement ) on November 4, 2016. Under the Agreement, Mr. Threadgill will provide consulting services after the Retirement Date in order to assist the Company  

81   

in transitioning his duties to   others  . The consulting  period will continue until December 31, 2019, subject to renewal. Mr. Threadgill will not spend more than 32 hours per month as a consultant under the Agreement. The Company will pay $1,000 per month for consulting services under the Agreement. Mr. Threadgill will be restricted from competing with the Company or any of its affiliates or soliciting any customers or employees of the Company or its affiliates during the period that he serves as a consultant and for a period of two years thereafter.  

The foregoing description of the Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Agreement, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10     to this   Quarterly   Report on Form 10-Q and is incorporated herein by reference.  Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Agreement. 

ITEM 6.  EXHIBITS 

(2)  

(a)  

Agreement and Plan of Reorganization, dated as of January 22, 2014, by and between BancorpSouth, Inc. and Central Community Corporation. (1)  

(b)  

Amendment  No. 1 to Agreement and Plan of Reorganization, dated July 21, 2014, by and between BancorpSouth, Inc. and Central Community Corporation. (2)  

(c)  

Amendment No. 2 to Agreement and Plan of Reorganization, dated June 30, 2015, by and between BancorpSouth, Inc. and Central Community Corporation. (3)  

(d)  

Amendment No. 3 to Agreement and Plan of Reorganization, dated October 13, 2016, by and between BancorpSouth, Inc. and Central Community Corporation. (4)  

(3)  

(a)  

Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation. (5)  

(b)  

Amended and Restated Bylaws. (5)  

(4)  

Specimen Common Stock Certificate. (6)  

(10)  

Retirement and Consulting Agreement, dated November 4, 2016, by and between BancorpSouth, Inc., BancorpSouth Bank and W. James Threadgill, Jr.    *  

(31.1)  

Certification of the Chief Executive Officer of BancorpSouth, Inc. pursuant to Rule 13a-14 or 15d-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.*  

(31.2)  

Certification of the Chief Financial Officer of BancorpSouth, Inc. pursuant to Rule 13a-14 or 15d-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.*  

(32.1)  

Certification of the Chief Executive Officer of BancorpSouth, Inc. pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.**  

(32.2)  

Certification of the Chief Financial Officer of BancorpSouth, Inc. pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.**  

(99.1)  

(a)  

Agreement and Plan of Reorganization, dated January 8, 2014, by and between BancorpSouth, Inc. and Ouachita Banc  s  hares Corp. (7)  

(b)  

Amendment No. 1 to Agreement and Plan of Reorganization, dated July 21, 2014, by and between BancorpSouth, Inc. and Ouachita   Bancshares   Corp. (8)  

(c)  

Amendment No. 2 to Agreement and Plan of Reorganization, dated June 30, 2015 by and between BancorpSouth, Inc. and Ou  a  chita Banc  s  hares Corp. (9)  

(d)  

Amendment No. 3 to Agreement and Plan of Reorganization, dated October 13, 2016 by and between BancorpSouth, Inc. and Ouachita Banc  s  hares Corp. (10)  

82   

83   

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

BancorpSouth, Inc.  

(Registrant)  

DATE  :    November 7  , 2016  

/s/ William L. Prater  

William L. Prater  

Senior Executive Vice President and  

Chief Financial Officer  

84   

INDEX TO EXHIBITS 

Exhibit No.   

Description  

(2)  

(a)  

Agreement and Plan of Reorganization, dated as of January 22, 2014, by and between BancorpSouth, Inc. and Central Community Corporation. (1)  

(b)  

Amendment  No. 1 to Agreement and Plan of Reorganization, dated July 21, 2014, by and between BancorpSouth, Inc. and Central Community Corporation. (2)  

(c)  

Amendment No. 2 to Agreement and Plan of Reorganization, dated June 30, 2015, by and between BancorpSouth, Inc. and Central Community Corporation. (3)  

(d)  

Amendment No. 3 to Agreement and Plan of Reorganization, dated October 13, 2016, by and between BancorpSouth, Inc. and Central Community Corporation. (4)  

(3)  

(a)  

Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation. (5)  

(b)  

Amended and Restated Bylaws. (5)  

(4)  

Specimen Common Stock Certificate. (6)  

(10)  

Retirement and Consulting Agreement, dated November 4, 2016, by and between BancorpSouth, Inc., BancorpSouth Bank and W. James Threadgill, Jr.    *  

(31.1)  

Certification of the Chief Executive Officer of BancorpSouth, Inc. pursuant to Rule 13a-14 or 15d-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.*  

(31.2)  

Certification of the Chief Financial Officer of BancorpSouth, Inc. pursuant to Rule 13a-14 or 15d-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.*  

(32.1)  

Certification of the Chief Executive Officer of BancorpSouth, Inc. pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.**  

(32.2)  

Certification of the Chief Financial Officer of BancorpSouth, Inc. pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.**  

(99.1)  

(a)  

Agreement and Plan of Reorganization, dated January 8, 2014, by and between BancorpSouth, Inc. and Ouachita Banc  s  hares Corp. (7)  

(b)  

Amendment No. 1 to Agreement and Plan of Reorganization, dated July 21, 2014, by and between BancorpSouth, Inc. and Ouachita Bancshares Corp. (8)  

(c)  

Amendment No. 2 to Agreement and Plan of Reorganization, dated June 30, 2015 by and between BancorpSouth, Inc. and Ou  a  chita Banc  s  hares Corp. (9)  

(d)  

Amendment No. 3 to Agreement and Plan of Reorganization, dated October 13, 2016 by and between BancorpSouth, Inc. and Ouachita Banc  s  hares Corp. (10)  

(101)  

Pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T, the following financial information from the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016, is formatted in XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language) interactive data files: (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, and December 31, 2015, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Income for the three-month and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the three-month and nine-month  periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, and (v) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, tagged as blocks of text.*  

____________________________   

(1)  

Filed as Annex A to the Company's registration statement on Form S-4 filed on February 28, 2014 (file number 333-194233) and incorporated by reference thereto.  

(2)  

Filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 24, 2014 (file number 1-12991) and incorporated by reference thereto.  

85   

86   

<EX-10>
 2
 c853-20160930xex10.htm
 EX-10

Exhibit 10

EXHIBIT 10 

RETIREMENT AND CONSULTING AGREEMENT 

This RETIREMENT AND CONSULTING AGREEMENT (the  Agreement ) is entered into on November 4, 2016, by and between BancorpSouth, Inc.,     a Mississippi corporation     (the "Company"), BancorpSouth Bank, a Mississippi chartered bank (the  Bank ), and   W. James Threadgill, Jr.  , a resident of Mississippi ("Executive"). The Company and the Bank are collectively referred to herein as  BancorpSouth.  

WHEREAS  , Executive is employed by the Bank and provides services to the Company as the Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Business Development Officer of BancorpSouth and has become eligible to retire from BancorpSouth under its retirement income benefit programs;   

WHEREAS,   the Executive has expressed a desire to retire effective January 2, 2017, and the parties further desire that the Executive continue to provide certain consulting services after retirement to BancorpSouth in order to assure an orderly transition of his duties and responsibilities to successors;  

WHEREAS  , the parties are entering into this Agreement to specify the following: (i) the date of Executive s retirement; (ii) certain additional consideration provided to the Executive; (iii) the terms of Executive s consulting services to BancorpSouth; (iv) Executive s agreement to be bound by certain restrictive covenants; and (v) a release and waiver of all claims by Executive based on his employment with the Bank; 

NOW, THEREFORE  , based on the foregoing premises and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereby agree: 

1. 

Retirement from Employment  .       

(a)      Retirement Date  . Executive's retirement from BancorpSouth is to be effective 5:00 p.m., Central Time, January 2, 2017 (the "  Retirement Date  "). As of the Retirement Date, Executive hereby agrees that he shall relinquish all positions which he then holds with BancorpSouth and any of its  Affiliates  (as defined below), including positions he holds as an officer or director. For purposes of this Agreement, an    Affiliate    is any business entity that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, either controls, or is controlled by, the Company or the Bank. 

(b)      Post-Retirement Consulting  . Following the Retirement Date, Executive will be available to BancorpSouth to provide consulting services under the terms provided in Section 3. The parties contemplate and intend that the amount of time expended by Executive under this consulting arrangement will be substantially less than the time expended as an officer of BancorpSouth and an employee of the Bank prior to the Retirement Date.  

2. 

Payments and Benefits.      

(a)      Wages and Expense Reimbursement  . Executive shall receive full payment of any remaining earned but unpaid wages and his accrued but unused vacation time (subject to BancorpSouth s vacation pay policy) through the Retirement Date, such amounts to be paid in cash in a single sum. Executive has presented or will present evidence of all expenditures that may be reimbursed under BancorpSouth s business expense reimbursement policy. BancorpSouth will provide full reimbursement of any such expenses that are outstanding within ten days of receipt of such evidence. 

(b)      BancorpSouth Benefits  . The parties acknowledge that Executive is participating in certain employee health, welfare, retirement and fringe benefit plans maintained by the Company or an Affiliate (collectively, the "Employee Plans"). Executive s rights under the Employee Plans upon retirement shall be determined under the terms of the Employee Plans. Executive s retirement on the Retirement Date is intended to be a separation from service under the Employee Plans. The waiver or settlement of rights herein are not intended to include a waiver of amounts due, payable or owing under the Employee Plans.  

(c)      Tax Withholdings  . The payments payable to the Executive under this Agreement are subject to reduction to satisfy any and all applicable standard federal, state and local withholding obligations and any other required withholdings.  

(d)      Executive Compensation Policy  . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, incentive compensation that has been awarded to Executive shall continue to be subject to recoupment pursuant to the terms of the Company s Executive Compensation Policy. 

3.    Consulting Services.   The Executive is hereby retained by BancorpSouth to provide personal consulting services for the period commencing immediately after the Retirement Date through December 31, 2019 (the  Consulting Period ). The Consulting Period may be extended or renewed for any additional period upon the mutual consent of the parties in writing. The Consulting Period may be terminated by either party by providing written notification to the other.  

(a)      Nature of Services  . Executive will consult with BancorpSouth in matters related to his former employment as the Chief Business Development Officer and the transition of his duties to the successor or successors identified by BancorpSouth. Such duties will include training and advising to assist a successor in becoming competent to manage the duties and responsibilities he has as Chief Business Development Officer. Executive shall not be required to perform services that are inconsistent with the services Executive provided during the term of his employment with BancorpSouth. 

(b)      Location and Availability  . Executive may reside wherever he chooses, without any restriction by BancorpSouth; however, Executive shall be available at reasonable times as reasonably needed for conferences, meetings and appearances during normal business hours, primarily at BancorpSouth s headquarter offices in Tupelo, Mississippi, after first being provided reasonable notice by BancorpSouth. During the Consulting Period, Executive may not expend more than 32 hours per month in performing services for BancorpSouth. Executive shall be free to pursue business opportunities and other activities that are consistent with his obligations in Section 4. 

(c)      Compensation  . Executive will be paid $1,000 per month for services performed during the Consulting Period. If Requested by BancorpSouth, Executive shall provide a periodic accounting of hours and services performed under this Agreement. BancorpSouth shall provide Executive with office space, equipment and administrative assistance that is reasonably needed for the performance of his duties hereunder. BancorpSouth shall pay for or reimburse Executive for reasonable expenses incurred in the performance of services during the Consulting Period in accordance with its business expense reimbursement policy as then in effect. 

3. 

Noncompetition  ; Confidential Information.     

(a)      Noncompetition.   Executive hereby covenants and agrees with BancorpSouth that beginning on the Retirement Date and for a period of two years after the termination of the Consulting Period (the  Restricted Period ), Executive will not directly or indirectly, in any capacity whatsoever, for Executive or for any other person, firm, corporation, association or other entity, as a partner, stockholder  

or otherwise: (i) operate, develop or own any interest (other than the ownership of less than 5% of the equity securities of a publicly-traded company) in, or be employed by or consult with, any business which has engaged or engages in activities in any county in any state in which the Company or any Affiliate has an office or in any county in any state where Executive, at the termination of the Consulting Period or for 12 months prior to such termination, performed services for the Company or any Affiliate or drew customers (hereinafter, the  Territory ) constituting or relating to the establishment, ownership, management or operation of a bank or financial services business or other related business (including without limitation, solicitation of banking, insurance or securities products and services) (a  Competing Business ); (ii) compete with the Company or its Affiliates in the operation or development of any Competing Business; (iii) engage in any business as or act as a financial services professional (including without limitation the profession of commercial banker), or provide consultation or other such services concerning financial services, either on Executive s own behalf or on behalf of any other person, firm or corporation in the Territory; (iv) call upon, communicate with an attempt to procure or otherwise attempt to procure, service or maintain, any financial services account with any known customer of the Company or its Affiliates; or (v) except as permitted under Section 6(c), disclose at any time any confidential or secret information concerning (A) the business, affairs or operations of the Company or its Affiliates, or (B) any marketing, sales, advertising or other concepts or plans of the Company or its Affiliates. 

(b)      Confidentiality.   As used herein,  Confidential Information  means all technical and business information (including financial statements and related books and records, personnel records, customer lists, arrangements with customers and suppliers, manuals and reports) of the Company and its Affiliates which is of a confidential and/or proprietary character and which was either developed by Executive (alone or with others) or to which Executive has had access during Executive s employment. Executive shall, both during and after Executive s employment with BancorpSouth, protect and maintain the confidential and/or propriety character of all Confidential Information. Executive shall not, during or after termination of Executive s employment or during or after termination of the Consulting Period, directly or indirectly, use or disclose any Confidential Information (for Executive or another), for so long as it shall remain proprietary or protectable as confidential, except as may be necessary for the performance of Executive s duties under this Agreement or permitted under Section 6(c). 

5.    Nonsolicitation.   

(a)      Customers.   During the Restricted Period, Executive will not, directly or indirectly, for himself or for another, in any manner whatsoever, procure, solicit, accept or aid another in the procurement, solicitation or acceptance of financial services business (including without limitation, solicitation of banking, insurance or securities products and services), and other related products marketed by the Company or its Affiliates, or make inquiries about any of those products from or to any person, firm, corporation or association which was at any time during the Restricted Period either doing business with the Company or any of its Affiliates, in the Territory (as hereinafter defined), or being actively solicited by the Company or any of its Affiliates during the 12 months prior to the termination of the Consulting Period and Executive directly or indirectly serviced or solicited such account or customer. 

(b)        Employees.   During the Restricted Period, Executive will not induce, attempt to induce, solicit, encourage, contact or discuss employment with any other employee of the Company or any of its Affiliates in an effort to induce such employee to terminate his or her employment with BancorpSouth. Executive also agrees not to disclose the identity of any other employee of BancorpSouth to any other Competing Business (as hereinafter defined) for purposes of recruiting or hiring away such employee. Executive agrees not to hire any prospective employee for a Competing Business if Executive knows or should have known that such prospect works for the Company or its Affiliates during the Restricted Period. 

(c)        Customer Lists.   Executive shall not during the Restricted Period disclose to any other person the names of the Company s or any of its Affiliates  customers, clients and the nature of their business with the Company or its Affiliates. 

6.    Enforcement  .   

(a)        Reasonableness of Restrictions.   Executive specifically acknowledges that the restrictions contained in Sections 4 and 5 as to time and manner of nonsolicitation, noncompetition and nondisclosure or use of Confidential Information are reasonable and necessary to protect the legitimate business interests of the Company and its Affiliates. 

(b)      Remedies.   Executive and BancorpSouth agree that Executive s breach of any of the provisions of Sections 4 and 5 of this Agreement will result in irreparable harm to BancorpSouth, that no adequate remedy at law is available, and that BancorpSouth shall be entitled to injunctive relief;   provided, however,   nothing herein shall prevent BancorpSouth from pursuing any other remedies at law or at equity available to it. Should a court of competent jurisdiction declare any of the covenants set forth in Sections 4 or 5 unenforceable, the court shall be empowered to modify or reform such covenants so as to provide relief reasonably necessary to protect the legitimate business interests of BancorpSouth and to award injunctive relief, or damages, or both, to which BancorpSouth may be entitled. If any provision of this Agreement is declared by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, BancorpSouth and Executive agree that such declaration shall not affect the validity of the other provisions of this Agreement. If any provision of this Agreement is capable of two constructions, one of which would render the provision void and the other of which would render the provision valid, then the provision shall have the construction which renders it valid. 

(c)      Non-Enforcement for Permitted Activities.   Nothing contained in this Agreement limits Executive s ability to file a charge or complaint with any federal, state or local governmental agency or commission ( Governmental Agencies ), as permitted under Securities and Exchange Commission Rule 21F-17, 17 C.F.R.  240.21F-17(a) ( Rule 21F-17 ). Executive acknowledges and understands that this Agreement does not limit his ability to communicate with any Governmental Agency or otherwise participate in any investigation or proceeding that may be conducted by any Government Agency, including providing documents or other information. BancorpSouth will take no enforcement action against Executive described in this Agreement in the event that Executive validly engages in the conduct described in Rule 21F-17. 

7.    Mutual Non-Disparagement.   Executive agrees that Executive will not intentionally make any disparaging or detrimental public comments about the Company, any of its officers, directors, employees, Affiliates or agents, nor will Executive authorize, encourage or participate with anyone on Executive s behalf to make such statements. In consideration of the foregoing, BancorpSouth will not authorize or direct any disparaging or detrimental public comments about Executive. Nothing in this Agreement shall preclude either party from fulfilling any duty or obligation that they may have at law; from responding to any subpoena or official inquiry from any court or government agency, including providing truthful testimony; providing documents subpoenaed or requested; or otherwise cooperating in good faith with any court proceeding or investigation; in the case of either BancorpSouth or the Executive, from taking any reasonable actions to enforce their respective rights under this Agreement; or, in the case of the Executive, from exercising rights that are described in Rule 21F-17. 

8.    Release and Waiver of Claims. 

(a)      Claims Released by Executive.   As of the date of the execution of this Agreement, in consideration of the payments, benefits, and other consideration provided to Executive under this Agreement, Executive hereby releases and forever discharges the Company and all of its Affiliates, each of their owners, officers, directors, employees, agents, stockholders, representatives, and their successors and assigns (each a    Company Entity    or, collectively, "  Company Entities  "), from any and all charges, complaints, obligations, liabilities, promises, agreements, rights, claims, debts, expenses or demands Executive now has or may have, arising at any time on or before the date hereof, based on his employment with the Bank or the termination of that employment or any positions, including directorships, with the Company or any of its Affiliates. This includes a release of any and all rights, claims or demands Executive has or may have, whether known or unknown, under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, which prohibits age discrimination in employment; Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, which prohibits discrimination in employment based on race, color, national origin, religion or sex; the Equal Pay Act, which prohibits paying men and women unequal pay for equal work; the Americans with Disabilities Act; the Family and Medical Leave Act; or under any other federal, state or local laws or regulations regarding employment or termination of employment. This also includes a release by Executive of any claims for wrongful discharge under any statute, rule, or regulation or under the common law. 

(b)      Review of Release.   By signing below, Executive hereby acknowledges and represents that he has been given 21 days to review and consider whether to sign this Agreement and has been advised by BancorpSouth to consult with an attorney and his personal advisors before doing so. Executive understands and agrees that by signing this Agreement, Executive gives up any and all rights Executive may have to recover damages against BancorpSouth or any other Company Entity, subject to the exception provided in Section 6(c). Executive hereby acknowledges that he is voluntarily entering into this Agreement of his own free will, free of any coercion, pressure or duress, that he understands the terms and conditions of this Agreement, and that he is knowingly releasing each of the Company Entities in accordance with the terms contained herein. Executive further acknowledges that he is receiving consideration under this Agreement beyond anything of value to which he is already entitled. 

(c)      Right of Revocation.   Executive acknowledges that he has been advised by BancorpSouth that he has seven days after signing this Agreement within which to revoke his signature, that neither BancorpSouth nor any other person is obligated to provide any benefits to him pursuant to the Agreement until eight days have passed, and then only if he has not revoked his signature. Any such revocation must be received by BancorpSouth within the seven day revocation period to be effective, and that such a revocation may only be sent by electronic delivery or facsimile to BancorpSouth, attention General Counsel. The parties agree that in the event Executive revokes his signature within such seven-day period, Executive s retirement shall remain effective on the Retirement Date but that this Agreement shall otherwise be void   ab initio  . 

(d)      Rights Not Released or Waived  . Notwithstanding the foregoing, by executing this Agreement, neither the Executive nor BancorpSouth will have relinquished his or its rights to enforce the provisions of this Agreement, the Employee Plans or the BancorpSouth, Inc. Long-Term Incentive Plan. 

(e)      Non-Admission  . The parties acknowledge that this Agreement does not constitute an admission by the Executive or BancorpSouth of any violation of any employment law, regulation, ordinance, or administrative procedure, or any other federal, state, or local law, common law, regulation or ordinance, liability for which is expressly denied. 

9.    Cooperation.   The parties recognize that Executive may be named as a defendant in legal actions with respect to his role as an officer of BancorpSouth. BancorpSouth shall continue to cover Executive under any director's and officer's liability insurance policy that it maintains with respect to such claims against Executive in such capacities for six years following the date hereof, which coverage shall be at the same level as provided by BancorpSouth  to its senior executives. Executive agrees that he will participate in, and cooperate with, such defense without additional compensation from BancorpSouth, provided, that BancorpSouth will reimburse Executive with respect to any expense incurred by Executive as the result of participating in, and cooperating with, such defense. Executive further agrees to provide his full cooperation with Company or any of the Company Entities in the defense or prosecution of one or more existing or future court actions, governmental investigations, arbitrations, mediations or other legal, equitable or business matters or proceedings which involve the Company Entities. Executive acknowledges and understands that his obligations of cooperation under this Section are not limited in time and may include, but shall not be limited to, the need for or availability for testimony in deposition, affidavit, trial, mediation or arbitration, as well as preparation for that testimony, and consultation for other business matters unrelated to litigation. Executive will be available at BancorpSouth s reasonable request for any meetings or conferences deemed necessary in preparation for the defense or prosecution of any such matters or proceedings.  

10.    Executive s Representations.   As a material inducement to BancorpSouth to enter into this Agreement, the Executive hereby makes the following representations: 

(a)      Document Review.   Executive has read all of the terms of this Agreement, including the fact that his employment relationship with BancorpSouth shall be permanently and irrevocably terminated as of the Retirement Date, other than with respect to the consulting services contemplated during the Consulting Period, and that this Agreement releases BancorpSouth and all Company Entities forever from any legal action arising from that employment relationship and the termination of that relationship. Executive acknowledges that he has been advised to seek legal advice and that he has signed this Agreement of his own free will and in exchange for the consideration to be given which is acknowledged to be adequate and satisfactory and in excess of anything he might be entitled otherwise to receive. Executive represents and warrants that he is competent to execute this Agreement. 

(b)      Covenant Not to Sue.   Except with respect to any activities that are protected under Rule 21F-17, Executive has not filed any complaints or charges against any Company Entity or insurers with any local, state or federal agency or court related to his employment with or retirement from BancorpSouth, and will not do so at any time hereafter. 

11.    Miscellaneous. 

(a)      Notices  . Any notice under this Agreement must be in writing and given by certified or registered mail, postage prepaid, addressed to the party or parties to be notified with return receipt requested, or by delivering the notice in person, to the relevant address set forth below, or to such other address as the recipient of such notice or communication has specified in writing to the other party hereto in accordance with this Section:  

If to BancorpSouth to:  

BancorpSouth, Inc. 

Chief Human Resource Officer 

One Mississippi Plaza 

Tupelo, MS 38804 

With a copy to: 

Waller Lansden Dortch   Davis   llp 

Attn: James B. Bristol 

511 Union Street, Suite 2700 

Nashville, TN 37219 

If to Executive, to: 

W. James Threadgill, Jr.  

3119 Plantation Circle   

Tupelo, MS 38804  

Notice to   Executive may be to the then-current address of Executive on the records of BancorpSouth. 

(b)      No Offset.     No payment under this Agreement will be subject to offset or reduction attributable to any amount Executive may owe to BancorpSouth or any other person, except as required by law.  

(c)      Entire Agreement.     The parties have executed this Agreement based upon the express terms and provisions set forth herein and have not relied on any communications or representations, oral or written, which are not set forth in this Agreement.   Except with respect to the Employee Plans, the Company s Executive Compensation Policy, and any other agreement specifically referenced herein, this Agreement sets forth the entire agreement between the parties hereto, and fully supersedes any and all prior agreements or understandings between the parties hereto pertaining to the subject matter hereof.  

(d)      Amendment.     This Agreement may be amended in writing at any time by BancorpSouth, provided that the Executive s written consent is required for any amendment that would diminish the benefits provided hereunder to Executive.  

(e)      Choice of Law.     This Agreement and the performance hereof will be construed and governed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Mississippi, without regard to its choice of law principles, except to the extent that federal law controls or preempts state law. Any litigation based hereon, or arising out of, under, or in connection with, this agreement, or any course of conduct, course of dealing, statements (whether oral or written) or actions of any party herein, shall be brought and maintained exclusively in the federal or state courts of the state of Mississippi that are located in Lee County, Mississippi. Each party hereby irrevocably consents to the service of process of any of the aforementioned courts in any such suit, action or proceeding by the mailing of copies thereof in accordance with Section 11(a).     

(f)      Successors and Assigns.     The obligations, duties and responsibilities of Executive under this Agreement are personal and shall not be assignable. In the event of Executive's death or disability, the release contained in this Agreement shall be binding on, and the terms of this Agreement shall be enforceable by, the Executive's estate, executors or legal representatives, provided that . BancorpSouth shall require any corporation, entity, individual or other person who is the successor (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation, reorganization, or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business or assets of the Company or the Bank to expressly assume and agree to perform all of the obligations of  

BancorpSouth under this Agreement. As used in this Agreement, the terms  Company,   Bank  and  BancorpSouth  shall mean the Company, the Bank and BancorpSouth as defined herein and any successor to their respective business and/or assets as aforesaid which assumes and agrees to perform this Agreement by operation of law, written agreement, or otherwise. 

(g)      Waiver of Provisions.     Any waiver of any terms and conditions hereof must be in writing and signed by the parties hereto. The waiver of any of the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall not be construed as a waiver of any subsequent breach of the same or any other terms and conditions hereof.  

(h)    Severability.     The provisions of this Agreement and the benefits and amounts payable hereunder shall be deemed severable, and if any portion shall be held invalid, illegal or enforceable for any reason, the remainder of this Agreement and/or benefit or payment shall be effective and binding upon the parties.  

(i)      Attorneys  Fees.   In the event BancorpSouth or Executive breaches any term or provision of this Agreement and the other party employs an attorney or attorneys to enforce the terms of this Agreement, then upon a finding by a court of competent jurisdiction, the breaching or defaulting party agrees to pay the other party the reasonable attorneys  fees and costs incurred to enforce this Agreement.  

(j)      Counterparts.     This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original, and all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument.  

[signature page follows] 

PLEASE READ CAREFULLY. THIS AGREEMENT INCLUDES A RELEASE OF ALL KNOWN AND UNKNOWN CLAIMS. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF  , the parties have executed this Agreement as of the date and year first above written. 

EXECUTIVE 

/  s/ W. James Threadgill, Jr.  

_______________________________________ 

W. James Threadgill, Jr. 

BANCORPSOUTH, INC. 

By:    _/s/ Cathy S. Freeman_________________ 

Its:    _SEVP   Chief Administrative Officer___ 

BANCORPSOUTH BANK 

By:    __/s/ Cathy S. Freeman_______________ 

Its:    _SEVP   Chief Administrative Officer __ 

</EX-10>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 c853-20160930xex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 311

EXHIBIT 31.1  

BANCORPSOUTH, INC. 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14 OR 15d-14 OF THE SECURITIES 

EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, James D. Rollins III, certify that: 

1.     I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of BancorpSouth, Inc.; 

2.     Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3.     Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4.     The registrant's other certifying officer  (s)   and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.     The registrant's other certifying officer  (s)   and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:       November 7  , 2016 

/s/ James D. Rollins III 

---------------------------- 

James D. Rollins III 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 c853-20160930xex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 312

EXHIBIT 31.2 

BANCORPSOUTH, INC. 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14 OR 15d-14 OF THE SECURITIES 

EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, William L. Prater, certify that: 

1.     I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of BancorpSouth, Inc.; 

2.     Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3.     Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4.     The registrant's other certifying officer  (s)   and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.      The registrant's other certifying officer  (s)   and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:          November 7  , 2016 

/s/ William L. Prater  

------------------------- 

William L. Prater 

Senior Executive Vice President   and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 c853-20160930xex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 321

EXHIBIT 32.1 

BANCORPSOUTH, INC.  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended   September    3  0  , 2016  , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), of BancorpSouth, Inc. (the  Company ), I, James D. Rollins III, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify,   in my capacity as an officer of the Company,   pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1)    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2)    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

November 7  , 2016  

/s/ James D. Rollins III  

James D. Rollins III  

Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 c853-20160930xex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

Exhibit 322

EXHIBIT 32.2 

BANCORPSOUTH, INC. 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended   September 30  , 2016  , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), of BancorpSouth, Inc. (the  Company ), I, William L. Prater, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify,   in my capacity as an officer of the Company,   pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1)    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2)    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

November 7  , 2016  

/s/ William L. Prater  

William L. Prater  

Senior Executive Vice President   and Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 c853-20160930.xml
 EX-101.INS

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 c853-20160930.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 c853-20160930_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 c853-20160930_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 c853-20160930_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 c853-20160930_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

