<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161104_10-Q_edgar_data_99302_0001206774-16-007501_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2451687</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>61327</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>144092</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>588955</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>988427</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>590526</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>34</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001206774-16-007501.hdr.sgml : 20161104
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161104160518
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001206774-16-007501
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		43
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160924
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161104
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161104

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TRANSCAT INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000099302
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INSTRUMENTS FOR MEAS & TESTING OF ELECTRICITY & ELEC SIGNALS [3825]
		IRS NUMBER:				160874418
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			OH
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-03905
		FILM NUMBER:		161975218

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		35 VANTAGE POINT DRIVE
		CITY:			ROCHESTER
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			14624
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5853527777

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		35 VANTAGE POINT DRIVE
		CITY:			ROCHESTER
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			14624

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TRANSMATION INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001206774-16-007501.txt : 20161104

10-Q
 1
 transcat3155761-10q.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

Table of
Contents    
   UNITED
STATES     SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549   
  ____________________  
   FORM 10-Q    
  
   For the transition period
from _______________ to _______________   
   Commission File Number:
000-03905    
   TRANSCAT,
INC.    (Exact name of registrant
as specified in its charter)   

Ohio   
       16-0874418    
   
      (State or other jurisdiction of  
      (I.R.S. Employer Identification
    No.)   
   
      incorporation or organization)  
          
   35 Vantage Point Drive,
Rochester, New York 14624    (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)   
   (585)
352-7777    (Registrant s
telephone number, including area code)   
  Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or
for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes [ ] No [  ]   
  Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web
site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted
pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for
such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such
files). Yes [ ] No [  ]   
  Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a
non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of
 large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.   

Large accelerated filer [  ]  
           
      Accelerated filer [  ]   
   
      Non-accelerated filer [  ] (Do not check if a smaller
      reporting company)  
      
      Smaller reporting company [ ]     
  Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act). Yes [  ] No [ ]   
  The number of shares of common
stock, par value $0.50 per share, of the registrant outstanding as
of November 2, 2016 was  7,011,132 .   

Table of
Contents    

Table of
Contents    
     PART I. FINANCIAL
INFORMATION   
     ITEM 1. CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    
     TRANSCAT,
INC.          CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME
    (In Thousands, Except Per
Share Amounts)   
  
  See accompanying notes to
consolidated financial statements.  
  
  1   

Table of
Contents    
     TRANSCAT, INC.
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
COMPREHENSIVE INCOME     (In
Thousands)   
  
  See accompanying notes to
consolidated financial statements.  
  
  2   

Table of
Contents    
     TRANSCAT, INC.
     CONSOLIDATED BALANCE
SHEETS     (In Thousands, Except
Share and Per Share Amounts)   
  
  See accompanying notes to
consolidated financial statements.  
    
  3   

Table of
Contents    
     TRANSCAT, INC.
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
CASH FLOWS     (In Thousands)

See accompanying notes to
consolidated financial statements.  
  4   

Table of
Contents    
     TRANSCAT, INC.
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
SHAREHOLDERS  EQUITY     (In
Thousands, Except Par Value Amounts) (Unaudited)   
  
  See accompanying notes to
consolidated financial statements.   
   
  5   

Table of
Contents    
     TRANSCAT, INC.
     NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    (In
Thousands, Except Per Share and Per Unit Amounts) (Unaudited)   
   NOTE 1   GENERAL
   
   Description of Business:
   Transcat, Inc. ( Transcat  or the
 Company ) is a leading provider of accredited calibration and laboratory
instrument services and a value-added distributor of professional grade test,
measurement and control instrumentation. The Company is focused on providing
services and products to highly regulated industries, particularly the life
science industry, which includes pharmaceutical, biotechnology, medical device
and other FDA-regulated businesses. Additional industries served include
industrial manufacturing; energy and utilities, including oil and gas; chemical
manufacturing; FAA-regulated businesses, including aerospace and defense; and
other industries that require accuracy in their processes, confirmation of the
capabilities of their equipment, and for which the risk of failure is very
costly.   
   Basis of Presentation:
   Transcat s unaudited Consolidated
Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States ( GAAP ) for interim financial
information and in accordance with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article
8-03 of Regulation S-X of the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ).
Accordingly, the Consolidated Financial Statements do not include all of the
information and footnotes required by GAAP for complete financial statements. In
the opinion of the Company s management, all adjustments considered necessary
for a fair presentation (consisting of normal recurring adjustments) have been
included. The results for the interim periods are not necessarily indicative of
what the results will be for the fiscal year. The accompanying Consolidated
Financial Statements should be read in conjunction with the audited Consolidated
Financial Statements as of and for the fiscal year ended March 26, 2016 ( fiscal
year 2016 ) contained in the Company s 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K filed
with the SEC.   
   Fair Value of Financial
Instruments:    Transcat has
determined the fair value of debt and other financial instruments using a
valuation hierarchy. The hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs used in
measuring fair value, consists of three levels. Level 1 uses observable inputs
such as quoted prices in active markets; Level 2 uses inputs other than quoted
prices in active markets that are either directly or indirectly observable; and
Level 3, which is defined as unobservable inputs in which little or no market
data exists, requires the Company to develop its own assumptions. The carrying
amount of debt on the Consolidated Balance Sheets approximates fair value due to
variable interest rate pricing, and the carrying amounts for cash, accounts
receivable and accounts payable approximate fair value due to their short-term
nature. Investment assets, which fund the Company s non-qualified deferred
compensation plan, consist of mutual funds and are valued based on Level 1
inputs. At September 24, 2016 and March 26, 2016, investment assets totaled $0.8
million and $0.7 million, respectively, and are included as a component of other
assets (non-current) on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.  
   Stock-Based Compensation:
   The Company measures the cost of
services received in exchange for all equity awards granted, including stock
options and restricted stock units, based on the fair market value of the award
as of the grant date. The Company records compensation expense related to
unvested equity awards by recognizing, on a straight-line basis, the unamortized
grant date fair value over the remaining service period of each award. Excess
tax benefits from the exercise of equity awards are presented in the
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows as a financing activity. Excess tax
benefits are realized benefits from tax deductions for exercised awards in
excess of the deferred tax asset attributable to stock-based compensation costs
for such awards. The Company did not capitalize any stock-based compensation
costs as part of an asset. The Company estimates forfeiture rates based on its
historical experience. During the first six months of the fiscal year ending
March 25, 2017 ( fiscal year 2017 ) and the first six months of fiscal year
2016, the Company recorded non-cash stock-based compensation expense of $0.3
million in the Consolidated Statements of Income.   
   Foreign Currency
Translation and Transactions:    The
accounts of Transcat Canada Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, are
maintained in the local currency and have been translated to U.S. dollars.
Accordingly, the amounts representing assets and liabilities have been
translated at the period-end rates of exchange and related revenue and expense
accounts have been translated at an average rate of exchange during the period.
Gains and losses arising from translation of Transcat Canada Inc. s financial
statements into U.S. dollars are recorded directly to the accumulated other
comprehensive loss component of shareholders  equity.   
  Transcat records foreign
currency gains and losses on its Canadian business transactions. The net foreign
currency loss was less than $0.1 million during the first six months of each of
fiscal years 2017 and 2016. The Company continually utilizes short-term foreign
exchange forward contracts to reduce the risk that its earnings will be
adversely affected by changes in currency exchange rates. The Company does not
apply hedge accounting and therefore the net change in the fair value of the
contracts, which totaled a gain of $0.1 million during the first six months of
fiscal year 2017 and a gain of $0.3 million during the first six months of
fiscal year 2016, was recognized as a component of other expense in the
Consolidated Statements of Income. The change in the fair value of the contracts
is offset by the change in fair value on the underlying accounts receivables
denominated in Canadian dollars being hedged. On September 24, 2016, the Company
had a foreign exchange contract, which matured in October 2016, outstanding in
the notional amount of $5.9 million. The foreign exchange contract was renewed
in October 2016 and continues to be in place. The Company does not use hedging
arrangements for speculative purposes.    
  6   

Table of
Contents    
   Earnings Per Share:
   Basic earnings per share of
common stock are computed based on the weighted average number of shares of
common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share of common
stock reflect the assumed conversion of stock options and unvested restricted
stock units using the treasury stock method in periods in which they have a
dilutive effect. In computing the per share effect of assumed conversion, funds
which would have been received from the exercise of options and unvested
restricted stock units and the related tax benefits are considered to have been
used to purchase shares of common stock at the average market prices during the
period, and the resulting net additional shares of common stock are included in
the calculation of average shares of common stock outstanding.       
  For the second quarters and
first six months of fiscal years 2017 and 2016, the net additional common stock
equivalents had a $0.01 effect on the calculation of dilutive earnings per
share. The average shares outstanding used to compute basic and diluted earnings
per share are as follows:   
  
   NOTE 2   LONG-TERM DEBT
   
   Description:
   Transcat, through its credit
agreement, as amended (the  Credit Agreement ), which matures September 20,
2018, has a revolving credit facility that allows for maximum borrowings of
$30.0 million (the  Revolving Credit Facility ) and a term loan. The Revolving
Credit Facility is subject to a maximum borrowing restriction based on a 3.0
multiple of earnings before income taxes, depreciation and amortization, and
non-cash stock-based compensation expense for the preceding four consecutive
fiscal quarters. As of September 24, 2016, $30.0 million was available under the
Revolving Credit Facility, of which $14.4 million was outstanding and included
in long-term debt on the Consolidated Balance Sheet.   
  Amendment 3 to the Credit
Agreement ( Amendment 3 ) set the limit of borrowings that may be used for
business acquisitions at $20.0 million for fiscal year 2017 and $15.0 million
for each fiscal year thereafter. During the first six months of fiscal year
2017, the Company used $7.3 million of borrowings for business acquisitions and
related payments.   
  Amendment 3 also provided the
Company with a $10.0 million term loan. As of September 24, 2016, $9.4 million
was outstanding on the term loan, of which $1.4 million was included in current
liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheet with the remainder included in
long-term debt. The term loan requires principal repayments of $0.1 million per
month plus interest. Total annual repayment amounts of $1.4 million are required
in fiscal years 2017 through 2021 with a $3.0 million repayment required in
fiscal year 2022. Amendment 3 also increased the allowable leverage ratio to a
maximum of 3.0 from 2.75.   
   Interest and Other Costs:
   Interest on the Revolving Credit
Facility and term loan accrues, at Transcat s election, at either the variable one-month
London Interbank Offered Rate ( LIBOR ) or a fixed rate for a
designated period at the LIBOR corresponding to such period, in each case, plus
a margin. Commitment fees accrue based on the average daily amount of unused
credit available on the Revolving Credit Facility. Interest rate margins and
commitment fees are determined on a quarterly basis based upon the Company s
calculated leverage ratio, as defined in the Credit Agreement. The one-month
LIBOR as of September 24, 2016 was 0.5%. The Company s interest rate for the
six months of fiscal year 2017 ranged from 2.5% to 2.9%.   
   Covenants:    The Credit Agreement has certain covenants with
which the Company has to comply, including a fixed charge coverage ratio
covenant and a leverage ratio covenant. The Company was in compliance with all
loan covenants and requirements during the second quarter of fiscal year 2017
and expects to remain in compliance throughout fiscal year 2017.  
  7   

Table of
Contents    
   NOTE 3   STOCK-BASED
COMPENSATION    
  The Transcat, Inc. 2003
Incentive Plan, as Amended and Restated (the  2003 Plan ), provides for, among
other awards, grants of restricted stock units and stock options to directors,
officers and key employees at the fair market value at the date of grant. At
September 24, 2016, 1.3 million shares were available for future grant under the
2003 Plan.  
   Restricted Stock Units:
   The Company grants
performance-based restricted stock units as a primary component of executive
compensation. The units generally vest following the third fiscal year from the
date of grant subject to certain cumulative diluted earnings per share growth
targets over the eligible period. Compensation cost ultimately recognized for
performance-based restricted stock units will equal the grant date fair market
value of the unit that coincides with the actual outcome of the performance
conditions. On an interim basis, the Company records compensation cost based on
the estimated level of achievement of the performance conditions.  
  The Company achieved 50% of
the target level for the performance-based restricted stock units granted in the
fiscal year ended March 29, 2014 and as a result, issued 50 shares of common
stock to executive officers and certain key employees during the first quarter
of fiscal year 2017. The following table summarizes the non-vested
performance-based restricted stock units outstanding as of September 24,
2016:  
  
  Total expense relating to
performance-based restricted stock units, based on grant date fair value and the
achievement criteria, was $0.3 million and $0.2 million, respectively in the
first six months of fiscal years 2017 and 2016. As of September 24, 2016,
unearned compensation to be recognized over the grants  respective service
periods totaled $1.1 million.   
   Stock Options:
   Options generally vest over a
period of up to four years, using either a graded schedule or on a straight-line
basis, and expire ten years from the date of grant. The expense relating to
options is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period
for the entire award.   
  The following table summarizes
the Company s options as of and for the first six months of fiscal year
2017:  
  
  The aggregate intrinsic value
in the table above represents the total pre-tax intrinsic value (the difference
between the Company s closing stock price on the last trading day of the second
quarter of fiscal year 2017 and the exercise price, multiplied by the number of
in-the-money stock options) that would have been received by the option holders
had all holders exercised their options on September 24, 2016. The amount of
aggregate intrinsic value will change based on the fair market value of the
Company s common stock.  
  Total expense related to stock
options was less than $0.1 million during each of the first six months of fiscal
years 2017 and 2016. Total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested
stock options as of September 24, 2016 was $0.1 million, which is expected to be
recognized over a weighted average period of one year. The aggregate intrinsic
value of stock options exercised in the first six months of fiscal year 2017 was
$0.1 million. Cash received from the exercise of options in the first six months
of fiscal year 2017 was $0.2 million.   
  8   

Table of
Contents    
   NOTE 4   SEGMENT
INFORMATION      
  Transcat has two reportable
segments: Distribution and Service. The Company has no inter-segment sales. The
following table presents segment information for the second quarter and first
six months of fiscal years 2017 and 2016:   

(1)   
             
      Operating expense allocations between segments were based on actual
      amounts, a percentage of revenues, headcount, and management s
      estimates.     
  9   

Table of
Contents    
   NOTE 5   BUSINESS
ACQUISITIONS    
  Transcat completed one
business acquisition during the first six months of fiscal year 2017 and three
business acquisitions during the first six months of fiscal year 2016.
  
  These transactions align with
the Company s acquisition strategy of targeting businesses that expand the
Company s geographic reach and leverage its infrastructure while also increasing
the depth and breadth of the Company s service capabilities. In addition,
Excalibur Engineering, Inc. ( Excalibur ), acquired in April 2016, provided an
established equipment rental and used equipment business, which are
complimentary to the Company s traditional Distribution segment
sales.  
  The Company accounts for
business acquisitions using the acquisition method of accounting. Goodwill,
calculated as the excess of the purchase price paid over the fair value of the
underlying net assets of the businesses acquired, generally represents expected
future economic benefits arising from the reputation of an acquired business,
the assembled workforce, expected synergies and other assets acquired that could
not be individually identified and separately recognized. Other intangible
assets, namely customer bases and covenants not to compete, represent an
allocation of a portion of the purchase price to identifiable intangible assets
of the acquired businesses. Excluding goodwill, intangible assets are being
amortized for financial reporting purposes on an accelerated basis over an
estimated useful life of up to 10 years. Amortization of goodwill related to the
Excalibur acquisition is expected to be deductible for tax purposes.  
  Of the goodwill and other
intangible assets relating to the Excalibur acquisition, $2.8 million was
allocated to the Service segment and $2.8 million was allocated to the
Distribution segment, based on quantitative and qualitative factors.   
  The total purchase price paid
for Excalibur was approximately $7.6 million, net of cash acquired. The
following is a summary of the preliminary purchase price allocation, in the
aggregate, to the fair value, based on Level 3 inputs, of assets and liabilities
acquired:   

Acquisition costs of $0.1
million and $0.2 million were recorded as incurred as administrative expenses in
the Consolidated Statements of Income during the first six months of fiscal
years 2017 and 2016, respectively.   
  Certain of the Company s
acquisition agreements have included provisions for contingent consideration and
other holdback amounts. The Company accrues for contingent consideration and
holdback provisions based on their estimated fair value at the date of
acquisition. As of September 24, 2016, $0.5 million of contingent consideration
and $2.3 million of other holdback amounts were unpaid and reflected in current
liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of March 26, 2016, $0.8
million of contingent consideration and $1.6 million of other holdback amounts
were unpaid and reflected in current liabilities on the Consolidated Balance
Sheets. Included in the other holdback amounts at September 24, 2016 is $0.7
million related to the acquisition of Excalibur. $0.3 million of contingent  consideration and
holdback amounts related to acquisitions completed in prior
fiscal years were paid during the first six months of fiscal year 2017.
  
  The results of the acquired
businesses are included in Transcat s consolidated operating results as of the
dates the businesses were acquired. The following unaudited pro forma
information presents the Company s results of operations as if the acquisitions
made during fiscal years 2016 and 2017 had occurred at the beginning of the
respective fiscal years. The pro forma results do not purport to represent what
the Company s results of operations actually would have been if the transactions
had occurred at the beginning of each period presented or what the Company s
operating results will be in future periods.  
  10   

Table of
Contents    

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
   
   Forward-Looking Statements.
   This report contains
 forward-looking statements  within the meaning of the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements relate to
expectations, estimates, beliefs, assumptions and predictions of future events
and are identified by words such as  anticipates,   believes,   estimates, 
 expects,   projects,   intends,   could,   may  and other similar words.
Forward-looking statements are not statements of historical fact and thus are
subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual
results to differ materially from historical results or those expressed in such
forward-looking statements. You should evaluate forward-looking statements in
light of important risk factors and uncertainties that may affect our operating
and financial results and our ability to achieve our financial objectives. These
factors include, but are not limited to, our reliance on one vendor to supply a
significant amount of inventory purchases, the risks related to current and
future indebtedness, the relatively low trading volume of our common stock,
risks related to our acquisition strategy and the integration of the businesses
we acquire, the impact of economic conditions, volatility in the oil and gas
industry, the highly competitive nature of our two business segments, foreign
currency rate fluctuations and cybersecurity risks. These risk factors and
uncertainties are more fully described by us under the heading  Risk Factors  in
our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 26, 2016. You should
not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. Except as required
by law, we undertake no obligation to update or publicly announce any revisions
to any of the forward-looking statements contained in this report, whether as a
result of new information, future events or otherwise.   
   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING
POLICIES AND ESTIMATES   
  There have been no material
changes to our critical accounting policies and estimates from the information
provided in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 26,
2016.   
   RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
   
  During our second quarter of
fiscal year 2017, we achieved record quarterly revenue of $34.5 million. Revenue
growth in the quarter was the result of growth in both of our business segments.
Sales in our Distribution segment rebounded from challenging market conditions
with 14.7% growth in the quarter. Year-over-year Distribution sales growth was
primarily driven by incremental sales from Excalibur s used equipment and
equipment rental business, growth in our equipment rental business and increased
demand from customers in alternative energy markets. Our Service segment
revenue grew 19.4% when compared to the second quarter of fiscal year 2016 and
was driven by increased revenue from our traditional customer base and
incremental sales from recent acquisitions. Service segment operating income performance was
negatively affected by softness in the Canadian market, particularly the
Canadian aerospace sector, and by an increased
allocation of general and administrative costs and increased selling expenses. Total revenue increased $5.0
million in the second quarter of fiscal year 2017, a 17.0% improvement over the
second quarter of fiscal year 2016.  
  Gross profit improvements combined with management's cost controls helped to offset increased selling, marketing and warehouse expenses, resulting in a 15.2% increase in operating income in the second quarter of fiscal year 2017 compared to the second quarter of fiscal year 2016.  
  11   

Table of Contents    
  The following table presents,
for the second quarter and first six months of fiscal years 2017 and 2016, the
components of our Consolidated Statements of Income:  
  
    SECOND QUARTER ENDED
SEPTEMBER 24, 2016 COMPARED TO SECOND QUARTER ENDED SEPTEMBER 26,
2015      (dollars in
thousands):   
  
  Service revenue, which
accounted for 49.1% and 48.1% of our total revenue in the second quarter of
fiscal years 2017 and 2016, respectively, increased 19.4% from the second
quarter of fiscal year 2016 to the second quarter of fiscal year 2017. This
year-over-year increase in Service revenue was driven by the combination of
organic and acquisition-related growth.  
  Our fiscal years 2017 and 2016
Service revenue growth, in relation to prior fiscal year quarter comparisons,
was as follows:   
  
  12   

Table of Contents    
  Within any year, while we add
new customers, we also have customers from the prior year whose service orders
may not repeat for any number of factors. Among those factors are variations in
the timing of periodic calibrations and other services, customer capital
expenditures and customer outsourcing decisions. Because the timing of Service
segment orders can vary on a quarter-to-quarter basis, we believe a trailing
twelve-month trend provides a better indication of the progress of this segment.
The following table presents the trailing twelve-month Service segment revenue
for each quarter in fiscal years 2017 and 2016 as well as the trailing
twelve-month revenue growth as a comparison to that of the prior fiscal year
period:  
  
  Our strategy has been to focus
our investments in the core electrical, temperature, pressure,
physical/dimensional and radio frequency/microwave disciplines. We expect to
subcontract approximately 15% of our Service revenue to third-party
vendors for calibration beyond our chosen scope of capabilities. During any
individual quarter, we could fluctuate beyond these percentages. We continually
evaluate our outsourcing needs and make capital investments, as deemed
necessary, to add more in-house capabilities and reduce the need for third-party
vendors. Capability expansion through business acquisitions is another way that
we seek to reduce the need for outsourcing. The following table presents the
source of our Service revenue and the percentage of Service revenue derived from
each source for each quarter during fiscal years 2017 and 2016:   
  
  Our Distribution sales
accounted for 50.9% of our total revenue in the second quarter of fiscal year
2017 and 51.9% of our total revenue in the second quarter of fiscal year 2016.
During the second quarter of fiscal year 2017, a combination of growth of our
equipment rental business, increased demand from alternative energy markets and
incremental sales from our recent business acquisitions, particularly Excalibur
and its used equipment sales, helped to drive year-over-year growth in this
segment. Our fiscal years 2017 and 2016 Distribution sales growth (decline), in
relation to prior fiscal year quarter comparisons, was as follows:   
  
  Distribution orders include
orders for instruments that we routinely stock in our inventory, customized
products and other products ordered less frequently, which we do not stock.
Pending product shipments are primarily backorders but also include products
that are requested to be calibrated in our service centers prior to shipment,
orders required by the customer to be shipped complete or at a future date, and
other orders awaiting final credit or management review prior to shipment. Our
total pending product shipments at the end of the second quarter of fiscal year
2017 were $3.5 million, an increase of $0.4 million from the second quarter of
fiscal year 2016. The following table presents our total pending product
shipments and the percentage of total pending product shipments that were
backorders at the end of each quarter of fiscal years 2017 and 2016:

13   

Table of Contents    
   Gross Profit:

The year-over-year improvement
in total gross profit was a direct result of increased revenue in both business segments.
Total gross margin was 23.3% in the second quarter of fiscal year 2017, a 40
basis point improvement from the second quarter of fiscal year 2016. This
increase was positively impacted by an improved mix of products and services
sold.  
  Service gross profit in the
second quarter of fiscal year 2017 increased $0.7 million, or 19.6%, from the
second quarter of fiscal year 2016. Service segment revenue growth from our
recent business acquisitions, while providing a base for future organic revenue
growth, may moderate or reduce our gross margins as we acquire additional fixed
costs. The mix of services provided to customers may also affect gross margins
in any given period. Service gross margin was 24.4% in the second quarter of
fiscal year 2017, consistent with the second quarter of fiscal year 2016.
  
  The following table presents
the quarterly historical trend of our Service gross margin as a percent of
Service revenue:   
  
  Our Distribution gross margin
includes net sales less the direct cost of inventory sold and the direct costs
of equipment rental revenues, primarily depreciation expense for the fixed
assets in our rental equipment pool, as well as the impact of rebates and
cooperative advertising income we receive from vendors, freight billed to
customers, freight expenses and direct shipping costs. In general, our
Distribution gross margin can vary based upon the mix of products sold, price
discounting, and the timing of periodic vendor rebates and cooperative
advertising programs from suppliers.  
  The following table reflects
the quarterly historical trend of our Distribution gross margin as a percent of
Distribution sales:   
  
  Distribution segment gross
margin improved 80 basis points in the second quarter of fiscal year 2017
compared to the second quarter of fiscal year 2016. Improvements in gross margin
were driven by increased sales in our higher-margin equipment rental business
and an improved customer mix, which for us means a higher percentage of total
sales to end user customers and reduction in sales to wholesale or intermediary
reseller type customers.  
   Operating Expenses:

The year-over-year increase in
operating expenses was primarily due to incremental selling, marketing and
warehouse expenses associated with our recent business acquisitions. As a
percentage of total revenue, operating expenses were 18.7% in the second quarter
of fiscal year 2017 and 18.3% in the second quarter of fiscal year
2016.         
  14   

Table of Contents    
   Income Taxes:

Our effective tax rates for
the second quarter of fiscal years 2017 and 2016 were 35.4% and 34.2%,
respectively. Changes in our effective tax rate generally reflects changes in
the mix of taxable income between the U.S. and Canada as well as the
availability of federal and state research and development tax credits. We
continue to evaluate our tax provision on a quarterly basis and make
adjustments, as deemed necessary, to our effective tax rate given changes in
facts and circumstances expected for the entire fiscal year. We expect our total
fiscal year 2017 effective tax rate to be approximately 34.0% to 36.0%.  
    SIX MONTHS ENDED
SEPTEMBER 24, 2016 COMPARED TO SIX MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 26,
2015      (dollars in
thousands):   
   Revenue:    
  
  Service revenue, which
accounted for 50.5% of our total revenue during the first six months of fiscal
year 2017 and 46.9% of our total revenue during the first six months of fiscal
year 2016, increased $6.4 million, or 23.1%, from the first six months of fiscal
year 2016 to the first six months of fiscal year 2017. The year-over-year
increase was driven by a combination of organic and acquisition-related growth.
  
  Our Distribution sales
accounted for 49.5% and 53.1% of our total revenue in the first six months of
fiscal years 2017 and 2016, respectively. For the first six months of fiscal
year 2017, Distribution sales increased $2.1 million, or 6.6%, compared to the
first six months of fiscal year 2016. This year-over-year increase in sales was
primarily due to a combination of growth in our equipment rental business and
incremental sales from our recent business acquisitions.  
     Gross Profit:      
  
  Total gross margin increased
80 basis points to 24.1% of total revenue in the first six months of fiscal year
2017 compared to 23.3% in the first six months of fiscal year 2016. The
year-over-year increase in gross margin was driven by leverage from increased
Service segment revenue and improved mix of products and services
sold.  
  15   

Table of Contents    
   Operating Expenses:

The year-over-year increase in
operating expenses was primarily due to increased selling, marketing and
warehouse expenses, primarily resulting from our recent acquisitions.
Particularly, the acquisition of Excalibur added incremental selling and
warehouse costs associated with its equipment rental and used equipment sales.
In addition, the customer base acquired as part of the Excalibur acquisition is
being amortized to selling expense at a more accelerated rate than has been
typical for prior recent acquisitions as Excalibur s customer base is different
than the primarily Service segment oriented customer bases we have acquired in
other recent acquisitions. As a percentage of total revenue, operating expenses
during the first six months of fiscal year 2017 were 19.6%, compared to 19.2% in
the first six months of fiscal year 2016.   
   Taxes:    
  
  Our effective tax rates for
the first six months of fiscal years 2017 and 2016 were 34.9% and 34.7%,
respectively. We continue to evaluate our tax provision on a quarterly basis and
make adjustments, as deemed necessary, to our effective tax rate given changes
in facts and circumstances expected for the entire fiscal year.   
   Adjusted EBITDA:
   
  In addition to reporting net
income, a U.S. generally accepted accounting principle ( GAAP ) measure, we
present Adjusted EBITDA (earnings before interest, income taxes, depreciation
and amortization, and non-cash stock compensation expense), which is a non-GAAP
measure. Our management believes Adjusted EBITDA is an important measure of our
operating performance because it allows management, investors and others to
evaluate and compare the performance of its core operations from period to
period by removing the impact of the capital structure (interest), tangible and
intangible asset base (depreciation and amortization), taxes, and stock-based
compensation expense, which is not always commensurate with the reporting period
in which it is included. As such, our management uses Adjusted EBITDA as a
measure of performance when evaluating our business segments and as a basis for
planning and forecasting. Adjusted EBITDA is also commonly used by rating
agencies, lenders and other parties to evaluate our credit worthiness.
  
  Adjusted EBITDA is not a
measure of financial performance under GAAP and is not calculated through the
application of GAAP. As such, it should not be considered as a substitute or
alternative for the GAAP measure of net income and, therefore, should not be
used in isolation of, but in conjunction with, the GAAP measure. Adjusted
EBITDA, as presented, may produce results that vary from the GAAP measure and
may not be comparable to a similarly defined non-GAAP measure used by other
companies.  

16   

Table of Contents    
  As a percentage of revenue,
Adjusted EBITDA was 9.5% for the first six months of fiscal year 2017 and 7.4%
for the first six months of fiscal year 2016. During the first six months of
fiscal year 2017, Adjusted EBITDA increased $2.0 million   compared to the first six
months of fiscal year 2016. The difference between the increase in Adjusted
EBITDA and increase in net income during the first six months of fiscal year
2017 largely reflects an increase in depreciation and amortization, driven
primarily by depreciation and amortization of assets acquired in business
acquisitions.   
   Net Income:    
  
  Improved gross profit
combined with management s
cost controls offset increased selling, marketing and warehouse expenses, resulting in a 17.0% improvement in net income
during the first six months of fiscal year 2017
when compared to the first six months of fiscal year 2016. As a percentage of
revenue, net income was 2.6% during the first six months of fiscal year 2017 and
2.5% during the first six months of fiscal year 2016.  
   LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL
RESOURCES    
  Through our credit agreement,
as amended, (the  Credit Agreement ) which matures on September 20, 2018, we
have a revolving credit facility (the  Revolving Credit Facility ). The
Revolving Credit Facility allows for maximum borrowings of $30.0 million and
limits the amount of borrowings that may be used for business
acquisitions.       
  The Revolving Credit Facility
is subject to a maximum borrowing restriction based on a 3.00 multiple of
earnings before interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization, and
non-cash stock-based compensation expense for the preceding four consecutive
fiscal quarters. As of September 24, 2016, $30.0 million was available under the
Revolving Credit Facility, of which $15.6 million was unused and available to be
borrowed.  
  The Credit Agreement has
certain covenants with which we have to comply, including a fixed charge
coverage ratio covenant and a leverage ratio covenant. We were in compliance
with all loan covenants and requirements during the first six months of fiscal
year 2017, and we expect to remain in compliance with all covenants throughout
the remainder of fiscal year 2017.  
  During fiscal year 2016, we
entered into Amendment 3 to the Credit Agreement ( Amendment 3 ). Amendment 3
set the limit of borrowings that may be used for business acquisitions at $20.0
million for fiscal year 2017 and $15.0 million for each fiscal year thereafter.
Amendment 3 also provided us with a $10.0 million term loan. The term loan
requires principal repayments of $0.1 million per month plus interest in fiscal
years 2017 through 2021 and a $3.0 million repayment required in fiscal year
2022. Amendment 3 also increased the allowable leverage ratio to a maximum of
3.0 from 2.75.       
   Cash Flows:
   The following table is a summary
of our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows:   

Operating
Activities   : Net cash provided by
operating activities was $5.0 million during the first six months of fiscal year
2017 compared to $5.3 million during the first six months of fiscal year 2016.
Significant working capital fluctuations were as follows:  

Receivables: Accounts receivable increased by a net amount of $0.9
      million during the first six months of fiscal year 2017, inclusive of $0.9
      million of accounts receivable acquired as part of the assets acquired
      during our business acquisition completed within the period. Excluding
      acquired accounts receivable, there would be no change. During the first
      six months of fiscal year 2016, accounts receivable decreased by $1.9
      million, providing an increase in working capital. The year-over-year
      variation reflects changes in the timing of collections. The following
      table illustrates our days sales outstanding as of September 24, 2016 and
      September 26, 2015:      

17   

Table of Contents    

Inventory:
      Our inventory strategy includes making appropriate large quantity, high
      dollar purchases with key manufacturers for various reasons, including
      maximizing on-hand availability of key products, expanding the number of
      SKU s stocked in anticipation of customer demand, reducing backorders for
      products with long lead times and optimizing vendor volume discounts. As a
      result, inventory levels may vary from quarter-to-quarter based on the
      timing of these large orders in relation to our quarter end. Our inventory
      balance increased $1.0 million during the first six months of fiscal year
      2017, inclusive of $0.1 million in inventory acquired as part of the
      Excalibur acquisition. Inventory decreased $0.5 million during the first
      six months of fiscal year 2016. The year-over-year change represents
      timing of strategic purchases in fiscal year 2017 and a small reduction in
      on-hand inventory in fiscal year 2016, in response to reduced demand in
      our Distribution segment during fiscal year 2016.    

Accounts
      Payable: Changes in accounts payable may or may not correlate with changes
      in inventory balances at any given quarter end due to the timing of vendor
      payments for inventory, as well as the timing of payments to outsourced
      Service vendors and capital expenditures. Accounts payable increased $2.3
      million during the first six months of fiscal year 2017, largely due to
      the timing of inventory and other payments and is inclusive of the
      addition of $0.4 million in accounts payable acquired as part of a
      business acquisition completed during the period. Accounts payable
      increased by $0.7 million during the first six months of fiscal year
      2016.   

Income
      Taxes Payable: In any given period, net working capital may be affected by
      the timing and amount of income tax payments. During the first six months
      of fiscal year 2017, income taxes payable increased by $0.3 million
      whereas in the first six months of fiscal year 2016, income taxes payable
      were unchanged. The year-over-year difference is due to timing of income
      tax payments.    
   Investing Activities:
   During the first six months of
fiscal year 2017, we invested $2.5 million in capital expenditures, primarily
for expanded Service segment capabilities and rental assets. During the first
six months of fiscal year 2016, we invested $2.7 million in capital
expenditures, primarily for additional Service segment capabilities and
information technology improvements. During the first six months of fiscal year
2017, we used $7.0 million for a business acquisition, compared with $2.9
million used for business acquisitions during the first six months of fiscal
year 2016.   
   Financing
Activities   :   During the first six months of fiscal year 2017,
we received $10.0 million in proceeds from a term loan and used approximately
$4.7 million in cash for repayment of our Revolving Credit Facility and $0.6
million in cash for repayment of our term loan. During the first six months of
fiscal year 2016, $0.2 million in cash was used for repayments of our Revolving
Credit Facility.   
   OUTLOOK    
  We believe we are building
momentum in fiscal 2017 as demonstrated by our results for the second quarter.
Our Service segment continues to show steady progress with revenue growth from
both organic initiatives, particularly related to life sciences, and recent
acquisitions. We expect Service segment margins to improve over time as our
actions to integrate recent acquisitions and capture operational synergies take
hold. We are pleased with the positive traction in Distribution as that
segment s revenue improved during the first six months of fiscal year
2017.  
  We continue to be pleased with
our recent acquisitions and how they position our Company for growth in revenue
and profitability as we further integrate them and drive sales and cost
synergies. Organic growth will also continue to be a focus throughout the
remainder of fiscal year 2017, and we are encouraged by the opportunities in
front of us.  
  We anticipate solid results
for our fiscal third quarter, though on a comparative basis they will be
somewhat muted given that our fiscal year 2016 third quarter benefited from
performance-based compensation expense adjustments. For our fourth quarter and
full fiscal year period, we expect strong consolidated results.   
  18   

Table of Contents    
     ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND
QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK    
   INTEREST RATES    
  Our exposure to changes in
interest rates results from our borrowing activities. In the event interest
rates were to move by 1%, our yearly interest expense would increase or decrease
by approximately $0.2 million assuming our average borrowing levels remained
constant. As of September 24, 2016, $30.0 million was available under our
Revolving Credit Facility, of which $14.4 million was outstanding and included
in long-term debt on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. As described above under
 Liquidity and Capital Resources , we also have a $10.0 million term loan. The
term loan is considered a LIBOR loan. As of September 24, 2016, $9.4 million was
outstanding on the term loan and was included in long-term debt and current
portion of long term debt on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The term loan
requires principal repayments of $0.1 million per month plus
interest.  
  We borrow from our Revolving
Credit Facility and term loan at the variable one-month LIBOR or at a
fixed rate for a designated period at the LIBOR corresponding to such period, in
each case, plus a margin. Our interest rate margin is determined on a quarterly
basis based upon our calculated leverage ratio. As of September 24, 2016, the
one-month LIBOR was 0.5%. Our interest rate for the first six months of fiscal
year 2017 ranged from 2.5% to 2.9 %. On September 24, 2016, we had no hedging
arrangements in place to limit our exposure to upward movements in interest
rates.  
   FOREIGN CURRENCY
   
  Approximately 90% of our total
revenues for the first six months of fiscal years 2017 and 2016 were denominated
in U.S. dollars, with the remainder denominated in Canadian dollars. A 10%
change in the value of the Canadian dollar to the U.S. dollar would impact our
revenue by approximately 1%. We monitor the relationship between the U.S. and
Canadian currencies on a monthly basis and adjust sales prices for products and
services sold in Canadian dollars as we believe to be appropriate.  
  We continually utilize
short-term foreign exchange forward contracts to reduce the risk that future
earnings would be adversely affected by changes in currency exchange rates. We
do not apply hedge accounting and therefore the net change in the fair value of
the contracts, which totaled a gain of $0.1 million and $0.3 million during the
first six months of fiscal years 2017 and 2016, respectively, was recognized as
a component of other expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income. The
change in the fair value of the contracts is offset by the change in fair value
on the underlying accounts receivables denominated in Canadian dollars being
hedged. On September 24, 2016, we had a foreign exchange contract, which matured
in October 2016, outstanding in the notional amount of $5.9 million. The foreign
exchange contract was renewed in October 2016 and continues to be in place. We
do not use hedging arrangements for speculative purposes.  
     ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND
PROCEDURES      
   Conclusion Regarding the
Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures.    Our principal executive officer and our principal
financial officer evaluated our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, ( Exchange Act ) Rules
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly
report. Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that
information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act
is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods
specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms and that
such information is accumulated and communicated to our principal executive
officer and principal financial officer to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosure. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer
and our principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and
procedures were effective as of such date.   
   Changes in Internal Control
over Financial Reporting.    There
has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the last fiscal quarter covered by this quarterly report (our
second quarter of fiscal year 2017) that has materially affected, or is
reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial
reporting.       
     PART II. OTHER INFORMATION
   
     ITEM 6.
EXHIBITS     
    
  See Index to Exhibits.
  
  19   

Table of Contents    
     SIGNATURES
   
  Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
  
   TRANSCAT, INC.   

Date:
         
      November 4, 2016  
         /s/ Lee
      D. Rudow   

Lee D. Rudow   

President and Chief Executive
Officer   

(Principal Executive Officer)   

Date:  
      November 4, 2016  
         /s/
      Michael J. Tschiderer   

Michael J. Tschiderer   

Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial
      Officer   

(Principal Financial
Officer)     
  20   

Table of Contents    
     INDEX TO EXHIBITS

21   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 transcat3155761-ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302

Exhibit 31.1   
   CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF
EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002
   
  I, Lee D. Rudow, President and
Chief Executive Officer of Transcat, Inc., certify that:   

1.  

I have reviewed this
      quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Transcat, Inc.;   

2.  
      
      Based on my
      knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material
      fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
      made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made,
      not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
  report;   

3.  
      
      Based on my
      knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information
      included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
      financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
      registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
  report;   

4.  
      
      The registrant s
      other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and
      maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
      Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
      reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for
      the registrant and have:   

(a)  

designed such disclosure controls and
      procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
      designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
      relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is
      made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
      period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  
      
      designed such internal control over
      financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
      reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
      assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
      preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
      with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  
      
      evaluated the effectiveness of the
      registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this
      report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
      and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based
      on such evaluation; and   

(d)  
      
      disclosed in this report any change in the
      registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred
      during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
      fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
      affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s
      internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  
      
      The registrant s
      other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
      evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
      registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of
      directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  
      
      all significant deficiencies and material
      weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial
      reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
      ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
      and   

(b)  
      
      any fraud, whether or not material, that
      involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the
      registrant s internal control over financial
  reporting.     

Date:  November 4, 2016  
        /s/ Lee D. Rudow   

Lee D. Rudow   

President and Chief Executive
      Officer   

(Principal Executive
  Officer)     

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 transcat3155761-ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302

Exhibit 31.2   
   CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF
FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002
   
  I, Michael J. Tschiderer, Vice
President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer of Transcat, Inc., certify
that:   

1.  

I have reviewed this
      quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Transcat, Inc.;   

2.  
      
      Based on my
      knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material
      fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
      made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made,
      not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
  report;   

3.  
      
      Based on my
      knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information
      included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
      financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
      registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
  report;   

4.  
      
      The registrant s
      other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and
      maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
      Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
      reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for
      the registrant and have:   

(a)  

designed such disclosure controls and
      procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
      designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
      relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is
      made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
      period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  
      
      designed such internal control over
      financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
      reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
      assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
      preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
      with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  
      
      evaluated the effectiveness of the
      registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this
      report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
      and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based
      on such evaluation; and   

(d)  
      
      disclosed in this report any change in the
      registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred
      during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
      fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
      affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s
      internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  
      
      The registrant s
      other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
      evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
      registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of
      directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  
      
      all significant deficiencies and material
      weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial
      reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
      ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
      and   

(b)  
      
      any fraud, whether or not material, that
      involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the
      registrant s internal control over financial
  reporting.     

Date:  November 4, 2016  
        /s/ Michael J. Tschiderer   

Michael J. Tschiderer   

Vice President of Finance and Chief
      Financial Officer   

(Principal Financial
  Officer)     

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 transcat3155761-ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

Exhibit 32.1   
   CERTIFICATION PURSUANT
TO     SECTION 906 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002    
  In connection with this
quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Transcat, Inc., Lee D. Rudow, the Chief
Executive Officer of Transcat, Inc. and Michael J. Tschiderer, the Chief
Financial Officer of Transcat, Inc. certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to the best of their knowledge, that:   

1.  
               
      This quarterly report
      on Form 10-Q for the second quarter ended September 24, 2016 fully
      complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities
      Exchange Act of 1934; and   

2.  
      
      The information
      contained in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the second quarter
      ended September 24, 2016 fairly presents, in all material respects, the
      financial condition and results of operations of Transcat,
  Inc.     

Date:     
      November 4, 2016  
        /s/ Lee D. Rudow   

Lee D. Rudow   

President and Chief Executive
      Officer   

(Principal Executive
  Officer)   

Date:  
      November 4, 2016  
        /s/ Michael J. Tschiderer   

Michael J. Tschiderer   

Vice President of Finance and Chief
      Financial Officer   

(Principal Financial
  Officer)     
  A signed original of this
written statement required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has
been provided to Transcat, Inc. and will be retained by Transcat, Inc. and
furnished to the SEC or its staff upon request.   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 trns-20160924.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 trns-20160924.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 trns-20160924_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 trns-20160924_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 trns-20160924_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 trns-20160924_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

