<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161006_10-Q_edgar_data_355948_0001387131-16-007204_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2738813</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>78061</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>207783</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>585040</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1080792</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>718714</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>49</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001387131-16-007204.hdr.sgml : 20161006
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161006155602
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001387131-16-007204
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		68
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160827
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161006
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161006

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			RICHARDSON ELECTRONICS LTD/DE
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000355948
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WHOLESALE-ELECTRONIC PARTS & EQUIPMENT, NEC [5065]
		IRS NUMBER:				362096643
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0601

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-12906
		FILM NUMBER:		161924904

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		40W267 KESLINGER RD
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 393
		CITY:			LAFOX
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60147
		BUSINESS PHONE:		630 208-2200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		40W267 KESLINGER ROAD
		STREET 2:		P.O. BOX 393
		CITY:			LAFOX
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60147

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001387131-16-007204.txt : 20161006

10-Q
 1
 rell-10q_082716.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

(Mark One)  

For the quarterly period ended
August 27, 2016  

  OR  

For the transition period from
                      
To                        

  Commission File Number: 0-12906  

RICHARDSON ELECTRONICS, LTD.  

  (Exact name of registrant as specified
in its charter)  

Registrant s telephone
number, including area code: (630) 208-2200  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has
filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to
such filing requirements for the past 90 days.       Yes    No  

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted
electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to submit and post such files).       Yes       No 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large
accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large
accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act. (Check one): 

Large Accelerated Filer  
         
      Accelerated Filer  

Non-Accelerated Filer  
         (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  
      Smaller Reporting Company  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell
company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).     Yes      No 

 As of October 3, 2016, there were
outstanding 10,702,932 shares of Common Stock, $0.05 par value and 2,140,631 shares of Class B Common Stock, $0.05 par value, which
are convertible into Common Stock of the registrant on a share for share basis. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

Page  

Part I.  
      Financial Information  

Item 1. 
      Financial Statements  
     2  

Consolidated Balance Sheets  
     2  

Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss  
     3  

Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  
     4  

Unaudited Consolidated Statement of Stockholders  Equity  
     5  

Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements  
     6  
 
     Item 2. 
      Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
     16  
 
     Item 3. 
      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
     21  
 
     Item 4. 
      Controls and Procedures  
     21  

Part II.  
      Other Information  

Item 1. 
      Legal Proceedings  
     22  
 
     Item 1A. 
      Risk Factors  
     22  
 
     Item 2. 
      Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
     22  
 
     Item 5. 
      Other Information  
     22  
 
     Item 6. 
      Exhibits  
     22  
 
      Signatures  
     23  
 
      Exhibit Index  
     24  

PART I.      FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

ITEM 1.      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
  
  Richardson Electronics, Ltd.  

    Consolidated Balance Sheets  

  (in thousands, except per share
amounts)  

Richardson Electronics, Ltd.  

    Unaudited Consolidated Statements
of Comprehensive Loss  

  (in thousands, except per share
amounts)  

Richardson Electronics, Ltd.  

    Unaudited Consolidated Statements
of Cash Flows  

  (in thousands)  

Richardson Electronics, Ltd.  

    Unaudited Consolidated Statement of
Stockholders  Equity  

  (in thousands)  

RICHARDSON ELECTRONICS, LTD.  

    NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  1.  DESCRIPTION OF THE COMPANY  

 Richardson Electronics, Ltd. is a leading global
provider of engineered solutions, power grid and microwave tubes and related consumables; power conversion and RF and microwave
components; high value displays, flat panel detector solutions and replacement parts for diagnostic imaging equipment; and customized
display solutions. We serve customers in the alternative energy, healthcare, aviation, broadcast, communications, industrial, marine,
medical, military, scientific and semiconductor markets. The Company s strategy is to provide specialized technical expertise
and  engineered solutions  based on our core engineering and manufacturing capabilities. The Company provides solutions
and adds value through design-in support, systems integration, prototype design and manufacturing, testing, logistics, and aftermarket
technical service and repair through its global infrastructure. 

Our products include electron tubes and related
components, microwave generators, subsystems used in semiconductor manufacturing, and visual technology solutions. These products
are used to control, switch or amplify electrical power signals, or are used as display devices in a variety of industrial, commercial,
medical, and communication applications. 

We have three operating and reportable
segments, which we define as follows: 

 Power and Microwave Technologies
Group ( PMT ) combines our core engineered solutions, power grid and microwave tube business with new RF and power
technologies. As a manufacturer and authorized distributor, PMT s strategy is to provide specialized technical expertise
and engineered solutions based on our core engineering and manufacturing capabilities. We provide solutions and add value through
design-in support, systems integration, prototype design and manufacturing, testing, logistics, and aftermarket technical service
and repair all through our existing global infrastructure. PMT s focus is on products for power, RF and microwave applications
for customers in alternative energy, aviation, broadcast, communications, industrial, marine, medical, military, scientific, and
semiconductor markets. PMT focuses on various applications including broadcast transmission, CO2 laser cutting, diagnostic imaging,
dielectric and induction heating, high energy transfer, high voltage switching, plasma, power conversion, radar, and radiation
oncology. PMT also offers its customers technical services for both microwave and industrial equipment. 

 Canvys provides customized display
solutions serving the corporate enterprise, financial, healthcare, industrial, and medical original equipment manufacturers ( OEM )
markets. 

 Healthcare manufactures, distributes
and services high value replacement parts for the healthcare market including hospitals, medical centers, independent service organizations,
and multi-vendor service providers. Products include power grid tubes, hydrogen thyratrons, klystrons, magnetrons; Image Systems
medical displays and workstations for picture archiving and communication systems ( PACS ); visual solutions for operating
rooms/surgical environments; digital radiography solutions including replacement flat panel detectors and upgrades; and additional
replacement components currently under development for the diagnostic imaging service market. Through a combination of newly developed
products and partnerships, service offerings, and training programs, we believe we can help our customers improve efficiency and
deliver better clinical outcomes while lowering the cost of healthcare delivery. 

 We currently
have operations in the following major geographic regions: North America, Asia/Pacific, Europe, and Latin America. 

2.  BASIS OF PRESENTATION  

 The accompanying unaudited consolidated
financial statements have been prepared in accordance with United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles ( GAAP )
for interim financial information and the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, they do not
include all the information and notes required by GAAP for complete financial statements. 

 Our fiscal quarter ends on the
Saturday nearest the end of the quarter-ending month. The first three months of fiscal 2017 and 2016 contained 13 weeks, respectively. 

 In the opinion of management, all
adjustments, which are of a normal and recurring nature, necessary for a fair presentation of the results of interim periods have
been made. All inter-company transactions and balances have been eliminated. The unaudited consolidated financial statements presented
herein include the accounts of our wholly owned subsidiaries. Certain information and note disclosures normally included in financial
statements prepared in accordance with GAAP have been condensed or omitted pursuant to such rules and regulations. The results
of our operations for the three months ended August 27, 2016, are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected
for the fiscal year ending May 27, 2017. 

The financial information contained
in this report should be read in conjunction with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 28, 2016, that
we filed on July 29, 2016. 

3.  CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES  

  Inventories:  Our consolidated
inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market, generally using a weighted-average cost method. Our inventories include
approximately $39.7 million of finished goods, $4.4 million of raw materials, and $1.1 million of work-in-progress as of August
27, 2016, as compared to approximately $40.0 million of finished goods, $4.4 million of raw materials, and $1.0 million of work-in-progress
as of May 28, 2016. 

 At this time, we do not
anticipate any material risks or uncertainties related to possible future inventory write-downs. Provisions for obsolete or
slow moving inventories are recorded based upon regular analysis of stock rotation privileges, obsolescence, the exiting of
certain markets, and assumptions about future demand and market conditions. If future demand, changes in the industry, or
market conditions differ from management s estimates, additional provisions may be necessary. Inventory reserves were
approximately $3.4 million as of August 27, 2016, and as of May 28, 2016. 

  Revenue Recognition:  Our
product sales are recognized as revenue upon shipment, when title passes to the customer, when delivery has occurred or services
have been rendered, and when collectability is reasonably assured. We also record estimated discounts and returns based on our
historical experience. Our products are often manufactured to meet the specific design needs of our customers  applications.
Our engineers work closely with customers to ensure that our products will meet their needs. Our customers are under no obligation
to compensate us for designing the products we sell. 

  Loss Contingencies:  We accrue
a liability for loss contingencies when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated.
When only a range of possible loss can be established, the most probable amount in the range is accrued. If no amount within this
range is a better estimate than any other amount within the range, the minimum amount in the range is accrued. If we determine
that there is at least a reasonable possibility that a loss may have been incurred, we will include a disclosure describing the
contingency. 

  Intangible Assets:  Intangible
assets are initially recorded at their fair market values determined on quoted market prices in active markets, if available, or
recognized valuation models. Intangible assets that have finite useful lives are amortized over their useful lives either on a
straight-line basis or over their projected future cash flows and are tested for impairment when events or changes in circumstances
occur that indicate possible impairment. 

  Income Taxes:  We recognize
deferred tax assets and liabilities based on the differences between financial statement carrying amounts and the tax bases of
assets and liabilities. We regularly review our deferred tax assets for recoverability and determine the need for a valuation allowance
based on a number of factors, including both positive and negative evidence. These factors include historical taxable income or
loss, projected future taxable income or loss, the expected timing of the reversals of existing temporary differences, and the
implementation of tax planning strategies. In circumstances where we, or any of our affiliates, have incurred three years of cumulative
losses which constitute significant negative evidence, positive evidence of equal or greater significance is needed to overcome
the negative evidence before a tax benefit is recognized for deductible temporary differences and loss carryforwards. 

 In November 2015, the FASB issued
ASU 2015-17,  Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes.  ASU 2015-17 eliminates the prior US GAAP guidance in
Topic 740, Income Taxes, that required an entity to separate deferred tax liabilities and assets between current and noncurrent
amounts in a classified balance sheet. The amendments in ASU 2015-17 require that all deferred tax liabilities and assets of the
same tax jurisdiction or a tax filing group, as well as any related valuation allowance, be offset and presented as a single noncurrent
amount in a classified balance sheet. ASU 2015-17 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim
periods within those annual periods. In order to simplify presentation of deferred tax balances, the Company adopted this standard
prospectively in the quarter ended August 27, 2016. Periods prior to August 27, 2016 were not retrospectively adjusted. 

  Accrued Liabilities:  Accrued
liabilities consist of the following ( in thousands ): 

4.  ACQUISITION  

 On June 15, 2015, Richardson Electronics, Ltd
( the Company ), acquired certain assets of International Medical Equipment and Services, Inc. ( IMES ),
for a purchase price of $12.2 million. This includes the purchase of inventory, receivables, fixed assets, and certain other assets
of the Company. The Company did not acquire any liabilities of IMES. The total consideration paid excludes transaction costs. 

IMES, based in South Carolina, provides reliable,
cost-saving solutions worldwide for major brands of CT and MRI equipment. This acquisition positions Richardson Healthcare to provide
cost effective diagnostic imaging replacement parts and training to hospitals, diagnostic imaging centers, medical institutions,
and independent service organizations. IMES offers an extensive selection of replacement parts, as well as an interactive training
center, on-site test bays and experienced technicians who provide 24/7 customer support. Replacement parts are readily available
and triple tested to provide peace of mind when uptime is critical. IMES core operations have remained in South Carolina. Richardson
Healthcare plans to expand IMES  replacement parts and training offerings geographically to leverage the Company s
global infrastructure. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016, IMES opened up their first foreign location in Amsterdam. 

The consideration paid by the Company
to IMES at closing was $12.2 million in cash. The following table summarizes the fair values of the assets acquired at the date
of the closing of the acquisition  (in thousands) : 

Intangible assets include trade names with an
estimated life of 3 years for $0.6 million, customer relationships with an estimated life of 20 years for $2.5 million, non-compete
agreements with an estimated life of 5 years for $0.2 million, and technology with an estimated life of 10 years for $0.2 million. 

Goodwill recognized represents value the Company
expects to be created by combining the operations of IMES with the Company s operations, including the expansion into markets
within existing business segments and geographic regions, access to new customers and potential cost savings and synergies. 

Goodwill related to the acquisition is deductible
for tax purposes. 

In connection with the acquisition
of IMES, the Company also entered into an Employment, Non-Disclosure, and Non-Compete Agreement ( Employment Agreement )
with Lee A. McIntyre III as the Company s Executive Vice President, IMES. During the term of his employment, Mr. McIntyre
will earn an annual base salary of $300,000. In addition to his base salary, he will be entitled to an annual bonus equal to 20%
of the EBITDA of IMES provided that the EBITDA of the business is at least $2.0 million inclusive of the bonus payment. The annual
bonus payment will terminate after five years. For fiscal year 2016, Mr. McIntyre did not receive a bonus as the minimum EBITDA
needed was not achieved. 

 The financial results for the three
months ended August 29, 2015, includes the financial results for IMES from June 15, 2015, through August 29, 2015. The financial
transactions for IMES from May 31, 2015, through June 14, 2015, were deemed immaterial for illustrating pro forma financial statements. 

5.  GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS  

 The carrying value of goodwill
was $6.3 million as of August 27, 2016, and May 28, 2016. 

 Goodwill is initially recorded based
on the premium paid for acquisitions and is subsequently tested for impairment, using the first day of our fourth quarter as the
measurement date. We test goodwill for impairment annually and whenever events or circumstances indicates an impairment may have
occurred, such as a significant adverse change in the business climate, loss of key personnel or a decision to sell or dispose
of a reporting unit. The goodwill balance in its entirety relates to our IMES reporting unit which is included in our Healthcare
segment. 

 Intangible assets are
initially recorded at their fair market values determined on quoted market prices in active markets, if available, or
recognized valuation models. Intangible assets that have finite useful lives are amortized over their useful lives either on
a straight-line basis or over their projected future cash flows and are tested for impairment when events or changes in
circumstances occur that indicate possible impairment. 

Our intangible assets represent
the fair value for trade name, customer relationships, non-compete agreements, and technology acquired in connection with our acquisitions.
Intangible assets subject to amortization are as follows  (in thousands) : 

(1)    Change from prior periods reflect impact of foreign currency translation. 
  
 The amortization expense associated
with the intangible assets subject to amortization for the next five years is presented in the following table  (in thousands) : 

The weighted average number of years of amortization
expense remaining is 16.1 years. 

6.  INVESTMENTS  

 As of August 27, 2016, we had approximately
$8.2 million invested in time deposits and certificates of deposit ( CD ). Of these, $6.4 million mature in less than
twelve months and $1.8 million mature in more than twelve months. The fair value of these investments is equal to the face value
of each time deposit and CD. 

 As of May 28, 2016, we have invested
in time deposits and certificates of deposit ( CD ) in the amount of $9.5 million. Of this, $2.3 million mature in
less than twelve months and $7.2 million mature in greater than twelve months. The fair value of these investments is the face
value of each time deposit and CD. 

 We also have investments in equity
securities, all of which are classified as available-for-sale and are carried at their fair value based on quoted market prices.
Our investments, which are included in non-current assets, had a carrying amount of $0.6 million as of August 27, 2016, and May 28,
2016. Proceeds from the sale of securities were $0.1 million during the first quarter of fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2016. We reinvested
proceeds from the sale of securities, and the cost of the equity securities sold was based on a specific identification method.
Gross realized gains on those sales were less than $0.1 million during the first quarter of fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2016. Net unrealized
holding gains of less than $0.1 million during the first quarter of fiscal 2017 and loss of $0.1 million during the first quarter
of fiscal 2016, have been included in accumulated other comprehensive income. 

7.  WARRANTIES  

 We offer warranties for the limited
number of specific products we manufacture. We also provide extended warranties for some products we sell that lengthen the period
of coverage specified in the manufacturer s original warranty. Our warranty terms generally range from one to three years. 

 We estimate the cost to perform
under the warranty obligation and recognize this estimated cost at the time of the related product sale. We record expense related
to our warranty obligations as cost of sales in our consolidated statements of comprehensive loss. Each quarter, we assess actual
warranty costs incurred on a product-by-product basis and compare the warranty costs to our estimated warranty obligation. With
respect to new products, estimates are based generally on knowledge of the products, the extended warranty period, and warranty
experience. 

 Warranty reserves are established
for costs that are expected to be incurred after the sale and delivery of products under warranty. Warranty reserves are included
in accrued liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets. The warranty reserves are determined based on known product failures,
historical experience, and other available evidence. Warranty reserves were approximately $0.2 million as of August 27, 2016, and
as of May 28, 2016. 

8.  LEASE OBLIGATIONS, OTHER COMMITMENTS,
AND CONTINGENCIES  

 We lease certain warehouse and
office facilities and office equipment under non-cancelable operating leases. Rent expense during the first three months of fiscal
2017 and fiscal 2016 was $0.5 million. Our future lease commitments for minimum rentals, including common area maintenance charges
and property taxes during the next five years are as follows  (in thousands) : 

9.  INCOME TAXES  

 We recorded an income tax provision of
$0.5 million and $0.4 million for the first three months of fiscal 2017 and the first three months of fiscal 2016, respectively.
The effective income tax rate during the first three months of fiscal 2017 was a tax provision of (21.1%), as compared to a tax
provision of (35.7%) during the first three months of fiscal 2016. The difference in rate during the first three months of fiscal
2017, as compared to the first three months of fiscal 2016, reflects the impact of changes in our geographical distribution of
income (loss), the recording of provision to return true-ups of various foreign jurisdictions, and our positions with respect to
ASC 740-30, Income Taxes - Other Considerations or Special Areas ( ASC 740-30 ). The (21.1%) effective income tax rate
differs from the federal statutory rate of 34.0% as a result of our geographical distribution of income (loss), the recording of
various provision to return true-ups in foreign jurisdictions, the increase in uncertain tax positions as a result of an income
tax audit in France, and the recording of a valuation allowance against the increase in our U.S. state and federal net deferred
tax assets. 

 During the first quarter of fiscal year 2017, we completed a distribution of cash from our Chinese entity to our U.S. parent
company which consisted of a return of capital for $10.0 million and a dividend of $1.3 million. The impact on our income
taxes recorded during the first quarter of fiscal 2017 was an increase to our foreign tax credits deferred tax asset of approximately
$3.6 million, a decrease to the U.S. federal net operating loss deferred tax asset of $4.8 million, and a decrease to our
deferred tax liability for earnings considered permanently reinvested of $1.2 million. In connection with the cash repatriation, we recorded and paid approximately $0.1 million of withholding tax. 

 In the normal course of business, we are
subject to examination by taxing authorities throughout the world. Generally, years prior to fiscal 2006 are closed for examination
under the statute of limitation for U.S. federal, U.S. state and local, or non-U.S. tax jurisdictions. We are also currently under
examination in France (fiscal 2013 through 2015) and Thailand (fiscal 2008 through 2011). We are under examination in the state
of Illinois for fiscal years 2012 and 2013. Our primary foreign tax jurisdictions are Germany and the Netherlands. We have tax
years open in Germany beginning in fiscal 2012 and the Netherlands beginning in fiscal 2010. 

 We have historically determined that certain
undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries, to the extent of cash available, will be repatriated to the U.S. Accordingly,
we have provided a deferred tax liability totaling $5.5 million as of August 27, 2016, on foreign earnings of $38.2 million.
The change from year end May 28, 2016 of a deferred tax liability totaling $6.7 million on foreign earnings of $48.7 million relates
to reclassification of a deferred tax liability to an actual tax recognition of a dividend paid from China in the first quarter
of fiscal 2017, thereby reducing the deferred tax liability and also reducing gross U.S. deferred tax assets fully offset by a
valuation allowance.  In addition, as of August 27, 2016, the approximate $5.7 million balance of cumulative positive earnings
of some of our foreign subsidiaries from May 28, 2016 has not significantly changed and is still considered permanently reinvested
pursuant to ASC 740-30. Due to various tax attributes that are continuously changing, it is not practicable to determine what,
if any, tax liability might exist if such earnings were to be repatriated. 

As of August 27, 2016, our
worldwide liability, from continuing operations, for uncertain tax positions was $0.2 million, excluding interest and
penalties, as compared to $0.1 million of liabilities for uncertain tax positions as of May 28, 2016. The increase in
uncertain tax positions relate to the French tax audit. We record penalties and interest relating to uncertain tax positions
in the income tax expense line item within the unaudited consolidated statements of loss. It is
not expected that there will be a change in the unrecognized tax benefits within the next 12 months. 

 The valuation allowance against the net
deferred tax assets that will more likely than not be realized was $5.9 million as of May 28, 2016. The valuation allowance against
the net deferred tax assets has increased to $7.1 million as of August 27, 2016 for additional domestic federal and state net deferred
tax assets generated during the first quarter of fiscal year 2017 due to additional losses in the U.S. jurisdiction. A full valuation
allowance on the U.S. and state deferred tax assets will be maintained until sufficient positive evidence related to sources of
future taxable income exists to support a reversal of the valuation allowance. The amount of the deferred tax asset considered
realizable, however, could be adjusted if estimates of future taxable income during the carryforward period are increased, or if
objective negative evidence in the form of cumulative losses is no longer present and additional weight may be given to subjective
evidence such as our projections for growth. 

10.  CALCULATION OF EARNINGS PER SHARE  

 We have authorized 17,000,000 shares
of common stock, and 3,000,000 shares of Class B common stock. The Class B common stock has 10 votes per share and has transferability
restrictions; however, Class B common stock may be converted into common stock on a share-for-share basis at any time. With respect
to dividends and distributions, shares of common stock and Class B common stock rank equally and have the same rights, except that
Class B common stock cash dividends are limited to 90% of the amount of Class A common stock cash dividends. 

 In accordance with ASC 260-10,
 Earnings Per Share  ( ASC 260 ), our Class B common stock is considered a participating security requiring the
use of the two-class method for the computation of basic and diluted earnings per share. The two-class computation method for each
period reflects the cash dividends paid per share for each class of stock, plus the amount of allocated undistributed earnings
per share computed using the participation percentage which reflects the dividend rights of each class of stock. Basic and diluted
earnings per share were computed using the two-class method as prescribed in ASC 260. The shares of Class B common stock are considered
to be participating convertible securities since the shares of Class B common stock are convertible on a share-for-share basis
into shares of common stock and may participate in dividends with common stock according to a predetermined formula which is 90%
of the amount of Class A common stock cash dividends. 

The earnings per share ( EPS )
presented in our unaudited consolidated statements of comprehensive loss are based on the following amounts ( in thousands,
except per share amounts ): 

Note: Common stock options that were anti-dilutive
and not included in diluted earnings per common share for the first quarter of fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2016 were 838 and 888, respectively.  

11.  SEGMENT REPORTING  

 In accordance with ASC 280-10,
Segment Reporting, we have identified three operating and reportable segments as follows: 

 Power and Microwave Technologies
Group ( PMT ) combines our core engineered solutions, power grid and microwave tube business with new RF and power
technologies. As a manufacturer and authorized distributor, PMT s strategy is to provide specialized technical expertise
and engineered solutions based on our core engineering and manufacturing capabilities. We provide solutions and add value through
design-in support, systems integration, prototype design and manufacturing, testing, logistics, and aftermarket technical service
and repair all through our existing global infrastructure. PMT s focus is on products for power, RF and microwave applications
for customers in alternative energy, aviation, broadcast, communications, industrial, marine, medical, military, scientific, and
semiconductor markets. PMT focuses on various applications including broadcast transmission, CO2 laser cutting, diagnostic imaging,
dielectric and induction heating, high energy transfer, high voltage switching, plasma, power conversion, radar, and radiation
oncology. PMT also offers its customers technical services for both microwave and industrial equipment. 

 Canvys provides customized display
solutions serving the corporate enterprise, financial, healthcare, industrial, and medical original equipment manufacturers ( OEM )
markets. 

 Healthcare manufactures, distributes
and services high value replacement parts for the healthcare market including hospitals, medical centers, independent service organizations,
and multi-vendor service providers. Products include power grid tubes, hydrogen thyratrons, klystrons, magnetrons; Image Systems
medical displays and workstations for picture archiving and communication systems ( PACS ); visual solutions for operating
rooms/surgical environments; digital radiography solutions including replacement flat panel detectors and upgrades; and additional
replacement components currently under development for the diagnostic imaging service market. Through a combination of newly developed
products and partnerships, service offerings, and training programs, we believe we can help our customers improve efficiency and
deliver better clinical outcomes while lowering the cost of healthcare delivery. 

 The CEO evaluates performance and
allocates resources primarily based on the gross profit of each segment. 

 Operating results by segment are
summarized in the following table ( in thousands ): 

Geographic net sales information
is primarily grouped by customer destination into five areas: North America; Asia/Pacific; Europe; Latin America; and Other. 

Net sales and gross profit by
geographic region are summarized in the following table ( in thousands ): 

(1)    Other includes primarily net sales not allocated to a specific geographical region,
unabsorbed value-add costs, and other unallocated expenses. 
  
 We sell our products to customers
in diversified industries and perform periodic credit evaluations of our customers  financial condition. Terms are generally
on open account, payable net 30 days in North America, and vary throughout Asia/Pacific, Europe, and Latin America. Estimates of
credit losses are recorded in the financial statements based on monthly reviews of outstanding accounts. 

12.  LITIGATION  

 We are involved in several pending
judicial proceedings concerning matters arising in the ordinary course of business. While the outcome of litigation is subject
to uncertainties, based on information available at the time the financial statements were issued, we determined disclosure of
contingencies relating to any of our pending judicial proceedings was not necessary because there is less than a reasonable possibility
that a material loss will be incurred. 

13.  FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS  

 ASC 820,  Fair Value Measurements
and Disclosures  ( ASC 820 ), defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value in accordance
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. 

 ASC 820 establishes a three-tier
fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value. These tiers include: Level 1, defined as
observable inputs such as quoted prices in active markets; Level 2, defined as inputs other than quoted prices in active markets
that are either directly or indirectly observable; and Level 3, defined as unobservable inputs in which little or no market data
exists; therefore requiring an entity to develop its own assumptions. 

 As of August 27, 2016, and May
28, 2016, we held investments that are required to be measured at fair value on a recurring basis. Our investments consist
of time deposits and CDs, where face value is equal to fair value, and equity securities of publicly traded companies for which
market prices are readily available. 

Investments measured at fair value
on a recurring basis subject to the disclosure requirements of ASC 820 as of August 27, 2016, and May 28, 2016, were as follows
( in thousands ): 

14.   Related
Party Transaction   

 On June 15, 2015, the Company entered
into a lease agreement for the IMES facility with LDL, LLC. The Executive Vice President of IMES, Lee A. McIntyre III, has an ownership
interest in LDL, LLC.  The lease agreement provides for monthly payments over five years with total future minimum lease payments
of $0.6 million.  Rental expense related to this lease amounted to less than $0.1 million for the three months ended August
27, 2016, and August 29, 2015.  The Company shall be entitled to extend the term of the lease for a period of an additional
five years by notifying the landlord in writing of its intention to do so within nine months of the expiration of the initial term. 

  15.   Subsequent
event   

 In September of fiscal 2017, we executed a plan to reduce our workforce as part of our cost savings initiatives
to permanently decrease fixed operating costs. As a result, we will be recording approximately $1.3 million of severance expense
during the second quarter of fiscal 2017. 

ITEM 2.      MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF
OPERATIONS  
  
  Certain statements in this report
may constitute  forward-looking  statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.
The terms  may,   should,   could,   anticipate,   believe,   continues, 
 estimate,   expect,   intend,   objective,   plan,   potential, 
 project  and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees
of future performance and involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. These statements are based
on management s current expectations, intentions or beliefs and are subject to a number of factors, assumptions and uncertainties
that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could
cause or contribute to such differences or that might otherwise impact the business include the risk factors set forth in Item 1A,
of our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on July 29, 2016. We undertake no obligation to update any such factor or to publicly
announce the results of any revisions to any forward-looking statements contained herein whether as a result of new information,
future events or otherwise.  

  In addition, while we do,
from time to time, communicate with securities analysts, it is against our policy to disclose to them any material non-public information
or other confidential commercial information. Accordingly, stockholders should not assume that we agree with any statement or report
issued by any analyst irrespective of the content of the statement or report. Thus, to the extent that reports issued by securities
analysts contain any projections, forecasts, or opinions, such reports are not our responsibility.  

  INTRODUCTION  

 Management s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ( MD A ) is intended to assist the reader in better understanding
our business, results of operations, financial condition, changes in financial condition, critical accounting policies and estimates,
and significant developments. MD A is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, our consolidated
financial statements and the accompanying notes appearing elsewhere in this filing. This section is organized as follows: 

Business Overview    a brief synopsis of our Company for
    the periods ended August 27, 2016, and August 29, 2015.  

Results of Operations    an analysis and comparison of our consolidated results of operations for the three month periods ended August 27, 2016, and August 29, 2015, as reflected in our consolidated statements of comprehensive loss.  

Liquidity, Financial Position, and Capital Resources    a discussion of our primary sources and uses of cash for the three month periods ended August 27, 2016, and August 29, 2015, and a discussion of changes in our financial position.  
 
  Business Overview  

 Richardson Electronics, Ltd. is
a leading global provider of engineered solutions, power grid and microwave tubes and related consumables; power conversion and
RF and microwave components; high value displays, flat panel detector solutions and replacement parts for diagnostic imaging equipment;
and customized display solutions.  We serve customers in the alternative energy, healthcare, aviation, broadcast, communications,
industrial, marine, medical, military, scientific and semiconductor markets. The Company s strategy is to provide specialized
technical expertise and  engineered solutions  based on our core engineering and manufacturing capabilities. The Company
provides solutions and adds value through design-in support, systems integration, prototype design and manufacturing, testing,
logistics, and aftermarket technical service and repair through its global infrastructure. 

 Our products include electron tubes
and related components, microwave generators, subsystems used in semiconductor manufacturing, and visual technology solutions.
These products are used to control, switch or amplify electrical power signals, or are used as display devices in a variety of
industrial, commercial, medical, and communication applications. 

 We have three operating and reportable
segments which we define as follows: 

  Power and Microwave Technologies
Group  ( PMT ) combines our core engineered solutions, power grid and microwave tube business with new RF and power
technologies. As a manufacturer and authorized distributor, PMT s strategy is to provide specialized technical expertise
and engineered solutions based on our core engineering and manufacturing capabilities. We provide solutions and add value through
design-in support, systems integration, prototype design and manufacturing, testing, logistics, and aftermarket technical service
and repair all through our existing global infrastructure. PMT s focus is on products for power, RF and microwave applications
for customers in alternative energy, aviation, broadcast, communications, industrial, marine, medical, military, scientific, and
semiconductor markets. PMT focuses on various applications including broadcast transmission, CO2 laser cutting, diagnostic imaging,
dielectric and induction heating, high energy transfer, high voltage switching, plasma, power conversion, radar, and radiation
oncology. PMT also offers its customers technical services for both microwave and industrial equipment. 

  Canvys  provides customized
display solutions serving the corporate enterprise, financial, healthcare, industrial, and OEM markets. 

Healthcare  manufactures,
distributes and services high value replacement parts for the healthcare market including hospitals, medical centers, independent
service organizations, and multi-vendor service providers. Products include power grid tubes, hydrogen thyratrons, klystrons, magnetrons;
Image Systems medical displays and workstations for picture archiving and communication systems ( PACS ); visual solutions
for operating rooms/surgical environments; digital radiography solutions including replacement flat panel detectors and upgrades;
and additional replacement components currently under development for the diagnostic imaging service market. Through a combination
of newly developed products and partnerships, service offerings, and training programs, we believe we can help our customers improve
efficiency and deliver better clinical outcomes while lowering the cost of healthcare delivery. 

 We currently have operations
in North America, Asia/Pacific, Europe, and Latin America. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  

   Financial Summary   Three Months Ended
August 27, 2016   

Net Sales and Gross Profit Analysis   

 Net sales by segment and percent
change for the first quarter of fiscal 2017 and 2016 were as follows ( in thousands ): 

During the first quarter of fiscal
2017 consolidated net sales decreased 10.0% compared to the first quarter of fiscal 2016. Sales for PMT decreased 6.7%, sales for
Canvys decreased 30.8%, and sales for Healthcare increased 5.5%. The decline sales for both PMT and Canvys were primarily due to declines in overall demand from key original
equipment manufacturers. The increase in Richardson Healthcare was due to an increase in demand for diagnostic imaging replacement
parts. 

 Gross profit by segment and percent
change for the first quarter of fiscal 2017 and 2016 were as follows ( in thousands ): 

Gross profit reflects the distribution
and manufacturing product margin less manufacturing variances, inventory obsolescence charges, customer returns, scrap and cycle
count adjustments, engineering costs, unabsorbed manufacturing labor and overhead, and other provisions. 

 Consolidated gross
profit decreased to $10.2 million during the first quarter of fiscal 2017, compared to $11.3 million during the first quarter
of fiscal 2016. Consolidated gross profit as a percentage of net sales increased to 30.7% during the first quarter of fiscal
2017, from 30.4% during the first quarter of fiscal 2016, primarily due to higher margins in our Canvys business as a result
of an improved product and sales mix and higher margins associated with the sale of diagnostic imaging replacement parts in
the Healthcare business. 

Power and Microwave Technologies Group   

 PMT net sales decreased 6.7%
to $25.4 million during the first quarter of fiscal 2017, from $27.2 million during the first quarter of fiscal 2016.  The
decline included sales of Electron devices sold into the marine market, and specialty products manufactured in LaFox which are
sold primarily into the semiconductor capital equipment market. The sales decline was partially offset by higher sales of new technology
partners in power conversion and RF and microwave component and growth of Electron devices in Laser products and Microwave radar
applications. Gross margin as a percentage of net sales decreased to 29.4% during the first quarter of fiscal 2017, as compared
to 29.9% during the first quarter of fiscal 2016, due to production shutdown and equipment transfer costs incurred at our Brive,
France facility. 

   Canvys   

 Canvys net sales decreased 30.8%
to $4.6 million during the first quarter of fiscal 2017, from $6.7 million during the first quarter of fiscal 2016 primarily due
to a significant decrease in customer demand in our North America market. Gross margin as a percentage of net sales increased to
29.2% during the first quarter of fiscal 2017 as compared to 25.6% during the first quarter of fiscal 2016, due to product mix
and lower inbound freight costs.    

   Healthcare   

 Healthcare net sales increased
5.5% to $3.4 million during the first quarter of fiscal 2017, from $3.2 million during the first quarter of fiscal 2016 primarily
due to increased sales of IMES products. Gross margin as a percentage of net sales decreased to 42.6% during the first quarter
of fiscal 2017 as compared to 44.3% during the first quarter of fiscal 2016 due to product mix. 

   Selling, General, and Administrative Expenses   

 Selling, general, and administrative
expenses ( SG A ) during the first quarter of fiscal 2017 were flat at $12.3 million to the first quarter of fiscal
2016. Decreases in SG A of $0.4 million in support functions and $0.1 million in Canvys were offset by an increase of $0.5
million related to additional investments in our Richardson Healthcare segment to support its expected growth. 

   Other Income/Expense   

 Other income/expense was $0.3 million
of expense during the first quarter of fiscal 2017, compared to expense of less than $0.1 million during the first quarter of fiscal
2016. Other income/expense during the first quarter of fiscal 2017 included $0.3 million of foreign exchange losses. Other income/expense
during the first quarter of fiscal 2016 included $0.2 million of investment and interest income offset by $0.2 million of foreign
exchange losses. Our foreign exchange gains and losses are primarily due to the translation of U.S. dollars held in non-U.S. entities.
We currently do not utilize derivative instruments to manage our exposure to foreign currency. 

   Income Tax Provision   

 We recorded an income tax provision of
$0.5 million and $0.4 million for the first three months of fiscal 2017 and the first three months of fiscal 2016, respectively.
The effective income tax rate during the first three months of fiscal 2017 was a tax provision of (21.1%), as compared to a tax
provision of (35.7%) during the first three months of fiscal 2016. The difference in rate during the first three months of fiscal
2017, as compared to the first three months of fiscal 2016, reflects the impact of changes in our geographical distribution of
income (loss), the recording of provision to return true-ups of various foreign jurisdictions, and our positions with respect to
ASC 740-30, Income Taxes - Other Considerations or Special Areas ( ASC 740-30 ). The (21.1%) effective income tax rate
differs from the federal statutory rate of 34.0% as a result of our geographical distribution of income (loss), the recording of
various provision to return true-ups in foreign jurisdictions, the increase in uncertain tax positions as a result of an income
tax audit in France, and the recording of a valuation allowance against the increase in our U.S. state and federal net deferred
tax assets. 

 In the normal course of business, we are
subject to examination by taxing authorities throughout the world. Generally, years prior to fiscal 2006 are closed for examination
under the statute of limitation for U.S. federal, U.S. state and local, or non-U.S. tax jurisdictions. We are also currently under
examination in France (fiscal 2013 through 2015) and Thailand (fiscal 2008 through 2011). We are under examination in the state
of Illinois for fiscal years 2012 and 2013. Our primary foreign tax jurisdictions are Germany and the Netherlands. We have tax
years open in Germany beginning in fiscal 2012 and the Netherlands beginning in fiscal 2010. 

   Net Loss and Per Share Data   

 Net loss during the first quarter
of fiscal 2017 was $2.9 million, or ($0.23) per diluted common share and ($0.20) per Class B diluted common share, as compared
to net loss of $1.4 million during the first quarter of fiscal 2016, or ($0.10) per diluted common share and ($0.10) per Class
B diluted common share. 

LIQUIDITY, FINANCIAL POSITION, AND CAPITAL RESOURCES  

 Our growth and cash needs have
been primarily financed through income from operations and cash on hand. 

 Cash and cash equivalents for the
first quarter ended August 27, 2016, were $57.5 million. Investments included CDs and time deposits classified as short-term investments
were $6.4 million and long-term investments were $2.4 million, including equity securities of $0.6 million. Cash and investments
at August 27, 2016, consisted of $25.6 million in North America, $11.7 million in Europe, $1.0 million in Latin America, and $28.0
million in Asia/Pacific. During the first quarter of fiscal 2017, we completed a cash repatriation of $11.3 million, which included
a return of capital and dividend from our Chinese entity to our U.S. parent company. 

 Cash and cash equivalents were
$60.4 million at May 28, 2016. Investments included CD s and time deposits, classified as short-term investments were $2.3
million and long-term investments were $7.8 million, including equity securities of $0.6 million. Cash and investments at May 28,
2016, consisted of $18.1 million in North America, $12.6 million in Europe, $0.7 million in Latin America, and $39.1 million in
Asia/Pacific.  

   Cash Flows from Operating Activities   

 The cash used in operating activities
primarily resulted from our net loss, adjusted for non-cash items, and changes in our operating assets and liabilities. 

 Operating activities
used $1.7 million of cash during the first quarter of fiscal 2017. We had net loss of $2.9 million during the first quarter
of fiscal 2017, which included non-cash stock-based compensation expense of $0.1 million associated with the issuance of
stock option awards and depreciation and amortization expense of $0.7 million associated with our property and equipment as
well as amortization of our intangible assets. Changes in our operating assets and liabilities during the first quarter of
fiscal 2017, net of foreign currency exchange gains and losses, included decreases in receivables and inventories of $3.6
million and $0.4 million, respectively, offset by decreases in our accounts payable and accrued liabilities of $2.3 million
and $1.1 million, respectively. The decrease in receivables of $3.6 million was primarily due to the collection of a large
receivable during the first quarter of fiscal 2017 that was invoiced during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016. The inventory
decrease was due to terminating our production at our Brive, France facility during the first quarter of fiscal 2017. Decreases
in our accounts payable and liabilities were due to timing of payments for some of our larger vendors and also the result of
having shorter payment terms for our Richardson Healthcare vendors. 

 Operating activities used $6.5
million of cash during the first quarter of fiscal 2016. We had net loss of $1.4 million during the first quarter of fiscal 2016,
which included non-cash stock-based compensation expense of $0.1 million associated with the issuance of stock option awards and
depreciation and amortization expense of $0.5 million associated with our property and equipment as well as amortization of our
intangible assets. Changes in our operating assets and liabilities, net of effects of acquired businesses and foreign currency
exchange gains and losses, was a use of cash of $5.7 million during the first quarter of fiscal 2016, due primarily to the increase
in our accounts receivable of $2.5 million, the decrease in our accounts payable of $1.5 million, the increase in inventories of
$0.6 million, the increase in prepaid expenses of $0.6 million, and the decrease in accrued liabilities of $0.8 million. 

   Cash Flows from Investing Activities   

 The cash flow from investing activities
has consisted primarily of purchases and maturities of investments, capital expenditures, and any business acquisition activity. 

 Cash used by investing activities
of $0.6 million during the first quarter of fiscal 2017, included proceeds from the maturities of investments of $1.5 million,
offset by $2.1 million in capital expenditures. Capital expenditures relates primarily to our Healthcare growth initiatives and
capital used for our new IT system. 

 Cash provided by investing activities
of $5.2 million during the first quarter of fiscal 2016, included proceeds from the maturities of investments of $18.4 million,
offset by the acquisition of IMES of $12.2 million and $1.0 million in capital expenditures. Capital expenditures of $1.0 million relates
primarily to our Healthcare growth initiatives. 

 Our purchases and proceeds from
investments consist of time deposits and CDs. Purchasing of future investments may vary from period to period due to interest and
foreign currency exchange rates. 

   Cash Flows from Financing Activities   

 The cash flow from financing activities
primarily consists of repurchases of common stock and cash dividends paid. 

 Cash used in financing activities
of $0.8 million during the first quarter of fiscal 2017, resulted from cash used to pay dividends. 

 Cash used in financing activities
of $4.1 million during the first three months of fiscal 2016, resulted from $3.3 million of cash used to repurchase common stock
under our share repurchase authorization and $0.8 million of cash used to pay dividends. 

Dividend payments for the first
quarter of fiscal 2017 were approximately $0.8 million. All future payments of dividends are at the discretion of the Board of
Directors. Dividend payments will depend on earnings, capital requirements, operating conditions, and such other factors that the
Board may deem relevant. 

 We believe that the existing sources
of liquidity, including current cash, will provide sufficient resources to meet known capital requirements and working capital
needs through the next twelve months. 

ITEM 3.      QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK  
  
  Risk Management and Market Sensitive Financial Instruments  

 We are exposed to many different
market risks with the various industries we serve. The primary financial risk we are exposed to is foreign currency exchange, as
certain operations, assets, and liabilities of ours are denominated in foreign currencies. We manage these risks through normal
operating and financing activities. 

 The interpretation and analysis
of these disclosures should not be considered in isolation since such variances in exchange rates would likely influence other
economic factors. Such factors, which are not readily quantifiable, would likely also affect our operations. Additional disclosure
regarding various market risks are set forth in Part I, Item 1A,  Risk Factors  of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the year ended May 28, 2016, filed July 29, 2016. 

ITEM 4.      CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  

(a)  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
  
 Management of the Company, with the
participation of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation
of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act )) as of August 27, 2016. 

 Disclosure controls and procedures
are intended to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in the Company s Exchange Act reports
is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified by the Securities and Exchange Commission s
rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including the Company s Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on this evaluation,
the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that the Company s disclosure controls
and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this report. 

(b)  Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
  
 There were no changes in the Company s
internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by paragraph (d) of Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15 or 15d-15 that occurred during the first quarter of fiscal 2017 that have materially affected, or are reasonably
likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II.      OTHER INFORMATION  

ITEM 1.      LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  
  
 From time to time we or our subsidiaries
are involved in legal actions that arise in the ordinary course of our business. While the outcome of these matters cannot be predicted
with certainty, we do not believe that the outcome of any current claims, including the above mentioned legal matters, will have
a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 

ITEM 1A.      RISK FACTORS  
  
 There have been no material changes
to the risk factors previously disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended May 28, 2016, filed July 29,
2016. 

ITEM 2.      UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS  

ITEM 5.      OTHER INFORMATION  
  
  Results of Operation and Financial Condition and Declaration
of Dividend  

 On October 5, 2016, we issued a
press release reporting results for our first quarter ended August 27, 2016, and the declaration of a cash dividend. A copy of
the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this Form 10-Q and incorporated by reference herein. 

ITEM 6.      EXHIBITS  
  
 See exhibit index which is incorporated by
reference herein. 

SIGNATURES  

 Pursuant to the requirements of
Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

RICHARDSON ELECTRONICS, LTD.  

Date:  October 6, 2016 
     By:    
     /s/      
     Robert J. Ben  

Robert J. Ben 
         Chief Financial Officer 
         (on behalf of the Registrant and 
         as Principal Financial Officer)   

Exhibit Index   

(c)  
       
      EXHIBITS   

Exhibit  
          Number   
       
      Description   
 
     3.1 
       
     Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, incorporated by reference to Annex III of the Proxy Statement dated August 19, 2016.  

3.2 
       
     Amended and Restated By-Laws of the Company, approved by the Company s board of directors on January 5, 2016.  

31.1 
       
      Certification of Edward J. Richardson pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed pursuant to Part I).   

31.2 
       
      Certification of Robert J. Ben pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed pursuant to Part I).   

32 
       
      Certifications pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed pursuant to Part I).   

99.1 
       
      Press release, dated October 5, 2016.   

101 
       
     The following financial information from our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the first quarter of fiscal 2017, filed with the SEC on October 6, 2016, formatted in Extensible Business Reporting Language (XBRL): (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of August 27, 2016, and May 28, 2016, (ii) the Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the three months ended August 27, 2016, and August 29, 2015, (iii) the Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the three months ended August 27, 2016, and August 29, 2015, (iv) the Unaudited Consolidated Statement of Stockholder s Equity as of August 27, 2016, and (v) Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements.  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31-1.htm
 CERTIFICATION - SECTION 302

Richardson Electronics, Ltd. - 10-Q  

Exhibit 31.1   

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302(a) OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

 I, Edward J. Richardson, certify that: 

1. 
     I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Richardson Electronics, Ltd. for the period ended August 27, 2016;  

2. 
     Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  

3. 
     Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  

4. 
     The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

a) 
     Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

b) 
     Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

c) 
     Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  

d) 
     Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  

5. 
     The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  

a) 
     All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  

b) 
     Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  

Date: October 6, 2016  

Signature:  /s/ Edward J. Richardson   

Edward J. Richardson  
 
     Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31-2.htm
 CERTIFICATION - SECTION 302

Richardson Electronics, Ltd. - 10-Q  

Exhibit 31.2   

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302(a) OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

 I, Robert J. Ben, certify that: 

1. 
     I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Richardson Electronics, Ltd. for the period ended August 27, 2016;  

2. 
     Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  

3. 
     Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  

4. 
     The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

a) 
     Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

b) 
     Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

c) 
     Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  

d) 
     Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  

5. 
     The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  

a) 
     All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  

b) 
     Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  

Date: October 6, 2016  

Signature:  /s/ Robert J. Ben   

Robert J. Ben  
 
     Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 ex32.htm
 CERTIFICATION - SECTION 906

Richardson Electronics, Ltd. - 10-Q  

Exhibit 32   

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Richardson
Electronics, Ltd. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended August 27, 2016, as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Edward J. Richardson, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive
Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

 (1) 

 The
Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

 (2) 

 The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations
of the Company. 

/s/ Edward J. Richardson 

Edward J. Richardson 

Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 

October 6, 2016 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Richardson
Electronics, Ltd. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended August 27, 2016, as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Robert J. Ben, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

 (1) 

 The
Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

 (2) 

 The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations
of the Company. 

/s/ Robert J. Ben 

Robert J. Ben 

Chief Financial Officer 

October 6, 2016 

</EX-32>

<EX-99.1>
 5
 ex99-1.htm
 PRESS RELEASE

Richardson Electronics, Ltd. - 10-Q  

 Exhibit 99.1 

Press Release  

   For Immediate Release   

RICHARDSON ELECTRONICS REPORTS FIRST
QUARTER FISCAL 2017 RESULTS AND 
DECLARES QUARTERLY CASH DIVIDEND  

LaFox, IL,
October 5, 2016:  Richardson Electronics, Ltd. (NASDAQ: RELL) today reported financial results for its first quarter ended August
27, 2016. The Company also announced that its Board of Directors declared a $0.06 per share quarterly cash dividend. 

First Quarter Results   

 Net sales for
the first quarter of fiscal 2017 were $33.4 million, a 10.0% decrease, compared to net sales of $37.1 million in the prior year s
first quarter. Sales decreases of $1.8 million for PMT and $2.1 million for Canvys, primarily due to declines in demand from key
OEMs relating to market conditions, were partially offset by an increase of $0.2 million in Richardson Healthcare. 

 Gross margin
decreased to $10.2 million, or 30.7% of net sales during the first quarter of fiscal 2017, compared to $11.3 million, or 30.4%
of net sales during the first quarter of fiscal 2016. Margin improved as a percent of net sales primarily due to a higher Canvys
margin as a result of an improved mix and the higher percentage of sales of diagnostic imaging replacement parts in the Healthcare
business. 

 Operating expenses
of $12.3 million for first quarter of fiscal 2017 were flat compared to the first quarter of fiscal 2016. Decreases in SG A
of $0.4 million in corporate support functions and $0.1 million in Canvys were offset by an increase of $0.5 million in Richardson
Healthcare to support its expected growth. 

 As a result,
operating loss for the first quarter of fiscal 2017 was $2.1 million, compared to an operating loss of $1.0 million in the prior
year s first quarter. 

 Other expense
for the first quarter of fiscal 2017, including foreign exchange, was $0.3 million, compared to less than $0.1 million in other
expense in the first quarter of fiscal 2016. 

 The
income tax provision of $0.5 million during the first quarter of fiscal 2017 reflects a provision for foreign income taxes,
an estimate for additional tax due from an audit in France and no U.S. tax benefit due to the valuation allowance recorded
against the net operating loss. 

 Net loss for
the first quarter of fiscal 2017 was $2.9 million, compared to a net loss of $1.4 million in the first quarter of last year. 

CASH DIVIDEND   

 The Company also
announced today that its Board of Directors declared a $0.06 quarterly dividend per share to holders of common stock and a $0.054
cash dividend per share to holders of Class B common stock. The dividend will be payable on November 22, 2016, to common stockholders
of record on November 7, 2016. 

 Cash and investments
at the end of the first quarter of fiscal 2017 were $66.3 million compared to $70.5 million at the end of the fourth quarter of
fiscal 2016.
During the first quarter of fiscal 2017, the Company did not repurchase any shares of its common stock under the existing share
repurchase authorization. Since the sale of RFPD, the Company has spent $65.6 million on share repurchases and currently has 10.7
million outstanding shares of common stock and 2.1 million outstanding shares of Class B common stock. 

OUTLOOK   

  We
are disappointed with the decrease in net sales in the first quarter of fiscal 2017 as compared to the first quarter
of fiscal 2016, although we did see growth in both Richardson Healthcare and in our Power Management Group. Due to our
overall financial performance and a longer than anticipated time horizon for our key initiatives to provide significant
revenue growth, we have implemented a reduction in workforce in September 2016. We expect that we will achieve annualized
savings of $3.0 million from this workforce reduction along with additional voluntary executive management team compensation
related savings of $0.8 million. This will allow us to continue to invest in our growth strategy. As part of the reduction in
workforce, we plan to record $1.3 million in severance expense in the second quarter of fiscal year 2017,  said Edward
J. Richardson, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and President.  We continue to work on additional initiatives to
permanently take cost out of the organization and to improve cash flow,  Mr. Richardson concluded. 

CONFERENCE CALL INFORMATION   

  On
Thursday, October 6, 2016, at 9:00 a.m. CST, Edward J. Richardson, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Robert J. Ben, Chief
Financial Officer, will host a conference call to discuss the Company's first quarter results for fiscal 2017. A question and answer
session will be included as part of the call's agenda. To listen to the call, please dial (888) 339-2688 and enter passcode 40855903
approximately five minutes prior to the start of the call. A replay of the call will be available beginning at 12:00 a.m. CST on
October 7, 2016, for seven days. The telephone numbers for the replay are (USA) (888) 286-8010 and (International) (617) 801-6888;
passcode 47629279  .  

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS    

 This release includes certain  forward-looking 
statements as defined by the Securities and Exchange Commission. Statements in this press release regarding the Company's business
which are not historical facts represent  forward-looking  statements that involve risks and uncertainties. For a discussion
of such risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements,
see Item 1A,  Risk Factors  in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on July 29, 2016. The Company assumes
no responsibility to update the  forward-looking  statements in this release as a result of new information, future
events, or otherwise. 

ABOUT RICHARDSON ELECTRONICS, LTD.   

 Richardson Electronics, Ltd. is a leading
global provider of engineered solutions, power grid and microwave tubes and related consumables; power conversion and RF and microwave
components; high value displays, flat panel detector solutions and replacement parts for diagnostic imaging equipment; and customized
display solutions. We serve customers in the alternative energy, healthcare, aviation, broadcast, communications, industrial, marine,
medical, military, scientific and semiconductor markets. The Company s strategy is to provide specialized technical expertise
and  engineered solutions  based on our core engineering and manufacturing capabilities. The Company provides solutions
and adds value through design-in support, systems integration, prototype design and manufacturing, testing, logistics, and aftermarket
technical service and repair through its global infrastructure. More information is available at www.rell.com. 

 Richardson Electronics common stock
trades on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the ticker symbol RELL. 

Richardson Electronics, Ltd.  

    Consolidated Balance Sheets  

  (in thousands, except per share
amounts)  

Richardson Electronics, Ltd.  

    Unaudited Consolidated Statements
of Comprehensive Loss  

  (in thousands, except per share
amounts)  

Richardson Electronics, Ltd.  

    Unaudited Consolidated Statements
of Cash Flows  

  (in thousands)  

Richardson Electronics, Ltd.    Net Sales and Gross Profit   For the First Quarter
of Fiscal 2017 and Fiscal 2016   (in thousands)  

</EX-99.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 rell-20160827.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 rell-20160827.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 rell-20160827_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 rell-20160827_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 rell-20160827_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 rell-20160827_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

