<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_1613685_0001137050-16-000332_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>915236</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>52395</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>76909</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>156107</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>292268</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>290794</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>6</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001137050-16-000332.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109165353
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001137050-16-000332
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		41
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160430
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TRENDMAKER INC. LTD.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001613685
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BOOKS: PUBLISHING OR PUBLISHING AND PRINTING [2731]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-200624
		FILM NUMBER:		161984929

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1415 DEBRA DRIVE
		CITY:			CARY
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			27511
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9196332488

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1415 DEBRA DRIVE
		CITY:			CARY
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			27511

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NUTS & BOLTS INTERNATIONAL, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140714

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001137050-16-000332.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 april201610qrevised102616.htm
 CONVERTED BY EDGARWIZ

Converted by EDGARwiz 

UNITED STATES  
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  
  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549  
   
  FORM 10-Q  
   
 (Mark One) 
   
 x     QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   
   
  For the quarterly period ended April 30, 2016  
   
 or 
   
       TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   
   
  For the transition period from ______to______.  
   
 Commission File Number:  333-200624  
   
  TRENDMAKER, INC LIMITED  
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Nevada  
     
    46-3505091  
  
   (State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) 
     
   (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 

919-633-2488  
 (Registrant   s telephone number, including area code) 
   
  n/a  
 (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 
   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes     No  x  
   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes  x  No     
   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of    large accelerated filer   ,    accelerated filer    and    smaller reporting company    in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large Accelerated Filer 
     
   Accelerated Filer 

Non-Accelerated Filer 
     
   Smaller Reporting Company 
   x 
  
   (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes     No  x  
   
 As of October 25, 2016, there were 13,370,000 shares, $0.0001 par value per share, of common stock outstanding. 

TRENDMAKER, INC LIMITED  
  Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the  
  Period Ended April 30, 2016  
   
  INDEX  

PART I    FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1. 
   Financial Statements 
   4 
  
   Item 2. 
     Management   s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations     
   12 
  
   Item 3. 
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk     
   15 
  
   Item 4. 
     Control and Procedures     
   15 

PART II    OTHER INFORMATION        

Item 1. 
     Legal Proceedings     
   16 
  
   Item 1A. 
     Risk Factors     
   16 
  
   Item 2. 
     Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds     
   16 
  
   Item 3. 
     Defaults Upon Senior Securities     
   16 
  
   Item 4. 
     Mine Safety Disclosures     
   16 
  
   Item 5. 
     Other Information     
   16 
  
   Item 6. 
     Exhibits     
   17 

SIGNATURES        
   18 

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT ON FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION  
   
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (this    Report   ) contains    forward-looking statements    within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the    Securities Act   ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the    Exchange Act   ). Forward-looking statements discuss matters that are not historical facts. Because they discuss future events or conditions, forward-looking statements may include words such as    anticipate,       believe,       estimate,       intend,       could,       should,       would,       may,       seek,       plan,       might,       will,       expect,       predict,       project,       forecast,       potential,       continue    negatives thereof or similar expressions. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, are based on various underlying assumptions and current expectations about the future and are not guarantees. Such statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, level of activity, performance or achievement to be materially different from the results of operations or plans expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. 
   
 We cannot predict all of the risks and uncertainties. Accordingly, such information should not be regarded as representations that the results or conditions described in such statements or that our objectives and plans will be achieved and we do not assume any responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of any of these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are found at various places throughout this Report and include information concerning possible or assumed future results of our operations, including statements about potential acquisition or merger targets; business strategies; future cash flows; financing plans; plans and objectives of management, any other statements regarding future acquisitions, future cash needs, future operations, business plans and future financial results, and any other statements that are not historical facts. 
   
 These forward-looking statements represent our intentions, plans, expectations, assumptions and beliefs about future events and are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors. Many of those factors are outside of our control and could cause actual results to differ materially from the results expressed or implied by those forward-looking statements. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the events described in the forward-looking statements might not occur or might occur to a different extent or at a different time than we have described. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this Report. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements concerning other matters addressed in this Report and attributable to us or any person acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this Report. 
   
 Except to the extent required by law, we undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, a change in events, conditions, circumstances or assumptions underlying such statements, or otherwise. 
   
  CERTAIN TERMS USED IN THIS REPORT  
     
 When this report uses the words    we,       us,       our,    and the    Company,    they refer to Nuts and Bolts International, Inc.    SEC    refers to the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Part I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION  
   
  Item 1. Financial Statements  
  Trendmaker, Inc. Limited  
 (F/K/A Nuts and  Bolts International, Inc.   Subsidiary)  
   
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (UNAUDITED) 
 April 30, 2016 
   
 The financial statements included herein have been prepared by the Company, without audit, pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles have been condensed or omitted.  However, in the opinion of management, all adjustments (which include only normal recurring accruals) necessary to present fairly the financial position and results of operations for the periods presented have been made.  These financial statements should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes, and with the historical financial information of the Company. 

NOTE 1   
     SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ORGANIZATION   

(A) Basis of Presentation    
   
 The accompanying condensed consolidated unaudited financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission for interim financial information. Accordingly, they do not include all the information necessary for a comprehensive presentation of financial position and results of operations. 
   
 It is management   s opinion however, that all material adjustments (consisting of normal recurring adjustments) have been made, which are necessary for a fair financial statements presentation. The results for the interim period are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the year. 
   
 Nuts and Bolts International, Inc. (the  Company ) was incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on August 21, 2013 to create and publish electronic non-fiction multimedia books for the hobby and do-it-yourself consumer markets (   eBooks   ) through the internet. It   s eBook publishing operations were conducted through it   s wholly-owned subsidiary, Nuts and Bolts Publishing, LLC, which was organized under the laws of the State of North Carolina on August 22, 2013. 
   
 Effective as of February 29, 2016, the Company had a change of control as a result of the sale of it   s previous controlling shareholder of 10,000,000 shares of it   s common stock, representing approximately 76.5% of the Company   s issued and outstanding common stock.  Following the change of control, the Company has retained ownership of it   s wholly-owned subsidiary, Nuts and Bolts Publishing, LLC, but has discontinued the eBook publishing operations previously carried on through that subsidiary.   
   
 Following the change of control, the Company is now engaged in the business of providing management and consulting services to Trendmaker Private Limited, a Singapore entity whose subsidiaries include PhytoScience Sdn Bnd (a Malaysia entity), and PhtyoScience Private Limited Company (an Indian entity). Through its subsidiaries, Trendmaker Private Limited is engaged in the business of sale of stem cell products, cosmetics and healthcare related consumable products in Asia.  
   
 Effective as of April 14, 2016, the Company amended it   s Articles of Incorporation to change it   s name to Trendmaker, Inc., Limited.  
    
    (B) Principles of Consolidation    
   
 The accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Trendmaker, Inc. Limited (f/k/a Nuts and Bolts International, Inc.), and its wholly owned subsidiary, Nuts and Bolts Publishing, LLC (collectively, the    Company   ). All intercompany accounts have been eliminated upon consolidation. 
       
    (C) Use of Estimates    
   
 In preparing financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles, management is required to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and revenues and expenses during the reported period. Significant estimates include valuation of in kind contribution of services, valuation of deferred tax assets. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
   
    (D) Cash and Cash Equivalents    
   
 The Company considers all highly liquid temporary cash investments with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. At April 30, 2016 and July 31, 2015, the Company had no cash equivalents. 
   
    (E) Loss Per Share    
   
 Basic and diluted net loss per common share is computed based upon the weighted average common shares outstanding as defined by FASB ASC No. 260,    Earnings Per Share.    As of April 30, 2016 and April 30, 2015, there were no common share equivalents outstanding. 
     
    (F) Income Taxes    
   
 The Company accounts for income taxes under FASB Codification Topic 740-10-25 (   ASC 740-10-25   ). Under ASC 740-10-25, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. Under ASC 740-10-25, the effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. 
   
    (G) Property and Equipment    
   
 Property and equipment is recorded at cost and depreciated or amortized using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of the asset or the underlying lease term for leasehold improvements, whichever is shorter.  
   
 Additions are capitalized and maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred. Gains and losses on dispositions of equipment are reflected in other income. 
   
    (H) Revenue Recognition    
   
 The Company will recognize revenue on arrangements in accordance with FASB ASC No. 605,    Revenue Recognition   . In all cases, revenue is recognized only when the price is fixed and determinable, persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, the service is performed and collectability of the resulting receivable is reasonably assured.  The Company will generate revenue from the sale of eBooks which will sell from $2.00 to $10.00. 

(I) Fair Value of Financial Instruments    
 The Company measures its financial assets and liabilities in accordance with GAAP. For certain of our financial instruments, including cash, accounts payable, and the short-term portion of long-term debt, the carrying amounts approximate fair value due to their short maturities. 
   
 We adopted accounting guidance for financial and non-financial assets and liabilities (ASC 820). The adoption did not have a material impact on our results of operations, financial position or liquidity. This standard defines fair value, provides guidance for measuring fair value and requires certain disclosures. This standard does not require any new fair value measurements, but rather applies to all other accounting pronouncements that require or permit fair value measurements. This guidance does not apply to measurements related to share-based payments. This guidance discusses valuation techniques, such as the market approach (comparable market prices), the income approach (present value of future income or cash flow), and the cost approach (cost to replace the service capacity of an asset or replacement cost). The guidance utilizes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value into three broad levels. The following is a brief description of those three levels: 
   
 Level 1: Observable inputs such as quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 
   
 Level 2: Inputs other than quoted prices that are observable, either directly or indirectly. These include quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets and quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active. 
   
 Level 3: Unobservable inputs in which little or no market data exists, therefore developed using estimates and assumptions developed by us, which reflect those that a market participant would use. 
   
    (J) Recent Accounting Pronouncements    
   
  In August 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update    ASU    2014-15 on    Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40) - Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity   s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern   . Currently, there is no guidance in U.S. GAAP about management   s responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity   s ability to continue as a going concern or to provide related footnote disclosures. The amendments in this Update provide that guidance. In doing so, the amendments are intended to reduce diversity in the timing and content of footnote disclosures. The amendments require management to assess an entity   s ability to continue as a going concern by incorporating and expanding upon certain principles that are currently in U.S. auditing standards. Specifically, the amendments (1) provide a definition of the term substantial doubt, (2) require an evaluation every reporting period including interim periods, (3) provide principles for considering the mitigating effect of management   s plans, (4) require certain disclosures when substantial doubt is alleviated as a result of consideration of management   s plans, (5) require an express statement and other disclosures when substantial doubt is not alleviated, and (6) require an assessment for a period of one year after the date that the financial statements are issued (or available to be issued). The amendments in this Update are effective for public and nonpublic entities for annual periods ending after December 15, 2016. Early adoption is permitted. We are currently reviewing the provisions of this ASU to determine if there will be any impact on our results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 
   
 In July 2015, FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (   ASU   ) No. 2015-11,    Inventory (Topic 330): Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory    more closely align the measurement of inventory in GAAP with the measurement of inventory in International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS). The amendments in this ASU do not apply to inventory that is measured using last-in, first-out (LIFO) or the retail inventory method. The amendments apply to all other inventory, which includes inventory that is measured using first-in, first-out (FIFO) or average cost. An entity should measure inventory within the scope of this Update at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal, and transportation. Subsequent measurement is unchanged for inventory measured using LIFO or the retail inventory method. For public business entities, this ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal years. For all other entities, this ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017. The amendments in this ASU should be applied prospectively with earlier application permitted as of the beginning of an interim or annual reporting period. We are currently reviewing the provisions of this ASU to determine if there will be any impact on our results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 
   
 In August 2015, FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (   ASU   ) No.2015-14,    Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Deferral of the Effective Date    defers the effective date ASU No. 2014-09 for all entities by one year. Public business entities, certain not-for-profit entities, and certain employee benefit plans should apply the guidance in Update 2014-09 to annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim reporting periods within that reporting period. Earlier application is permitted only as of annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim reporting periods within that reporting period. All other entities should apply the guidance in Update 2014-09 to annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim reporting periods within annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2019. All other entities may apply the guidance in ASU No. 2014-09 earlier as of an annual reporting period beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim reporting periods within that reporting period. All other entities also may apply the guidance in Update 2014-09 earlier as of an annual reporting period beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim reporting periods within annual reporting periods beginning one year after the annual reporting period in which the entity first applies the guidance in ASU No. 2014-09. We are currently reviewing the provisions of this ASU to determine if there will be any impact on our results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 
   
 In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-08, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net) that clarifies how to apply revenue recognition guidance related to whether an entity is a principal or an agent. ASU 2016-08 clarifies that the analysis must focus on whether the entity has control of the goods or services before they are transferred to the customer and provides additional guidance about how to apply the control principle when services are provided and when goods or services are combined with other goods or services. The effective date for ASU 2016-08 is the same as the effective date of ASU 2014-09 as amended by ASU 2015-14, for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those years. The Company has not yet determined the impact of ASU 2016-08 on its consolidated financial statements. 

All other newly issued accounting pronouncements but not yet effective have been deemed either immaterial or not applicable 

NOTE 2   
     PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT   

Property and equipment consist of the following at April 30, 2016: 
   
 Depreciation expense was $90 and $134 for the nine months ended April 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 
   
 During the nine months ended April 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recorded $536 and $0 in impairment losses.   

NOTE 3   
     NOTES PAYABLE     RELATED PARTY   

During the nine months ended April 30, 2016 the Company entered into a promissory note with a related party in the amount of $5,000. Pursuant to the terms of the note, the note is non-interest bearing, unsecured and is due on December 31, 2016 (See Note 6).  
   
 On October 13, 2013 the Company entered into a promissory note with a related party in the amount of $100. Pursuant to the terms of the note, the note is non-interest bearing, unsecured and is due on demand. In connection with the change in control in February 2016, the former CEO forgave the full amount due of $100 (See Note 4). 

NOTE 4   
     STOCKHOLDERS    EQUITY   

(A) Preferred Stock    
       
 The Company was incorporated on August 21, 2013. The Company is authorized to issue 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock with a par value of $0.0001 per share. Preferred stock may be issued in one or more series with rights and preferences are to be determined by the board of directors. As of April 30, 2016, no shares of preferred stock have been issued. 
   
    (B) Common Stock    
   
 The Company is authorized to issue 100,000,000 shares of common stock with a par value of $0.0001 per share. 
   
 On September 17, 2015, the Company issued 200,000 shares of common stock for $10,000 ($0.05/share).    
   
    (C) In kind contribution of services    
   
 For the nine months ended April 30, 2016, a shareholder of the Company contributed services having a fair value of $10,400 (See Note 6). 
   
 In connection with the change in control in February 2016, a company controlled by the CEO paid operating expenses on behalf of the Company totaling $94,907 which was forgiven and recorded as an in-kind contribution of capital (See Note 6). 
   
 In connection with the change in control in February 2016, the former CEO forgave a note payable in the amount of $100 (See Notes 3 and 6). 

(D) Stock Split    
   
 On June 10, 2016, the Company declared a two for one stock forward stock split. All share and per share data has been retroactively restated. 

NOTE 5   
     COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES   

(A) Consulting Agreements    
   
 On April 1, 2016 the Company entered into a consulting agreement to receive administrative and other miscellaneous services. The Company is required to pay $2,500 a month. The agreement is to remain in effect unless either party desires to cancel the agreement.  
   
 On March 1, 2014 the Company entered into a consulting agreement to receive administrative and other miscellaneous services. The Company is required to pay $5,000 a month. The agreement is to remain in effect unless either party desires to cancel the agreement. In connection with the change in control in February 2016, the agreement was terminated.  
   
    (B) Consulting Revenue     Related Party    
   
 On April 15, 2016, the Company entered into a consulting agreement to provide consulting services to Trendmaker PTE, Ltd, a related party. Amounts received will be recorded as an expense reimbursement. For the nine months ended April 30, 2016, no reimbursement was received in connection with the consulting agreement (See Note 6).  

NOTE 6   
     RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS   

For the nine months ended April 30, 2016, a shareholder of the Company contributed services having a fair value of $10,400 (See Note 4(C)). 
   
 In connection with the change in control in February 2016, a company controlled by the CEO paid operating expenses on behalf of the Company totaling $94,907, which was forgiven and recorded as an in-kind contribution of capital (See Note 4). 
   
 On October 13, 2013 the Company entered into a promissory note with a related party in the amount of $100. Pursuant to the terms of the note, the note is non-interest bearing, unsecured and is due on demand.  In conjunction with the change of control, this note was forgiven (See Notes 3 and 4) 
   
 On April 15, 2016, the Company entered into a consulting agreement to provide consulting services to Trendmaker PTE, Ltd, a related party. The amounts received will be recorded as an expense reimbursement. For the nine months ended April 30, 2016, no reimbursement was received in connection with the consulting agreement (See Note 5(B)).  

During the nine months ended April 30, 2016 the Company entered into a promissory note with a related party in the amount of $5,000. Pursuant to the terms of the note, the note is non-interest bearing, unsecured and is due on December 31, 2016 (See Note 3).  

NOTE 7   
     GOING CONCERN   

As reflected in the accompanying financial statements, the Company has minimal operations, has an accumulated deficit of $296,987, a stockholder   s deficit of $26,530, and for the nine months ended April 30, 2016, had a net loss of $110,304 and used cash in operations of $118,393.  This raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent on the Company   s ability to raise additional capital and implement its business plan. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. 
   
 Management is taking various steps to provide the Company with the opportunity to continue as a going concern.  During the period covered by this report, the Company has discontinued it   s eBook publishing operations and changed the focus of it   s business operations to the provision of management and consulting services.  In addition, subsequent to the period covered by this report, the Company has initiated efforts to raise additional operating capital through the private placement offer and sale of shares of its common stock.  

NOTE 8   
     SUBSEQUENT EVENTS   

Subsequent to April 30, 2016, the Company issued 295,000 shares of common stock for cash of $247,800 ($0.84/share).   

Item 2. Management   s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
   
 The following plan of operations provides information which management believes is relevant to an assessment and understanding of our results of operations and financial condition. The discussion should be read along with our financial statements and notes thereto. The following discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ significantly from the results, expectations and plans discussed in these forward-looking statements. 
   
  Overview  
     
 The Company was established on August 21, 2013 to publish eBooks under the Nuts and Bolts brand name. It   s business operations were conducted through its wholly-owned operating subsidiary, Nuts and Bolts Publishing, LLC. From inception through February 29, 2016, the Company conducted limited operations including publishing two eBooks and one online    self-help    course on how to start a freelancing business.  
   
 As reported in a Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 29, 2016, and filed on March 4, 2016, on February 29, 2016, there was a change of control of the Company.  Following the change of control, the Company retained ownership of it   s wholly-owned subsidiary, Nuts and Bolts Publishing, LLC, but elected to discontinue the eBook publishing operations previously carried on through that subsidiary.   

Plan of Operation  
   
 Following the change of control, the Company is now engaged in the business of providing management and consulting services to Trendmaker Private Limited, a Singapore entity whose subsidiaries include PhytoScience Sdn Bnd (a Malaysia entity), and PhtyoScience Private Limited Company (an Indian entity). Through its subsidiaries, Trendmaker Private Limited is engaged in the business of sale of stem cell products, cosmetics and healthcare related consumable products in Asia.  
 The management and consulting services which the Company will provide to Trendmaker Private Limited and its operating subsidiaries from time to time advice regarding advice regarding investor and public relations, market strategies, structuring of mergers, acquisitions, strategic relationship and alliances, obtaining debts or equity financing, and such other matters as the parties shall mutually agree upon.  
  Limited Operating History  
   
 The Company had limited operations in its initial business of eBook publishing, and since the completion of the change of control, has had limited operations in its new business of providing management and consulting services to Trendmaker Private Limited, and its operating subsidiaries. As a result, the Company   s operations to date provide no basis for evaluation of its future business prospects. There can be no assurance that management will be successful in implementing the Company   s new plan of operations in a way which allow the Company to generate sufficient revenues to meet its expenses or to achieve or maintain profitability. 
   
   Going Concern   
   
 As reflected in the accompanying financial statements, the Company has minimal operations, has an accumulated deficit of $296,987 and stockholder   s deficit of $26,530, net used cash in operations of $118,393 and has a net loss of $110,304 for the nine months ended April 30, 2016. This raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent on the Company   s ability to raise additional capital and implement its business plan. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. 
   
 Management is taking various steps to provide the Company with the opportunity to continue as a going concern.  During the period covered by this report, the Company has discontinued it   s eBook publishing operations and changed the focus of it   s   

business operations to the provision of management and consulting services.  In addition, subsequent to the period covered by this report, the Company has initiated efforts to raise additional operating capital through the private placement offer and sale of shares of its common stock. 

Results of Operations  
       
   For the three and nine months ended April 30, 2016 and 2015   
   
 During the three and nine month periods ended April 30, 2015, and during a portion of the three and nine month periods ended April 30, 2016, the Company was engaged in the eBook publishing business. Its eBook publishing operations during these periods were limited.  During the three months ended April 30, 2016, the Company generated $22 from these operations, and during the nine month period ended April 30, 2016, the Company generated $99 from these operations.   Following the change of control on February 29, 2016, these operations have now been discontinued.    
   
 Following the change of control, the Company is now engaged in the business of providing management and consulting services to Trendmaker Private Limited, a Singapore entity, and its operating subsidiaries. However, during the period from February 29, 2016 (the date of the change of control) through April 30, 2016, the Company   s operations in the management and consulting services business were also limited and did not generate revenue.  
   
 Because of the change of control and the change in focus of the Company   s business operations as of February 29, 2016, and it limited operations in both the eBook publishing business and the management and consulting services business, there is no meaningful basis upon which to compare the Company   s results of operations during the three and nine months ended April 30, 2016 and 2015.  
   
   Liquidity and Capital Resources  
   
 As of April 30, 2016, the Company had $5 cash on hand, but will require capital to implement its business plans and fund its operations. The required capital may not be available on favorable terms, if at all. The Company intends to continue to fund its business by way of equity or debt financing and advances from related parties. In the event we seek to raise additional capital through the issuance of debt or its equivalents, this will result in increased interest expense. If we raise additional capital through the issuance of equity or convertible debt securities, the percentage ownership of our company held by existing shareholders will be reduced and those shareholders may experience significant dilution. In addition, new securities may contain certain rights, preferences or privileges that are senior to those of our common stock. We cannot assure you that we will be able to raise the working capital as needed in the future on terms acceptable to us, if at all. 
   
  Critical Accounting Policies  
   
 We have identified the policies outlined below as critical to our business operations and an understanding of our results of operations. The list is not intended to be a comprehensive list of all of our accounting policies. In many cases, the accounting treatment of a particular transaction is specifically dictated by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, with no need for management's judgment in their application. 
   
 The Company accounts for income taxes under FASB ASC Topic 740 income taxes (   ASC Topic 740   ). Under ASC Topic 740, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. Under ASC Topic 740, the effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. 
   
  Revenue Recognition  

The Company will recognize revenue on arrangements in accordance with FASB ASC No. 605,    Revenue Recognition   . In all cases, revenue is recognized only when the price is fixed and determinable, persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, the service is performed and collectability of the resulting receivable is reasonably assured. The Company will generate revenue from the sale of eBooks which will sell from $2.00 to $10.00. The Company recognizes revenue from the sale of online courses when the course is purchased and the right of return has ended, net of commissions paid and discounts. 
   
  Recent Accounting Pronouncements  
     
 In August 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update    ASU    2014-15 on    Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40) - Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity   s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern   . Currently, there is no guidance in U.S. GAAP about management   s responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity   s ability to continue as a going concern or to provide related footnote disclosures. The amendments in this Update provide that guidance. In doing so, the amendments are intended to reduce diversity in the timing and content of footnote disclosures. The amendments require management to assess an entity   s ability to continue as a going concern by incorporating and expanding upon certain principles that are currently in U.S. auditing standards. Specifically, the amendments (1) provide a definition of the term substantial doubt, (2) require an evaluation every reporting period including interim periods, (3) provide principles for considering the mitigating effect of management   s plans, (4) require certain disclosures when substantial doubt is alleviated as a result of consideration of management   s plans, (5) require an express statement and other disclosures when substantial doubt is not alleviated, and (6) require an assessment for a period of one year after the date that the financial statements are issued (or available to be issued). The amendments in this Update are effective for public and nonpublic entities for annual periods ending after December 15, 2016. Early adoption is permitted. We are currently reviewing the provisions of this ASU to determine if there will be any impact on our results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 

All other newly issued accounting pronouncements but not yet effective have been deemed either immaterial or not applicable. 
   
  Off Balance Sheet Transactions  
   
 None 
   
  Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
   
 Smaller reporting companies are not required to provide the information required by this item. 
   
  Item 4. Controls and Procedures  
   
  Disclosure Controls and Procedures  
   
 Pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( Exchange Act ), the Company carried out an evaluation, with the participation of the Company's management, including the Company's Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) and Chief Financial Officer ( CFO ), of the effectiveness of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures (as defined under Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon that evaluation, the Company's CEO and CFO concluded that the Company's disclosure controls and procedures were not effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that the Company files or submits under the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Company's management, including the Company's CEO and CFO, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure as a result of continuing material weaknesses in its internal control over financial reporting. 
   
 During the assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, our management identified material weaknesses related to the lack of requisite U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) expertise of our Chief Financial Officer and our internal bookkeeper. This lack of expertise to prepare our financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP without the assistance of the outside accounting consultant hired to ensure that our financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP constitutes a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. In  

order to mitigate the material weakness, we engaged an outside accounting consultant to assist us in the preparation of our financial statements to ensure that these financial statements are prepared in conformity to U.S. GAAP. This outside accounting consultant has significant experience in the preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP. We believe that the engagement of this consultant will lessen the possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis, and we will continue to monitor the effectiveness of this action and make any changes that our management deems appropriate. We expect to continue to rely on this outside consulting arrangement to supplement our internal accounting staff for the foreseeable future. Until such time as we hire the proper internal accounting staff with the requisite U.S. GAAP experience, however, it is unlikely we will be able to remediate the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. 

Changes in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting  
   
 There were no changes that occurred to our internal control over financial reporting during our most recently completed fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
   
  PART II - OTHER INFORMATION  
   
  Item 1. Legal Proceedings.  
   
 None. 
   
  Item 1A. Risk Factors.  
   
 Smaller reporting companies are not required to provide the information required by this item. 
   
  Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
   
 None. 
   
  Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities.  
   
 None. 
   
  Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures.  
   
 Not applicable. 
   
  Item 5. Other Information.  
     
 None 

Item 6. Exhibits  

* Filed herewith. 

SIGNATURES  
     
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Trendmaker, Inc. Limited  

By: 
   /s/ Tan Sri Dato' Sri Lai Teck Peng 

Tan Sri Dato' Sri Lai Teck Peng, CEO and CFO  

Dated: October 26, 2016 

<EX-31>
 2
 exh312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1 

Exhibit 31.2 
   
  CERTIFICATIONS  

I,  Tan Sri Dato' Sri Lai Teck Peng , certify that: 
   
 1. I have reviewed this Form 10-Q of Trendmaker, Inc. Limited; 
   
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
   
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
   
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
   
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
   
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
   
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
   
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
   
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
   
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
   
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
   
 Date: November 8, 2016 
   
 By:  /S/  Tan Sri Dato' Sri Lai Teck Peng , Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 3
 exh311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1 

Exhibit 31.1 
   
  CERTIFICATIONS  
   
 I,  Tan Sri Dato' Sri Lai Teck Peng , certify that: 
   
 1. I have reviewed this Form 10-Q of Trendmaker, Inc., Limited; 
   
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
   
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
   
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
   
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
   
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
   
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
   
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
   
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
   
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
   
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
   
 Date: November 8, 2016 
   
 By:  /S/  Tan Sri Dato' Sri Lai Teck Peng , President, Principal Executive Officer  

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 4
 exh322.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1 

Exhibit 32.2 
   
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of  Trendmaker, Inc., Limited. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period year ended April 30, 2016  (the  Report ),  I, Tan Sri Dato' Sri Lai Teck Peng, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 1) The Report fully complies with the requirement of Section 13(a) or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
 2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the Company's financial position and results of operations. 
 Date: November 8, 2016 
 /s/  Tan Sri Dato' Sri Lai Teck Peng  
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 5
 exh321.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1 

Exhibit 32.1 
   
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Trendmaker, Inc., Limited (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended April 30, 2016 (the  Report ), I, Tan Sri Dato' Sri Lai Teck   Peng, President, Principal Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 1) The Report fully complies with the requirement of Section 13(a) or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
 2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the Company's financial position and results of operations. 
   
 Date:  November 8, 2016 
 /s/  Tan Sri Dato' Sri Lai Teck Peng 
   President, Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 til-20160430_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 til-20160430_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.INS>
 8
 til-20160430.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 til-20160430_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABELS LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 til-20160430_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 til-20160430.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

