<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161014_10-Q_edgar_data_1039757_0001213900-16-017519_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1347424</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>119800</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>85038</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>348875</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>434984</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>318460</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>44</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-16-017519.hdr.sgml : 20161014
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161014141850
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-16-017519
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		31
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160831
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161014
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161014

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NXChain Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001039757
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER INTEGRATED SYSTEMS DESIGN [7373]
		IRS NUMBER:				453977747
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0531

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-22735
		FILM NUMBER:		161936764

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11753 WILLARD AVENUE
		CITY:			TUSTIN
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92782
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(714) 832-3249

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11753 WILLARD AVENUE
		CITY:			TUSTIN
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92782

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AgriVest Americas, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20111207

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ROBOCOM SYSTEMS INTERNATIONAL INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000120

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-16-017519.txt : 20161014

10-Q
 1
 f10q0816_nxchaininc.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED
STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

   Washington,
D.C. 20549   

Form
10-Q   

(Mark
One)  

QUARTERLY
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

For
the quarterly period ended August 31, 2016  

TRANSITION
REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

For
the transition period from                      to                      .  

Commission
File Number    0-22735   

NXChain
Inc.   

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

Delaware  
         
      45-3977747   
 
      (State
    or other jurisdiction of  
incorporation or organization)  
         
      (I.R.S.
    Employer 
Identification No.)   

11753
Willard Ave., Tustin, CA 92782  

(Address
of principal executive offices and zip code)  

(714)
832-3249  

(Registrants
telephone number, including area code)  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has
been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.   YES       NO     

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).   YES      NO     

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,  accelerated filer,   non-accelerated
filer,  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large
accelerated filer      
      Accelerated
filer       

Non-accelerated
filer      
      Smaller
reporting company       

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). YES      NO    

Indicate
the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: 10,041,469
shares of common stock as of October 14, 2016.  

NX
Chain Inc.   

FORM
10-Q   

INDEX  

i  

PART
I.    FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

ITEM
1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

NX
Chain Inc.   

BALANCE
SHEETS   

See
accompanying notes.   

NX
Chain Inc.   

STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS   

  (unaudited)  

See
accompanying notes.   

NX
Chain Inc.   

STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS   

  (unaudited)  

See
accompanying notes.   

NX
Chain Inc.   

   NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

  (unaudited)  

Note
1 - Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies   

Organization   

NX
Chain Inc. (formerly AgriVest Americas, Inc. and Robocom Systems International Inc.) (the  Company ) was incorporated
under the laws of the State of New York in June 1982 and reincorporated in the State of Delaware on December 5, 2011. Since October
2005, the Company has been a  shell  company, as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended, whose sole purpose was to locate and consummate a merger with or an acquisition of a private entity (see  Plan
of Operations  below).  

On
October 11, 2005, we sold substantially all of our assets to Avantce RSI, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, for $2,970,000
in cash, plus a $200,000 promissory note payable over two years. On July 28, 2006, we paid a dividend to our shareholders totaling
approximately $2,760,000, which represented approximately 87% of the total assets at that time. On September 15, 2009, we paid
a dividend to our shareholders totaling approximately $217,844, which represented approximately 82% of the total assets at that
time.  

On
December 5, 2011, we entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of December 5, 2011 in order to effect a reincorporation
in the State of Delaware and to, among other things, change our corporate name from  Robocom Systems International Inc. 
to  AgriVest Americas, Inc.   

On
November 19, 2015, we entered into a common stock purchase agreement with Havanti AS, a Norwegian limited liability company, pursuant
to which Havanti purchased an aggregate of 1,040,839 shares of common stock for an aggregate purchase price of $200,000.  

On December 30,
2015, we changed our corporate name from  AgriVest Americas, Inc.  to  NXChain Inc.  and effectuated a
stock combination or reverse stock split, whereby every 33.7468 outstanding shares of common stock were converted into one share
of common stock. 

On September 26,
2016, we purchased certain assets of LXCCoin Ltd. ( LXCC) pursuant to an Asset Purchase Agreement dated as of September 26,
2016 (the  Purchase Agreement ) with LXCC. In exchange for the assets acquired, we issued to LXCC 14,243,000 shares
of our common stock. Following consummation of the asset purchase transaction, LXCC owned approximately 57.97% of our issued and
outstanding shares of the common stock, which shares gave LXCC effective control of our company. 

We plan to use the
assets acquired as part of our planned digital-currency payment processing platform that will enable other companies to provide
an assortment of online and mobile payment services for products and services that they sell. We plan to both white-label and private-label
its payment processing platform for other companies. In addition, we plan to further develop our payment processing platform to
support micro-payments, online paywalls, P2P lending and other popular digital-currency services. 

Plan
of Operations   

We
are a shell company with no operating business. As a result of the sale of the Purchased Shares, Havanti has acquired effective
control of our company. In connection with such transactions, our board of directors has determined to establish our company as
a provider of a digital currency, or cryptocurrency, to engage as a peer-to-peer lender utilizing such cryptocurrency and to engage
in other digital currency businesses. As discussed above, we intend to enter such markets by seeking and acquiring or merging
with one or more established companies in such industry, including possibly, one or more companies controlled by Havanti or one
of its affiliates or in which Havanti or one of its affiliates has an equity interest. Any such acquisition or merger may involve
the issuance of additional shares of our common stock. In order to fund such proposed business plan, we intend to raise funds
from investors by issuing our common stock, preferred stock and/or debt securities to fund future operations. Upon any such acquisition
or merger, the Company will cease to be a shell company as such term is defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended.  

Since
the sale of the Purchased Shares to Havanti in November 2015, we were able to raise only limited funds to engage in our proposed
business. Since October 11, 2005, we have not engaged in any operations and our business has been dormant. As such, we may presently
be defined as a  shell  company, whose sole purpose, at this time, is to locate and consummate a merger with or an
acquisition of a private entity.  

The
proposed business activities described herein classify us as a  blank check  company. Many states have enacted statutes,
rules and regulations limiting the sale of securities of  blank check  companies in their respective jurisdictions.  

We
intend to engage in digital currency businesses, and at this time, our purpose is to seek, investigate and, if such investigation
warrants, acquire an interest in business opportunities in such industry presented to us by persons or firms who or which desire
to seek the perceived advantages of a corporation whose securities are registered pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended (the  Exchange Act ). We will not restrict our search to any specific business or geographical location.  

This
discussion of our proposed business is purposefully general and is not meant to be restrictive of our virtually unlimited discretion
to search for and enter into potential business opportunities. Management anticipates that we may be able to participate in only
one potential business venture because we have nominal assets and limited financial resources. This lack of diversification should
be considered a substantial risk to our shareholders because it will not permit us to offset potential losses from one venture
against gains from another.  

We
may seek a business opportunity with entities that have recently commenced operations, or that wish to utilize the public marketplace
in order to raise additional capital in order to expand into new products or markets, to develop a new product or service, or
for other corporate purposes. We may acquire assets and establish wholly-owned subsidiaries in various businesses or acquire existing
businesses as subsidiaries.  

Unaudited
Interim Financial Statements   

The
accompanying interim financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in
the United States ( GAAP ) for interim financial information and the instructions to Article 8 of Regulation S-X,
and should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes of the Company filed in its
2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K. The financial statements as of August 31, 2016 and for the three months ended August 31,
2016 and 2015 presented in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are unaudited; however, in the opinion of management such
financial statements reflect all adjustments, consisting solely of normal recurring adjustments, necessary for a fair
presentation of the results for the periods presented. The results of operations for the periods presented are not
necessarily indicative of the results that might be expected for future interim periods or for the full year.  The
balance sheet at May 31, 2016 was derived from audited financial statements but does not include all disclosures required by
GAAP. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources   

The
Company s accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern,
which contemplates realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business for the twelve month
period following the date of these financial statements.  

The
Company s continued existence is dependent upon its ability to effect its business plan and generate sufficient cash flows
to support its operations, as well as to provide sufficient resources to retire existing liabilities and obligations on a timely
basis. The Company anticipates effecting future sales of debt or equity securities to execute its plans to fund its operations.
However, there is no assurance that the Company will be able to obtain additional funding through the sales of additional debt
or equity securities or that such funding, if available, will be obtained on terms favorable to or affordable by the Company.  

Further,
the Company faces considerable risk in its business plan and a potential shortfall of funding due to the Company s inability
to raise capital in the debt and equity securities markets. If no additional capital is raised, the Company will be forced to
rely on existing cash in the bank or to scale back operations until such time that it generates revenues or raises additional
capital, which raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern.  

In
such a restricted cash flow scenario, the Company would be unable to complete its business plan steps, and would, instead, delay
all cash intensive activities. Without necessary cash flow, the Company may have to scale back operations and expansion plans
during the next twelve months, or until such time as necessary funds can be raised in the debt or equity securities markets.  

Note
2 - Related Party Transactions   

Loans
Payable Shareholder and Convertible Note Payable Shareholder   

The
Company from time to time borrows money from a Director of the Company and the Company s CEO. At May 31, 2015, there was
$25,000 and $40,073 outstanding in loans respectively to the Director and CEO. On November 11, 2015, the Company converted all
amounts owed to these individuals into a convertible note and into shares of common stock, respectively. At the time of conversion
of the loan payable to the Director, there was $25,000 outstanding. This amount was converted to a $25,000 convertible note that
bears interest at 8% per annum with a maturity date of August 15, 2016. The note is convertible after August 15, 2016 at a price
per share equal to 75% of the closing sale price of the Common Stock, or the last bid price if the closing sale price cannot be
determined, on a material stock exchange or in the over-the-counter market on the trading day immediately prior to the conversion
date. If the note is not paid in full on or prior to the six-month anniversary of the issue date of the note and at the rate of
18% if the maturity date of the notes was automatically extended for an additional three months as permitted by the note, and
now bears interest at a rate per annum equal to the lesser of 28% or the maximum rate permitted by law. As the outstanding principal
and interest on the note was not paid in full at the end of such three-month extension period, the note is currently payable on
demand and the holder of the note may convert the unpaid principal of and interest on the note into shares of Common Stock as
described above. As of August 31, 2016, there was $25,000 of principal and accrued interest of $2,312 outstanding on this note.  

Notes
Payable Related Party   

On
March 2, 2016, the Company issued a promissory note to a company, which is affiliated with LXCC, in the aggregate principal amount
of $120,000 with interest at 8% per annum and a maturity date of March 31, 2017. At August 31, 2016, $100,000 of principal and
$4,400 of accrued interest were outstanding. On August 18, 2016, the Company issued a promissory note to this same party in the
aggregate principal amount of $20,000 with interest at 8% per annum and a maturity date of August 18, 2017. At August 31, 2016,
$20,000 of principal and $62 of accrued interest were outstanding.  

Expenses   

The
Company uses a consulting firm owned by the CEO for consulting services. During the three months ended August 31, 2016 and 2015,
we incurred consulting fees to this related party of $33,500 and $40,000, respectively. There were no payables outstanding to
this company as of August 31, 2016 or 2015.  

Other   

On September 29,
2015, we entered into the LOI to engage in a merger with LXCC, a privately-held UK company in the blockchain and digital currency
market, that is owned by the stockholders of our majority stockholder. Under the terms of the LOI it is expected that LXCC will
be merged with NXCN, which will remain the surviving entity, and that LXCC s shareholders will own approximately 90% of the
post-merged fully-diluted shares of NXCN. The letter of intent provides that, subject to certain exceptions, for a sixty-day period,
neither party may engage in negotiations or solicit proposals with another company with respect to an acquisition or a debt or
equity investment transaction, disposal of assets outside of the ordinary course, or, with respect to LXCCoin, sell any equity
or debt interest, subject to certain exceptions. 

On September 26,
2016, the Company canceled the non-binding letter of intent with LXCC and entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement dated as of
September 26, 2016 (the  Purchase Agreement ) with LXCC pursuant to which specific assets of LXCC were acquired by
the Company. In exchange for the assets acquired, the Company issued to LXCC 14,243,000 shares of the Company s common stock,
par value $0.001 per share (the  Common Stock ). Following consummation of the asset purchase transaction, LXCC owned
approximately 57.97% of the Company s issued and outstanding shares of the Common Stock, which shares gave LXCC effective
control of the Company. 

During the fiscal
year ended May 31, 2016, a consulting firm owned by our CEO acquired 283,042 shares of Common Stock for an aggregate purchase price
of $2,830. This amount was not received as of August 31, 2016 and is shown as a common stock subscription receivable on the balance
sheet.  

Note
3. Loan Receivable   

During
the fiscal year ended May 31, 2016, the Company issued a promissory note to Legend Merchant Group, Inc., an unaffiliated New York-based
company, in the aggregate principal amount of $10,500. This note bears interest at 8% per annum with a maturity date of September
30, 2016. As of October 14, 2016, this promissory note was still outstanding and in default. The Company is currently renegotiating
the terms of the promissory note with the borrower.  

Note
4. Notes Payable   

As
of May 31, 2014, the Company had $80,000 in outstanding principal on various notes originated between December 2011 and May 2014.
The interest rates on the notes ranged from 10% to 15% and the maturity dates ranged between October 2012 and March 2015. During
fiscal 2015, one note holder converted $5,000 in principal and $390 of accrued interest to 107,813 shares of common stock, which
resulted in a gain of $4,204.        

   Convertible
Note Payable   

On
November 15, 2015, the Company had $144,038 in outstanding payables from a vendor that it converted into a $75,000 convertible
note with the remaining $69,038 of debt being forgiven. The convertible note has interest rate of 8% with a maturity date of August
15, 2016. As of this filing, the Company is in arrears on this note as $75,000 is still outstanding. The Notes originally bore
interest at the rate of 8% per annum if not paid in full on or prior to the six-month anniversary of the issue date of the Notes
and at the rate of 18% if the maturity date of the Notes was automatically extended for an additional three months as permitted
by the Notes, and now bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the lesser of 28% or the maximum rate permitted by law. As the
outstanding principal and interest on the Notes was not paid in full at the end of such three month extension period, the Notes
are payable on demand and the holders of the Notes may convert the unpaid principal of and interest on the Notes into shares of
common stock at a price per share equal to 75% of the closing sale price of the common stock, or the last bid price if the closing
sale price cannot be determined, on a material stock exchange or in the over-the-counter market on the trading day immediately
prior to the conversion date. As of August 31, 2016, there was $75,000 of principal and $6,938 of accrued interest outstanding
on this note.  

Note
5. Subsequent Event  

On September
26, 2016, the Company canceled the non-binding letter of intent with LXCC and entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement dated as
of September 26, 2016 (the  Purchase Agreement ) with LXCC pursuant to which specific assets of LXCC were acquired
by the Company. In exchange for the assets acquired, the Company issued to LXCC 14,243,000 shares of the Company s common
stock, par value $0.001 per share (the  Common Stock ). Following consummation of the asset purchase transaction, LXCC
owned approximately 57.97% of the Company s issued and outstanding shares of the Common Stock, which shares gave LXCC effective
control of the Company. 

 The Company
plans to use the assets acquired as part of its planned digital-currency payment processing platform that will enable other companies
to provide an assortment of online and mobile payment services for products and services that they sell. The Company plans to
both white-label and private-label its payment processing platform for other companies. In addition, the Company plans to further
develop its payment processing platform to support micro-payments, online paywalls, P2P lending and other popular digital-currency
services. 

ITEM
2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   

Certain
statements in this Report constitute  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may
cause the actual results, performance or achievements of our company to be materially different from any future results, performance
or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause such a difference include, among
others, uncertainties relating to general economic and business conditions, intense competition for the acquisition of businesses,
and domestic and foreign government regulations. The words  believe,   expect,   anticipate, 
 intend  and  plan  and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned
not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date the statement was made.   

Overview

On
October 11, 2005, we sold substantially all of our assets to Avantce RSI, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, for $2,970,000
in cash, plus a $200,000 promissory note payable over two years. On July 28, 2006, we paid a dividend to our shareholders totaling
approximately $2,760,000, which represented approximately 87% of the total assets at that time. On September 15, 2009, we paid
a dividend to our shareholders totaling approximately $217,844, which represented approximately 82% of the total assets at that
time.  

On
December 5, 2011, we entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of December 5, 2011 in order to effect a reincorporation
in the State of Delaware and to, among other things, change our corporate name from  Robocom Systems International Inc. 
to  AgriVest Americas, Inc.   

On
November 19, 2015, we entered into a stock purchase agreement with Havanti AS, a Norwegian limited liability company, pursuant
to which Havanti purchased an aggregate of 1,040,839 shares of common stock for an aggregate purchase price of $200,000.  

On
December 30, 2015, we changed our corporate name from  AgriVest Americas, Inc.  to  NXChain Inc.  and
effectuated a stock combination or reverse stock split, whereby every 33.7468 outstanding shares of common stock were converted
into one share of common stock.  

On September 26,
2016, we purchased certain assets of LXCCoin Ltd. ( LXCC) pursuant to an Asset Purchase Agreement dated as of September 26,
2016 (the  Purchase Agreement ) with LXCC. In exchange for the assets acquired, we issued to LXCC 14,243,000 shares
of our common stock. Following consummation of the asset purchase transaction, LXCC owned approximately 57.97% of our issued and
outstanding shares of the common stock, which shares gave LXCC effective control of our company. 

We plan to use the
assets acquired as part of our planned digital-currency payment processing platform that will enable other companies to provide
an assortment of online and mobile payment services for products and services that they sell. We plan to both white-label and private-label
its payment processing platform for other companies. In addition, we plan to further develop our payment processing platform to
support micro-payments, online paywalls, P2P lending and other popular digital-currency services. 

Critical
Accounting Policies   

Use
of Estimates . The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements
and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates.  

Cash
and Cash Equivalents . The Company considers all highly liquid investments with a maturity of three months or less at the time
of purchase to be cash equivalents.  

Basic
and Diluted Net Income (Loss) Per Share . Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share is computed by dividing net income
(loss) by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding for the periods presented.  

The
Company calculates income (loss) per common share in accordance with ASC Topic 260,  Earnings Per Share . Basic and
diluted income (loss) per common share is computed based on the weighted average number of common shares outstanding. Common share
equivalents consist of warrants and are excluded from the computation of diluted income (loss) per share, since the effect would
be anti-dilutive. Common share equivalents, which could potentially dilute basic earnings (loss) per share in the future, and
which were excluded from the computation of diluted income (loss) per share.  

Income
Taxes . The Company employs an asset and liability approach in accounting for income taxes payable or refundable at the date
of the financial statements as a result of all events that have been recognized in the financial statements and as measured by
the provisions of enacted laws.  

Deferred
tax assets or liabilities are recognized for temporary differences that will result in deductible amounts or taxable income in
future years and for net operating loss carry forwards. If it is more likely than not that some portion or all of a deferred tax
asset will not be realized, a valuation allowance is recognized.  

Concentration
of Credit Risk . The Company maintains its cash principally at one commercial bank. Management does not believe significant
credit risk existed at August 31, 2016.   

Results
of Operations   

Comparison
of Three-Month Periods Ended August 31, 2016 and August 31, 2015 (unaudited)    

Revenues.
 We did not record any revenues related to our operations during the three-month periods ended August 31, 2016 and 2015.  

Selling,
General and Administrative Expenses . Selling, general and administrative expenses consisted of consulting fees, financial
personnel and professional fees, as well as other miscellaneous administrative expenses. For the three-months ended August 31,
2016, selling, general and administrative expenses decreased by $4,660 to $58,138, as compared to $62,798 during the three-months
ended August 31, 2015. This decrease was primarily related to decreased professional fees related to seeking a candidate for merger
and SEC filing requirements.  

Interest
Expense . For the three-months ended August 31, 2016, interest expense increased by $3,490 to $6,979, as compared to $3,489
during the three-months ended August 31, 2015. This increase was primarily related to borrowings under the convertible notes payable
from related parties and the notes payable.  

Income
Taxes.  No provision for or benefit of income taxes was reflected in the 2016 or 2015 periods, as the benefits of operating
loss carryforwards have been reserved.  

LIQUIDITY
AND CAPITAL RESOURCES   

Our
company s cash expenditures during the three months ended August 31, 2016 were limited primarily to amounts required for
the payment of consulting and professional fees in connection with our company meeting its requirements under the securities laws
and in seeking a candidate for merger.  

During
the three months ended August 31, 2016, we funded our operations with the cash derived from the convertible notes payable from
related parties. As of August 31, 2016, we had cash and cash equivalents of $430. As of August 31, 2015, we did not have any cash
and cash equivalents.  

Net
cash used in operating activities was $61,645 and $35,000 for the three months ended August 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. During
the three months ended August 31, 2016 and 2015, our company was not engaged in any revenue-generating operations. Cash used in
operations was higher in the 2016 period primarily as a result of increased costs related to professional and consulting fees.  

Net
cash provided by financing activities was $0 and $35,000 for the three months ended August 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. During
the three months ended August 31, 2016, we received a loan from a related party of $20,000 and repaid $20,000 to the same related
party. During the three months ended August 31, 2015, we received a refundable deposit on the former purchase agreement with Fision
of $35,000.  

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that our company will continue as a going concern,
which contemplates realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business for the twelve month
period following the date of these consolidated financial statements. Our continued existence is dependent upon our ability to
effect our business plan and generate sufficient cash flows from operations to support its daily operations, as well as to provide
sufficient resources to retire existing liabilities and obligations on a timely basis. We anticipate effecting future sales of
debt or equity securities to execute our plans to fund our operations. However, there is no assurance that it will be able to
obtain additional funding through the sales of additional debt or equity securities or that such funding, if available, will be
obtained on terms favorable to or affordable by our company.  

Further,
we face considerable risk in our business plan and a potential shortfall of funding due to our inability to raise capital in the
debt and equity securities markets. If no additional capital is raised, our company will be forced to rely on existing cash in
the bank and or scale back operations until such time that it generates revenues or raises additional capital, which raises substantial
doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern.  

In
such a restricted cash flow scenario, our company would be unable to complete its business plan steps, and would, instead, delay
all cash intensive activities. Without necessary cash flow, our company may have to scale back operations and expansion plans
during the next twelve months, or until such time as necessary funds can be raised in the debt or equity securities markets.  

ITEM
3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK   

The
Company is a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Act of 1934 and is not required to provide the
information under this item.  

ITEM
4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES   

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures   

The
management of the Company, with the participation of its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, conducted an evaluation
of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules
13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), as of August 31, 2016 to ensure
that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and
forms, and to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange
Act is accumulated and communicated to its management, including the principal executive and principal financial officers, or
persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on that evaluation,
the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of August 31, 2016, the disclosure controls and
procedures were not effective at the reasonable assurance level due to the material weakness described below.  

In
light of the material weakness described below, the Company performed additional analysis to ensure its financial statements were
prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Accordingly, management believes that the financial statements
included in this report fairly present, in all material respects, the Company s financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows for the periods presented.  

A
material weakness is a control deficiency (within the meaning of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (PCAOB) Auditing
Standard No. 5) or combination of control deficiencies, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement
of the annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected.  

In
performing its evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, management
identified a material weakness relating to the relatively small number of professionals employed by the Company in bookkeeping
and accounting functions, which prevents the Company from appropriately segregating duties within its internal control systems.
The inadequate segregation of duties is a weakness because it could lead to the untimely identification and resolution of accounting
and disclosure matters or could lead to a failure to perform timely and effective reviews.  

The
material weakness described above caused management to conclude that, as of August 31, 2016, the Company s disclosure controls
and procedures were not effective at the reasonable assurance level. Management will continue to evaluate the Company s
existing accounting personnel needs and intends to increase the Company s accounting and financing personnel resources by
hiring additional accounting staff. However, the Company will be unable to remedy this material weakness in its disclosure controls
until it has the financial resources that will allow it to hire additional qualified employees.  

Changes
in Internal Controls   

There
were no changes in the Company s internal controls over financial reporting during the most recent fiscal quarter that have
materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, its internal control over financial reporting.  

PART
II.     OTHER INFORMATION   

ITEM
6. EXHIBITS    

The
exhibits required by this item are listed on the Exhibit Index attached hereto.  

SIGNATURES   

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.  

NX
    CHAIN INC.    

October
    14, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/
    Michael B. Campbell   

Michael
    B. Campbell,  
Chief Executive Officer and 
 Chief Financial Officer    

Exhibit
Index    

*  
      XBRL
    (eXtensible Business Reporting Language) interactive data files are furnished and not filed or a part of a registration statement
    or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, are deemed not filed for purposes
    of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and otherwise are not subject to liability under those sections.   

16 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 f10q0816ex10i_nxchaininc.htm
 ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT DATED AS OF SEPTEMBER 26, 2016 BETWEEN NXCHAIN, INC. AND LXCCOIN LTD.

Exhibit
10.1    

ASSET
PURCHASE AGREEMENT   

dated
as of September 26 th , 2016   

among   

NXChain,
Inc.   

and   

lxccoin
ltd   

ASSET
PURCHASE AGREEMENT    

This
ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT, dated as of September 15, 2016, is by and among LXCCOIN, LTD., a United Kingdom company (  Seller  ),
and  NXCHAIN, INC. , a United States, Delaware corporation (  Buyer  ).  

P
R E M I S E S :   

WHEREAS,
Seller develops and provides various digital-currency software, apps, computer code, related services and products, all of which
in whole or in parts, can be used to facilitate smartphone commerce, micro-payments, cross-border trade, hybrid-payment systems,
new-to-old banking exchanges and peer-to-peer lending (the  Business ).  

WHEREAS,
Buyer is building its own digital-currency payment processing platform to facilitate smartphone commerce, micro-payments and payment
exchanges and desires to buy from Seller certain assets that will be used or useful in the operation of its contemplated payment
processing business upon the terms and subject to the conditions hereinafter set forth.  

A
G R E E M E N T S :   

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements contained herein, intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties hereto
agree as follows:  

I.  

DEFINED
TERMS    

1.1           Defined Terms . The following terms shall have the following meanings in this Agreement:  

Asset
Purchase Proposal   means any proposal for an acquisition of assets currently owned by Seller.  

Affiliate  
means any specified Person or Entity which, directly or indirectly, owns or controls the Assets to be acquired by Buyer.  

Assets  
means Seller s interest in the Assets to be acquired that are owned, leased or licensed on the Closing Date by Seller, including,
but not limited to, those items described in  Section 2.1 ,  

Chose
in Action   means a right to receive or recover property, debt or damages on a cause of action, whether pending or not
and whether arising in contract, tort or otherwise. The term shall include, but not be limited to, rights to judgments, settlements
and proceeds from judgments or settlements.  

Closing  
means the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement in accordance with the provisions of  VIII  hereof.  

Confidential
Information   shall mean (a) all of Seller s or Buyer s technical, commercial, marketing, strategic, business
or other information, data, plans and material of the kind either identified as confidential or proprietary or which a reasonable
person would recognize to be confidential or proprietary, either from its nature or the manner of its disclosure, or which has
not entered the public domain and (b) the terms and provisions of this Agreement and any other material information relating to
this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereunder.  

Consents  
means the consents of any and all parties necessary to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby.  

Contracts  
means all agreements, whether written or oral (including any amendments and other modifications thereto), to which Seller or any
of its Subsidiaries is a party or is bound by, related to the Assets to be acquired by Buyer.  

Database  
means any compilation of Proprietary Information or any other data or information that can be electronically searched, organized
or otherwise manipulated using Software.  

Encumbrance  
means any lien, mortgage, pledge, claim, security interest, imperfection in title or other third party right or interest of any
kind whatsoever, including without limitation any liability for Taxes, or restrictive agreement, conditional sales agreement,
option, encumbrance or charge of any kind whatsoever.  

Incidental
Intellectual Property   means (i) Licensed Intellectual Property consisting of Non-Exclusively licensed software and
computer code, (ii) Licensed Intellectual Property consisting of Exclusively licensed software and computer code, (iii) Owned
Intellectual Property consisting of computer and software code and registered and unregistered copyrights, trademarks, service
marks and source identifiers, and (iv) Websites or Proprietary Information describing or used in the development or maintenance
of the software or computer code, trademarks and service marks and websites used with the Assets to be acquired.  

Intellectual
Property   means all intellectual property which is recognized under the law of any jurisdiction anywhere in the world,
whether under common law, by statute or otherwise, as well as any intellectual property included in or covered by an Intellectual
Property Registration, including, but not limited to, intellectual property arising out of the following:  

(a)    United
States Letters Patent and patents granted in any other jurisdiction anywhere in the world, reissues, divisions, continuations,
continuations-in-part, reexaminations, renewals and substitutes thereof, foreign counterparts of the foregoing, term restorations
or other extensions of the term of any issued or granted patents anywhere in the world and extensions of the monopoly right covering
a product or service previously covered by any issued or granted patent anywhere in the world for the limited purpose of extending
the holder s exclusive right to make, use or sell a particular product or service covered by such patent (such as supplemental
protection certificates or the like);  

(b)    trade
names, trademarks, service names, service marks, product names, brands, logos and other distinctive identifications that can be
used in commerce, whether in connection with products or services, and the goodwill associated with any of the foregoing;  

(c)     original
works of authorship, derivative works and other copyrightable works of any nature, and fixations of any of the foregoing;  

(d)    Software, Databases and fixations thereof;  

(e)     uniform
resource locators, website addresses, domain names, website content and all fixations thereof;  

(f)     trade
secret rights in all Proprietary Information; and  

(g)    any
other intangible property similar to any of the above associated with the Assets to be acquired by Buyer from Seller.  

Intellectual
Property Registration   means an application (including provisional applications), certificate, filing, registration
or other document seeking or confirming rights in Intellectual Property issued by, filed with or recorded by any governmental
or regulatory authority in any jurisdiction anywhere in the world (including, in the case of patent applications, international
or multi-national applications filed in accordance with Chapter I of the Patent Cooperation Treaty or any other multi-lateral
agreement), including any and all amendments to any of the foregoing, together with all rights of whatever nature associated with
the foregoing.  

Intellectual
Property Rights   means the following: (a) all patents, patent applications, patent disclosures, and patentable inventions,
(b) all proprietary rights in know-how and technology and applications therefore, (c) all copyrights and applications therefore,
(d) all trade names, logos, common-law trademarks and service marks, trademark and service mark registrations and applications
therefore, (e) all rights in databases and data collections throughout the world, and (f) all domain names. Without limiting the
generality of the foregoing and for the purpose of clarity,  Intellectual Property  includes intellectual property
identified in clauses (a) through (f) of the preceding sentence, which may be embodied in: computer software (including source
code, object code, data, databases and related documentation); systems, processes, methods, devices, machines, designs or articles
of manufacture (whether patentable or unpatentable, and whether or not reduced to practice); improvements thereto; technology;
proprietary information; specifications; flowcharts; blueprints; schematics; protocols; programmer notes; customer and supplier
lists; pricing and cost information; business and marketing plans; and proposals as related to Assets being acquired by Buyer.  

Knowledge  
means the knowledge, after reasonable due inquiry, of Assets to be acquired by Buyer from Seller.  

Law  
means any law, rule or regulation of any federal, state or local governmental authority.  

Licensed
Intellectual Property   means Intellectual Property in respect of the Assets being acquired by Buyer which the Seller
has the right to use by agreement (such as a Third-Party License) with a Person or Entity (or another Person acting as an authorized
representative of such Person) claiming to own (or control the Seller s use of) such Intellectual Property, including, without
limitation,  open source,   freeware  or  public source  Software.  

Licenses  
means all of the licenses, permits and other authorizations issued by any federal, state or local governmental authorities to
Seller or any of its Subsidiaries used in the operation of the Assets being acquired.  

Material
Adverse Effect   means a material adverse effect on the Assets because of actions of the Seller.  

Object
Code   means the sequence of instructions in binary form that is generated from Source Code and that is intended to be
executable by a computer after suitable processing and linking, but without further intervening steps of compilation or assembly.  

Owned
Intellectual Property   means Intellectual Property in respect of the Assets being acquired (i) created or developed
by or on behalf of the Seller or (ii) to which the Seller has acquired, by purchase, assignment or other transfer, the unconditional,
unrestricted, exclusive right to control or prevent any and all use of such Intellectual Property by others without the consent
or approval of or payment to, any other Person or Entity.  

Operating
Agreement   means any Operating Agreement with Buyer in effect on the date hereof or supplemented from time to time in
the future required for the Assets to be acquired to be operated or developed further for operation.  

Person
or Entity   means an individual, partnership, corporation, limited liability company, association, joint stock company,
trust, joint venture, unincorporated organization or governmental entity or any department, agency or political subdivision thereof.  

Products  
mean any products marketed, sold or offered by the Seller in the operation of its Business.  

Programs  
means the Software and all Databases which are, or are proposed to be, either (a) purchased, (b) licensed or otherwise made available
to, or used to provide Services to, customers by the Seller as part of the Buyer s contemplated Business or (c) used in
the operation of the Assets to be acquired, in each case together with all Software Documentation with respect to such Programs.  

Proprietary
Information   means technical, commercial, marketing and other information, data and material of the kind which is or
can be used in the operation of the Assets to be purchased and which is normally considered to be confidential or proprietary
in nature including, but not limited to, any algorithm; procedure; idea; concept; strategic, business and other plan; research;
invention or invention disclosure (whether patentable or unpatentable); test, engineering and technical data and materials, know-how,
show-how or methodology; information provided by or otherwise relating to Seller s Assets being acquired by Buyer, including
identifiable information relating to; trade secret, process, design, formula, or other information or data which has not entered
the public domain, and all records or fixations of any thereof, including, but not limited to, laboratory notes, Source Code and
Software Documentation.   

Purchase
Price   means the consideration payable to Seller for the Assets as provided in  Section 2.33 .  

Registered
Intellectual Property   means all United States, international and foreign: (a) patents and patent applications (including
provisional applications), (b) registered trademarks, applications to register trademarks, intent-to-use applications, or other
registrations or applications related to trademarks, and any domain name registrations, (c) registered copyrights and applications
for copyright registration, (d) any mask work registrations and applications to register mask works, and (e) any other Intellectual
Property Rights that are the subject of an application, certificate, filing, registration or other document issued by, filed with,
or recorded by, any state, government or other public legal authority.  

Services  
means services offered or provided to third parties by the Seller in relation to the Assets to be acquired by Buyer, including,
but not limited to, license of, access to and use of Assets to be acquired.  

Software  
means computer code of any type (whether Source Code, Object Code or otherwise) in any programming or markup language, underlying
any type of computer programming (whether application software, middleware, firm ware, system software or otherwise) in respect
of the Assets to be acquired, including, but not limited to, applets, assemblers, coders, compilers, design tools, and user interfaces.  

Software
Documentation   means all records, technical and descriptive materials, documentation and procedures (including computerized
records, if any) existing and relating to the creation, acquisition, design, development, programming, enhancement, correction,
update, modification, translation or other manipulation, operation, use or maintenance of any Software or Database, and all embodiments
and descriptions of such Software or Database in any medium, including hardcopy versions and, if applicable, relevant Source Code
files and including, but not limited to, all computer tapes, disks and CD-ROMs containing embodiments or descriptions of such
Software or Database.  

Source
Code   means the human readable programming statements for Software that are created by a programmer with a text editor
or visual programming tool and that are used to generate Object Code.  Source Code also includes Software Documentation (such
as logic diagrams and flow charts, programmer comments and annotations, help text, data, data structures and instructions) where
such Software Documentation is stored within or associated electronically with Source Code files.  

Technology  
means any reduction to practice, physical embodiment or actual operational and technological use or application of one or more
items of Proprietary Information or other Intellectual Property, either alone or in combination with other assets, such as websites;
programs; computer systems and networks; databases; and specialized business methods and procedures related to Assets being acquired.  

Third-Party
License   means all licenses, agreements, obligations or other commitments under which a Person or Entity has granted
the Seller a right to use any Licensed Intellectual Property in connection with the Assets being acquired, but retains one or
more rights to use such Intellectual Property.  

Used
in the Business   means primarily used in, or necessary for the operation of the Assets being acquired as currently designed
or as currently proposed to be used.  

II.  

PURCHASE
AND SALE OF ASSETS   

2.1           Agreement to Sell and Buy . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, Seller hereby agrees to transfer
and deliver to Buyer on the Closing Date, and Buyer agrees to purchase on the Closing Date, specific Assets, as defined in Schedule
1.0,  Schedule of Assets Being Acquired , owned by Seller free and clear of any Encumbrances of any nature whatsoever.  

2.2           Liabilities . Buyer shall not assume or otherwise be liable in respect of, or be deemed to have assumed or otherwise be
liable in respect of, any debt, claim, obligation, or other liability of Seller related to Assets being acquired, regardless whether
such debt, claim, obligation, or other liability is matured, contingent or fixed, known or unknown, including, without limitation,
any liability or obligation to any of Seller s directors, officers, employees, equity holders or any of its Affiliates.
Seller agrees that it shall have discharged any liabilities or obligations related to the Assets being acquired prior to the Closing
Date.  

2.3           Purchase Price . The Purchase Price for the Assets shall be Fourteen Million Two Hundred Forty-Three Thousand (14,243,000)
shares of NXChain, Inc. Common Stock ( Common Stock ) on the Closing Date. The Common Stock shall be issued to the
Seller within fifteen (15) days of the Closing Date. The rights of and restrictions relating to the Common Stock shall be subjected
to Security Exchange Commission ( SEC ) rules and regulations common for transactions of the same type as the Asset
Purchase contemplated herein. The Seller acknowledges that the Common Stock shall be restricted under SEC rule 144 and will be
subject to such other limitations as shall be mutually agreed to between Buyer and Seller from time to time.  

III.  

REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES OF SELLER    

Seller
represents and warrants to Buyer as follows :  

3.1           No Violation; Authorization .   The execution and delivery of this Agreement and each other agreement, instrument,
document or certificate related to or arising from this Agreement (the   Related Documents  ) does not, and the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and compliance with the terms hereof and thereof will not obtaining
any required consents, approvals, authorizations, exemptions or waivers set forth, (i) conflict with, or result in any violation
of, any statute, regulation, rule, injunction, judgment, order, decree, ruling, charge or other restriction of any government,
governmental agency, or court to which Seller is subject or any provision of its articles of organization, operating agreement
or other organizational documents; or (ii) result in any violation of or default on the part of Seller (with or without notice
or lapse of time, or both) under, or give rise to a right of termination, cancellation or acceleration of any obligation or to
loss of a material benefit under or result in the creation of any Encumbrance of any kind upon the Assets under, any provision
of any note, bond, mortgage, indenture, deed of trust, license, lease, contract, commitment or loan or other agreement to which
Seller is a party or by which any of Seller s properties or assets are bound. The execution, delivery and performance of
this Agreement and the Related Documents to which Seller is or is to become a party have been duly and validly authorized by all
necessary action on the part of Seller.  

3.2           Due Organization . Seller is an entity duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the country
of its organization, and has full power and authority and all requisite rights, licenses, permits and franchises to own, lease
and operate the Assets that it is selling to Buyer. Seller is duly licensed, registered and in good standing in all jurisdictions
in which the ownership, leasing or operating of its Assets requires such qualification. Seller has no Subsidiaries.  

3.3           Binding Obligation . This Agreement (and when executed and delivered at Closing, each Related Document) will be duly executed
by Seller and constitute the legal, valid, and binding obligation of Seller, enforceable against Seller in accordance with their
respective terms.  

3.4           Assets and Title . Seller owns and has good and marketable title to all of the Assets being acquired by Buyer, and as of
the Closing Date, the Assets shall be free and clear of all Encumbrances. Neither the ownership nor use of the Assets conflicts
with the rights of any Person or Entity.  

3.5           Licenses . All licenses being transferred to Buyer from Seller have been agreed to by Licensors and do not require any further
approvals or other governmental authorizations.  

3.6           Contracts . Seller is not a party to, or bound by, any Contracts in effect on the date hereof that will restrict the use
of Assets being acquired by Buyer, including Contracts constituting licenses to software or Intellectual Property Rights of any
nature.  

3.7           Consents . No consent or waiver of any party is required or declaration to or filing with any governmental or regulatory
authority, or any other third party is required to (a) execute this Agreement, (b) consummate this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated hereby, (c) permit Seller to sell the Assets to Buyer, or (d) restrict the Buyer use of the Assets after the Closing
Date.  

3.8           Intellectual Property and Technology .  

(a)       
    Schedule 1.0  sets forth a true, complete and correct list of each separately identifiable item of Intellectual Property,
other than Incidental Intellectual Property, included in the Assets being acquired and correctly identifies whether a particular
item of Intellectual Property is Owned Intellectual Property or Licensed Intellectual Property.  

(b)       
  No Person or Entity has retained or been granted any rights or licenses in the computer and software code, technology or such
Intellectual Property included in the Assets being acquired and each such Person and Entity:  

(i)      either (y) is (or was at the time the IP Development Work was performed) a  bona fide  employee of the Seller or (z) has
duly executed a  work-made-for-hire  agreement with the Seller covering such IP Development Work; and  

(ii)     if such IP Development Work generated Intellectual Property or Proprietary Information that may embody or be covered by Intellectual
Property anywhere in the world, other than United States copyrights, has executed a valid written assignment of all rights of
such Person in and to the results of such Person s IP Development Work in favor of the Seller.  

(c)          
The Seller owns all right, title and interest in and with respect to all Owned Intellectual Property, free and clear of any Encumbrances
and the Owned Intellectual Property is fully transferable, alienable and licensable by the Buyer without restriction.  Seller
has no Licensed Intellectual Property Used in the Assets being acquired. All Proprietary Information of the Seller is confidential
and the Seller has not received (nor does the Seller have Knowledge of) any notice, claim or allegation from any Person or Entity
for any violation or infringement by the Seller of any rights with respect to any Intellectual Property or questioning the right
of the Seller to unconditionally use, possess, transfer, convey, distribute or otherwise dispose of any (i) Technology and (ii)
Owned Intellectual Property.  The Seller s use of the Technology and Intellectual Property used in the Assets being
acquired, past and present, has not and does not violate or constitute a breach of any agreement, obligation, promise or commitment
by which the Seller may be bound or constitute a violation of any laws, regulations, ordinances, codes or statutes in any jurisdiction.  

(d)      
   There is neither (i) any interference, opposition, cancellation, reexamination or other contest, proceeding, action, suit, hearing,
investigation, charge, complaint, demand, notice, claim, dispute against Seller alleging any violation of the Intellectual Property
or other proprietary rights of any third party nor (ii) any claim of infringement, misappropriation or other violation by the
Seller of any Intellectual Property or other proprietary rights of any other Person or Entity, in either case pending or, to Knowledge,
threatened against the Seller.  No governmental agency or authority has disputed the Seller s right to obtain or continue
registration of any Intellectual Property where the Seller has applied for such registration, except where such dispute has been
resolved in favor of issuing or continuing such registration.  

(e)       
   No licenses or other rights have been granted to any Person or Entity by the Seller in regards to the Assets being acquired, and
the Seller does not have any obligation to grant to any Person or Entity any licenses or other rights, with respect to the Assets
being acquired or other Intellectual Property associated with the Assets being acquired.  The Seller has no agreement to
indemnify any individual or entity against any charge of infringement of any Assets being acquired or Intellectual Property. 
To the Knowledge of Seller, there has been no unauthorized use, disclosure, infringement or misappropriation by any third party,
including any employee or former employee of the Seller, of any Assets being acquired or other Intellectual Property used or distributed
in connection with the Assets being acquired.  No claims have been made by the Seller for any violation, infringement or
misappropriation by third parties of any rights with respect to any of the Assets being acquired.   

(f)         
Neither the manufacture, use, offer for sale, sale, licensing, distribution, copying or other reproduction, transfer or disposal
of any Assets being acquired by the Seller (i) infringes or misappropriates the Intellectual Property of any other Person or Entity,
(ii) violates the privacy rights of any Person or Entity, or (iii) constitutes unfair competition or trade practices under the
laws of any jurisdiction.  The Seller has not received a notice from any Person or Entity that such Seller s manufacture,
use, offer for sale, sale, licensing, distribution, copying or other reproduction, transfer or disposal of the Assets being acquired,
infringes or misappropriates any Intellectual Property, violates the privacy rights of any Person or Entity, or constitutes unfair
competition or unfair trade practices.  

(g)          
With respect to the computer and software code being acquired:  

(i)      the Seller has delivered or made available to the Buyer true and complete copies of all code being acquired;  

(ii)     such code Documentation represents all documentation necessary to enforce the Seller s proprietary rights in such code;  

(iii)    the computer and software code Documentation (including the Source Code, system documentation, statements of principles of operation,
and schematics as well as any pertinent commentary or explanation for all code) includes all information that may be necessary
to render the code understandable and usable by a trained computer programmer and to support all current and prior releases of
the code;  

(iv)   the
code Documentation include all compilers,  workbenches,  tools, and higher level or  proprietary  languages
used for the development, maintenance, and implementation of the code;  

(v)    the code conforms in all material respects to the functional requirements, design specifications, documentation and other specifications
referred to in the code Documentation, and will perform substantially in accordance with the foregoing with respect to the most
recent release for each such code; and  

(vi)   except for code and software programs Documentation relating to Licensed Intellectual Property which has not been modified by
the Seller since the Seller acquired or commenced use thereof, the code and software programs Documentation for the Assets being
acquired has been faithfully and accurately compiled in accordance with standards generally practiced by companies whose principal
business is providing such code and software programs.  

(h)           Seller has no Intellectual Property Registrations related to the computer and software code;  

(i)            There are no Contracts with respect to the marketing, distribution, licensing, or promotion of any computer and software code
being acquired or any other Intellectual Property of the Seller by any independent salesperson, distributor, sublicensor, or other
remarketer or sales organization.  

(j)            The Seller is in possession and control of all copies of the Source Code and Documentation for the Assets being acquired, and
the Source Code and Documentation for the code has never been publicly disclosed or otherwise been the subject of an unauthorized
disclosure.   

(k)           The Seller has taken all actions which a reasonably prudent person in the Industry would take to protect against the existence
of (i) any protective, encryption, security or lock-out devices which might in any way interrupt, discontinue or otherwise adversely
affect the Assets being acquired or the Buyer s use thereof; and (ii) any so-called computer viruses, worms, trap or back
doors, trojan horses or other instructions, codes, programs, data or materials which could improperly, wrongfully and/or without
the authorization of the Buyer, interfere with the operation or use of the Assets being acquired.  

(l)            From the date on which the Seller commenced development or acquired each item of Technology or Proprietary Information through
the date hereof, the Seller has taken all actions which a reasonably prudent person would take to maintain such Technology and
Proprietary Information (including, but not limited to, its Source Code) as confidential and proprietary, to protect against the
loss, theft or unauthorized use of such Technology or Proprietary Information, and to protect and preserve the confidentiality
of all such Technology and Proprietary Information used in the Assets being acquired.  To the Knowledge of Seller, all use,
disclosure or appropriation of such Technology or Proprietary Information used in the Assets being acquired by or to a third party
has been pursuant to the terms of a written agreement between the Seller and such third party requiring, among other things, that
all Proprietary Information used in the Assets being acquired and disclosed to such third party be held in confidence.  All
use, disclosure or appropriation of Technology or Proprietary Information used in the Assets being acquired not owned by the Seller
has been pursuant to the terms of an agreement between the Seller and the owner of such Technology or Proprietary Information,
or is otherwise lawful.  

(m)          No government funding, facilities of a government agency or research or educational institution or funding from third parties
was used in the conception, reduction to practice, authoring or other creation or development of the Owned Intellectual Property
or Technology of the Seller used in the Assets being acquired.  No person was, at the time such person or entity contributed
to or participated in any manner in the conception, reduction to practice, authoring or other creation or development of such
Intellectual Property or Technology, also employed by or otherwise performing services of the same or similar nature for a government
agency, research or educational institution or other third party.  

(o)           All information known to the Seller and relating to any problem or issue that does or may reasonably be expected to adversely
affect the utility, operability, functionality or fitness for the intended purpose of any Asset being acquired has been disclosed
to the Buyer.  

3.9           Claims; Legal Actions . There are no actions, suits, proceedings, orders, investigations or claims pending or, to the Knowledge
of Seller, threatened against Seller, or pending or threatened by Seller, against any third party, at law or in equity, or before
or by any governmental department, commission, board, bureau, agency or instrumentality (including, without limitation, any actions,
suits, proceedings or investigations with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement), and to the Knowledge of
Seller there is no basis for any of the foregoing. Seller is not subject to any arbitration proceedings under collective bargaining
agreements or otherwise or any governmental investigations or inquiries (including, without limitation, inquiries as to the qualification
to hold or receive any license or permit), and there is no basis for   any of the foregoing. Seller is not subject to any
judgment, order or decree of any court or other governmental agency, and Seller has not received any written opinion or memorandum
from legal counsel to the effect that it is exposed, from a legal standpoint, to any liability related to the Assets being acquired.  

3.10         Compliance with Laws . Seller and the Assets being acquired conform, in all material respects, to all applicable statutes,
codes, ordinances, licensing requirements and other Laws (including all Laws governing Taxes). Seller is in compliance with all
Laws, decrees, filing and reporting requirements, awards and orders applicable to Seller, including those relating to marketing,
sale and distribution of products that may be derived from Assets being acquired; and there is not any liability arising from
or related to any violations thereof. No notice from any governmental body or other Person or Entity of any violations of any
Law in connection with the Assets being acquired has been received by Seller.  

3.11         Undisclosed Liabilities .   Seller does not have, and will not on the Closing Date have, any indebtedness, duty, responsibility,
liability or obligation of any nature, whether absolute, accrued, contingent or otherwise, and whether due or to become due, related
to or arising from possession or use of the Assets being acquired. There are no extraordinary claims against Seller by third parties
relating to acts or omissions by Seller arising outside the sale of the Assets being acquired.  

3.12         Brokerage . Seller has not incurred any liability for brokerage commissions, finders  fees or other similar compensation
in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement based on any arrangement or agreement binding upon Seller.
All such brokerage commissions, finders  fees and similar compensation contracted for shall be settled and paid at or prior
to Closing by Seller.  

3.13         Non-Competition . All of Seller s employees and independent contractors are subject to written agreements containing
non-compete or other restrictions or limitations at least as restrictive as those set forth in this agreement and in full force
and effect, valid, binding and enforceable in accordance with its terms.  

3.14         Full Disclosure . No representation or warranty made by Seller herein or in any certificate, document or other written instrument
furnished or to be furnished pursuant hereto contains or will contain any untrue statement of any fact, nor shall any such certificate,
document or written instrument omit any fact necessary in order to make any statement herein or therein, in light of the circumstances
in which it was made, not misleading. Seller have disclosed to Buyer all facts known to them that are material to the ownership
of the Assets being acquired.  

IV.   

REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES OF BUYER    

Buyer
represents and warrants to Seller as follows:  

4.1           Organization; Due Authorization . Buyer is a corporation duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing under the
laws of the State of Delaware, and has the power to execute, deliver and perform this Agreement and any Related Document to which
it is a party. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Related Documents have been duly and validly
authorized by all necessary corporate actions on the part of Buyer.  

4.2           Binding Obligation . Assuming due authorization, execution and delivery of this Agreement by Seller, this Agreement (and
when executed and delivered at Closing, each Related Document) will be duly executed by Buyer and constitute the legal, valid,
and binding obligation of Buyer, enforceable against Buyer in accordance with their respective terms, except that (i) such enforcement
may be limited by or subject to any bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws now or hereafter in effect
relating to or limiting creditors  rights generally and (ii) the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other
forms of equitable relief are subject to certain equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding
therefor may be brought.  

4.3           Absence of Consents; No Violation . Subject to Seller obtaining the Consents, no consent, authorization, approval, order,
license, certificate or permit of or from, or declaration or filing with any federal, state, local or other governmental authority
or any court or other tribunal, and no consent or waiver of any party to any material contract to which Buyer is a party is required
for the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and each of the Related Documents. Subject to Seller obtaining the
Consents, the execution and delivery of this Agreement and each Related Document by Buyer, and the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby and compliance with the terms hereof and thereof does not and will not, conflict with, or result
in any violation of or default (with or without notice or lapse of time, or both) under, or give rise to a right of termination,
cancellation or acceleration of any obligation or to loss of a material benefit under or result in the creation of any Encumbrance
of any kind upon any of the properties or assets of Buyer under, any provision of (i) the Operating Agreement or other organizational
documents of Buyer, (ii) any note, bond, mortgage, indenture, deed of trust, license, lease, contract, commitment or loan or other
agreement to which Buyer is a party or by which any of its properties or assets are bound, or (iii) any judgment, order, decree,
statute, law, ordinance, rule or regulation applicable to Buyer or its property or assets.  

4.4           Brokerage . Buyer has not incurred any liability for brokerage commissions, finders  fees or other similar compensation
in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement based on any arrangement or agreement binding upon Buyer. Buyer
shall pay, and hold Seller harmless against, any liability, loss or expense (including, without limitation, reasonable attorney
fees and out-of-pocket expenses) arising in connection with any such liability.  

V.  

COVENANTS
OF SELLER    

5.1           Agreement Not to Compete or Solicit, and to Maintain Confidentiality .  

(a)           For good and valuable consideration and in furtherance of the sale of the Assets to Buyer hereunder, in order to induce Buyer
to enter into and perform this Agreement, to ensure that Buyer obtains the benefits it reasonable expects to obtain hereunder
and to more effectively protect the value of the Assets, the Seller and their Affiliates (each a   Restricted Party  
and collectively, the   Restricted Parties  ) covenants and agrees that for a period commencing on the Closing
Date and ending on the fifth (5 th )   anniversary of the Closing Date, it shall not, directly or indirectly, either
for its benefit or for the benefit of any of its Affiliates:  

(i)      whether as principal, agent, independent contractor, partner or otherwise or by any other means, own, manage, operate, control,
participate in, perform services for, invest in, or otherwise establish or carry on any business or division or line of any business
which engages in a business substantially similar to or competitive with the business of the Buyer;  provided ,  however ,
that it will not be deemed a breach of this clause (i) if, subject to compliance with the provisions of  Section 5.1(b) 
below, a Restricted Party and its Affiliates collectively own beneficially or of record in the aggregate less than five percent
(5%) of any class of security which is publicly traded on a national securities exchange or actively traded in a recognized over-the-counter
market;  

(b)           Each Restricted Party hereby expressly represents and warrants that it has or may have knowledge of certain Confidential Information.
The Restricted Parties acknowledge and agree that all such Confidential Information is confidential and proprietary and that a
substantial portion of the Purchase Price is being paid for such Confidential Information and that it represents a substantial
investment having great economic value to Buyer, and constitutes a substantial part of the value to Buyer of the Assets. Each
Restricted Party acknowledges and agrees that Buyer would be irreparably damaged if any of the Confidential Information was disclosed
to, or used or exploited on behalf of, any Person or Entity other than Buyer or any of its Affiliates. Accordingly, each Restricted
Party covenants and agrees that it shall not, and it shall use its best efforts to ensure that any other Person or Entity acting
on its behalf does not, without the prior written consent of Buyer, disclose, use or exploit any such Confidential Information,
for the benefit of such Restricted Party or of any third-party, except that such Restricted Party may disclose, use or exploit
a particular item of Confidential Information if and to the extent (but only if and to the extent) that such item:  

(i)      is or becomes publicly known or generally known in the industry of the Business through no act of such Restricted Party in violation
of this Agreement;  

(ii)     is required to be disclosed to or by order of a governmental agency or a court of law or otherwise as required by law;  provided
 that prior to any such disclosure notice of such requirement of disclosure is provided to Buyer and Buyer is afforded the
reasonable opportunity to object to such disclosure;  

(iii)    is disclosed to such Restricted Party s representatives working on the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and in
such event, only to the extent necessary to evaluate or effect such transactions; or  

(iv)   has been publicly disclosed by Buyer after the Closing.  

(c)           Each Restricted Party expressly acknowledges that the covenants contained in  Section 5.1(a)  and  Section 5.1(b)  are
integral to the sale to Buyer of the Assets and that without the protection of such covenants, Buyer would not have entered into
this Agreement, that the consideration paid by Buyer bears no relationship to the damages Buyer may suffer in the event of any
breach of any of the covenants of  Section 5.1(a)  or  Section 5.1(b) , and that such covenants contain limitations
as to time and/or scope of activity to be restrained which are reasonable and necessary to protect Buyer s interests. If
this  Section 5.1  shall nevertheless for any reason be held to be excessively broad as to time, duration, scope, activity
or subject, it shall be enforceable to the extent compatible with applicable laws that shall then apply. Each Restricted Party
hereby further acknowledges that money damages will be impossible to calculate and may not adequately compensate Buyer in connection
with an actual or threatened breach by it of the provisions of this  Section 5.1 . Accordingly, each Restricted Party hereby
expressly waives all rights to raise the adequacy of Buyer s remedies at law as a defense if Buyer seeks to enforce by injunction
or other equitable relief the due and proper performance and observance of the provisions of this  Section 5.1 . In addition,
Buyer shall be entitled to pursue any other available remedies at law or equity, including the recovery of money damages, in respect
of the actual or threatened breach of the provisions of this  Section 5.1 .  

(d)           Each Restricted Party hereby expressly waives any right to assert inadequacy of consideration as a defense to enforcement of the
non-competition and confidentiality covenants in this  Section 5.1  should such enforcement ever become necessary.  

VI.  

SPECIAL
COVENANTS AND AGREEMENTS    

6.1           Taxes, Fees and Expenses . All sales, use, transfer, and purchase taxes and fees, if any, arising out of the transfer of
the Assets pursuant to this Agreement shall be paid by Seller. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, each party shall
pay its own expenses incurred in connection with the authorization, preparation, execution and performance of this Agreement,
including all fees and expenses of counsel, accountants, agents and other representatives.  

6.2           Announcements . Seller hereby agrees that commencing on the date hereof, Buyer shall control all external communications
regarding this transaction with the public, media outlets. Commencing on the date hereof, Seller shall not make any public announcement
or press release to the public, or media outlets concerning the Business contemplated by the Buyer with the Assets being acquired
or the transactions contemplated hereby without the prior written consent of Buyer.  

6.3           Cooperation . Buyer and Seller shall cooperate fully with each other and their respective counsel and accountants in connection
with any actions required to be taken as a part of their respective obligations under this Agreement, including but not limited
to the obtaining of Consents. After the Closing, Seller and Buyer shall take such actions, and shall execute and deliver to any
other party such further documents as, in the reasonable opinion of counsel for such other party, may be necessary to ensure,
complete and evidence the full and effective consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.  

6.4           Litigation Support . In the event and for so long as Buyer or any of its Affiliates actively is contesting or defending
against any action, suit, proceeding, hearing, investigation, charge, complaint, claim, or demand in connection with (i) any transaction
contemplated under this Agreement, or (ii) any fact, situation, circumstance, status, condition, activity, practice, plan, occurrence,
event, incident, action, failure to act, or transaction on or prior to the Closing Date involving the Assets being acquired, Seller
will cooperate in the contest or defense, make available its personnel, and provide such testimony as shall be necessary in connection
with the contest or defense, all at the sole cost and expense of the contesting or defending party.  

6.5           Prosecution of Rights . After the Closing, Seller shall take such actions, and shall execute and deliver to Buyer such further
documents as, in the reasonable opinion of counsel for Buyer, may be necessary to enforce any Contract, whether an Asset or Liability,
that contains any confidentiality and/or non-competition provision in favor of Seller or Buyer;  provided ,  however ,
that Seller will not, in respect of any Contracts constituting Assets or Liabilities, seek to enforce any such provision without
the prior written consent of Buyer. Seller shall fully perform its obligations under any Contract containing any confidentiality
and/or non-competition provision, shall not terminate any such Contract and shall not take any action inconsistent with the foregoing.
Seller hereby acknowledges, agrees and consents to Buyer enforcing all such confidentiality and non-competition provisions in
any Contract and Seller further agrees that Buyer may initiate legal proceedings to enforce any such provision in Seller s
name in Buyer s sole and absolute discretion.  

6.6           Transition . The Seller will not take any action that is designed or intended to have the effect of discouraging any lessor,
licensor, supplier, or other business associate of Seller from maintaining the same business relationships with Buyer or any of
its Affiliates with respect to the Assets being acquired after the Closing as it maintained with Seller prior to the Closing.

6.7           Confidentiality .  

(a)           Except as necessary for the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, each party hereto shall keep confidential any
information which is obtained from the other party in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby; and except to the
extent that such materials or information are or become readily available to the industry, have been obtained from independent
sources, were known to Buyer or Seller (as the case may be) on a non-confidential basis prior to disclosure or are required to
be disclosed in public filings or by law. In the event this Agreement is terminated and the purchase and sale contemplated hereby
abandoned, each party will return to the other party all documents, work papers and other written material obtained by it in connection
with the transaction contemplated hereby. This  Section 6.7  shall survive the termination or cancellation of this Agreement
for a period of two (2) years from the date of termination or cancellation.  

(b)           Notwithstanding
Section 6.7(a), prior to the Closing, Buyer may disclose confidential information obtained from Seller in connection with the
transactions contemplated hereby to (i) maintain vendor relationships, (ii) allow Buyer to conduct its due diligence review of
the Assets to be acquired, (iii) facilitate the transition and use of the Assets to be acquired from and after the Closing and
(iv) for such other purposes as Buyer sees fit in its sole and absolute discretion.  

VII.  

CONDITIONS
TO CLOSING    

(a)            Adverse Change . there shall not have occurred been any Material Adverse Effect to the Assets being acquired prior to the
closing of the Transaction.  

(b)           Good and Marketable Title to Assets . At Closing, the title of Seller to the Assets being acquired will be in the form described
in  Section 3.4  (free and clear of all Encumbrances).  

(c)            No Adverse Proceedings . No action, suit, proceeding or investigation before any court, administrative agency or other governmental
authority shall be pending or, to the Knowledge of Seller, threatened (whether orally or in writing) against Seller wherein an
unfavorable judgment, decree or order would prevent the carrying out of this Agreement or any of the transactions contemplated
hereby, declare unlawful the transactions contemplated hereby or cause such transactions to be rescinded, or which could reasonably
be expected to materially adversely affect the right of Buyer to own and exercise all rights under the Assets of Seller.  

(d)           Consents . All Consents and releases, if any, shall have been obtained and copies shall have been delivered to Buyer.  

VIII.  

CLOSING
AND CLOSING DELIVERIES    

8.1           Closing . The Closing shall take place within three days following the satisfaction or waiver by Buyer, in its sole discretion,
of all of the conditions to Closing set forth in  VII  hereof, or such other time, place and date as may be mutually agreed
upon by the parties hereto (the   Closing Date  ). Buyer shall notify Seller of the Closing Date not less than
three days before the Closing Date. The Closing shall be held at the offices of Buyer s counsel or such other place as shall
be mutually agreed upon by Buyer and Seller.  

8.2           Deliveries by Seller . Prior to or on the Closing Date, Seller shall deliver or cause to be delivered to Buyer the following,
in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Buyer and its counsel:  

(a)            Bill of Asset Transfer . Duly executed Bill of Asset Transfer, substantially in the form of  Exhibit A  hereto, from
Seller;  

(b)            Intellectual Property Assignment . Duly executed Intellectual Property Assignment with respect to the Intellectual Property
owned by Seller, substantially in the form of  Exhibit B  hereto, from Seller;  

(c)            Compliance Certificate . A certificate dated as of the Closing Date, executed by an officer of Seller which states that
the warranties, representations and covenants made by Seller on the date that this Agreement was executed continue to be true
in all material respects as of the Closing Date;  

(d)            Officer s Certificate . A certificate, dated as of the Closing Date, executed by Seller, certifying that (i) the resolutions,
as attached to such certificate, were duly adopted by Seller s board of directors and stockholders and members, as applicable,
authorizing and approving the execution of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and that
such resolutions remain in full force and effect, (ii) and as to the certificate of incorporation and by-laws of Seller attached
to such certificate;  

8.3           Deliveries by Buyer . In the event that Buyer elects to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, then
prior to or on the Closing Date, Buyer shall deliver or cause to be delivered to Seller (or a designee of Seller) the following,
in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Seller:  

(a)            Purchase Price . The Purchase Price of Fourteen Million Two Hundred and Forty-Three Thousand (14,243,000) shares of Common
Stock in NXChain, Inc. as provided in  Section 2.3  hereof.  

IX.  

SURVIVAL
OF REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES AND INDEMNIFICATION    

9.1           Survival . Notwithstanding any examination made for or on behalf of any of the parties hereto, all representations and warranties
contained in this Agreement or in any document delivered pursuant hereto shall be deemed to be material and to have been relied
upon by the parties hereto, and shall survive the Closing and shall be fully effective and enforceable for a period of twenty-four
(24) months following the Closing Date (unless a different period is specifically assigned thereto in this Agreement), but shall
thereafter be of no further force or effect, except as they relate to claims for indemnification timely made pursuant to this
 IX ;  Indemnification .  

(a)            Indemnification by Seller . Subject to the limitations and the provisions set forth in this Agreement, Seller shall, jointly
and severally, indemnify and hold harmless Buyer and its Affiliates from and against any and all loss, damage, Tax, expense (including
court costs, amounts paid in settlement, judgments, reasonable attorneys  fees or other expenses for investigating and defending),
suit, action, claim, liability or obligation (collectively,   Damages  ) related to, caused by or arising from:
(i) any misrepresentation or breach of any representation or warranty contained herein or in any Related Document by Seller; (ii)
the failure to fulfill any covenant or agreement contained herein or in any Related Document by Seller; (iii) any and all claims
against, liabilities and obligations of Seller and its Subsidiaries, or arising out of or related to the ownership of the Assets,
the Excluded Liabilities or the conduct of the Seller on or prior to the Closing Date; (iv) third party claims arising in breach
of contract, breach of warranty, product liability, unfair competition, personal or other injury, tort or infringement of property
rights of others or other third party claims, in each case which claim is with respect to any and all activities of Seller, any
Subsidiary or any Affiliate thereof in connection with the conduct of the Seller on or before the Closing Date; (v) any obligation
or liability imposed on Buyer by process of law as a successor to the Seller; and (vi) any and all actions, suits, proceedings,
claims, demands, assessments, judgments, costs and expenses, including reasonable legal fees, in enforcing this indemnity against
Seller. Seller agrees to pay for any and all Damages in the manner set forth in  Section 10.3 .  

(b)            Indemnification by Buyer . Subject to the limitations and provisions set forth in this Agreement, Buyer, shall indemnify
and hold harmless Seller against any Damages related to, caused by or arising from: (i) any misrepresentation or breach of any
representation or warranty contained herein or in any Related Document by Buyer; (ii) the failure to fulfill any covenant or agreement
contained herein or in any Related Document by Buyer; and (iii) any and all actions, suits, proceedings, claims, demands, assessments,
judgments, costs and expenses, including reasonable legal fees, in enforcing this indemnity against Buyer.  

9.2           Notice of Claims . Any party seeking indemnification shall give prompt written notice to the indemnifying party of the facts
and circumstances giving rise to the claim (the   Notice  ) for which such indemnified party intends to assert
a right to indemnification under this Agreement (  Claims  ). Failure to give Notice shall not relieve any indemnifying
party of any obligations which the indemnifying party may have to the indemnified party under this  IX , except to the extent
that such failure has prejudiced the indemnifying party under the provisions for indemnification contained in this Agreement.
The indemnifying party shall reimburse an indemnified party promptly after delivery of a Notice certifying that the indemnified
party has incurred Damages after compliance with the terms of this  IX ;  provided ,  however , the party receiving
the Notice shall have the option to contest any such Damages or its obligations to indemnify therefor in accordance with the terms
of this Agreement, at such party s own cost and expense. Such option shall be exercised by the giving of notice by the exercising
party to the other party within twenty (20) days of receipt of a Notice. If the parties do not agree upon the amount of Damages,
the party seeking indemnification may seek appropriate legal remedy in accordance with this Agreement.  

9.3           Assumption and Defense of Third-Party Action . If any Claim by Buyer hereunder arises out of a claim by a third party (a
  Third-Party Claim  ), Seller shall have the right, at its own expense and upon written notice to Buyer of its
intent to do so within twenty (20) days of the Notice, to participate in or assume control of the defense of the Third-Party Claim,
with counsel reasonably satisfactory to Buyer, and to settle or compromise any such Third-Party Claim;  provided ,  however ,
that such settlement or compromise shall be effected only with the consent of Buyer, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld.
Buyer shall have the right to employ counsel to represent it if, in Buyer s reasonable judgment, it is advisable for it
to be represented by separate counsel, and in that event the fees and expenses of such separate counsel shall be paid by Buyer.
Buyer shall have the right to control the defense of any Third-Party Claim, notwithstanding Seller s election to control
the defense, if it notifies Seller that it is assuming the defense of such Claim and that the indemnifying party is relieved of
its obligations to the claimant with respect to such Third-Party Claim, whereupon Seller shall be relieved of their obligations
under this  IX  with respect to such Third-Party Claim. Except as provided in the preceding sentences, if Seller does not
elect to assume control of the defense of any Third-Party Claim, Seller shall be bound by the results obtained by Buyer with respect
to such Third-Party Claim. Seller agrees to render such assistance as may reasonably be requested in order to insure the proper
and adequate defense of any Third-Party Claim. It is expressly agreed and understood that any defense by Seller of any Third-Party
Claims affecting or involving the Business shall not be conducted in a manner which adversely affects or impairs the value or
usefulness of the Business or the Assets.  

9.4           Remedies
not Exclusive . The remedies provided herein shall be cumulative and shall not preclude the assertion by any party hereto of
any other rights or the seeking of any other remedies against any other party hereto.  

X.   

MISCELLANEOUS    

10.1         Notices . All notices, demands and requests required or permitted to be given under the provisions of this Agreement shall
be (i) in writing, (ii) delivered by personal delivery, or sent by commercial delivery service or registered or certified mail,
return receipt requested or sent by telecopy, (iii) deemed to have been given on the date of personal delivery or the date set
forth in the records of the delivery service or on the return receipt or, in the case of a telecopy, upon receipt thereof if received
during normal business hours and otherwise on the next business day and (iv) addressed as follows:  

If
to Seller:  

LXCCoin,
LTD  

  3
Cambrian Terrace, Garndolbenmaen, Gwynedd, LL51 9RX, Wales  

  Attn:
Henrik Ellefsen  

  Telephone:
+45/50-190-000  

If
to Buyer:  

NXChain,
INC.  

 11753 Willard Ave. 

  Tustin,
CA 92782  

  Attn:
Michael Campbell  

  Telephone:
+1 (714) 855-8100  

With
a copy to:  

Pryor
Cashman LLP  

  7
Times Square, 40 th  Floor  

  New
York, New York 10036  

  Attn:
Eric M. Hellige, Esq.  

  Telephone:
(212) 326-0846  

or
to any such other or additional persons and addresses as the parties may from time to time designate in a writing delivered in
accordance with this  Section 10.1 .  

10.2         Benefit and Binding Effect . None of the parties hereto may assign this Agreement without the prior written consent of the
other parties,  provided ,  however,  that Buyer may assign this Agreement without prior written consent of Seller to
any wholly-owned subsidiary or Affiliate of Buyer. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties
hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns. Except as specifically set forth or referred to herein, nothing
herein expressed or implied is intended or shall be construed to confer upon or give to any Person other than the parties hereto
and their respective successors or assigns any rights or remedies under or by reason of this Agreement.  

10.3         Headings . The headings herein are included for ease of reference only and shall not control or affect the meaning or construction
of the provisions of this Agreement.  

10.4         Gender and Number . Words used herein, regardless of the gender and number specifically used, shall be deemed and construed
to include any other gender, masculine, feminine or neuter, and any other number, singular or plural, as the context requires.  

10.5         Counterparts . This Agreement may be signed in any number of counterparts with the same effect as if the signature on each
such counterpart were upon the same instrument.  

10.6         Entire Agreement . This Agreement, all Schedules and Exhibits hereto and all documents, writings, instruments and certificates
delivered or to be delivered by the parties pursuant hereto collectively represent the sole and entire understanding and agreement
between Buyer and Seller with respect to the subject matter hereof. All Schedules and Exhibits attached to this Agreement shall
be deemed part of this Agreement and incorporated herein, as if fully set forth herein. This Agreement supersedes all prior negotiations
and understandings between Buyer and Seller whatsoever with respect to the subject matter hereof, and all letters of intent and
other writings relating to such negotiations and understandings.  

10.7         Amendment . This Agreement shall not be amended, supplemented or modified except by an agreement in writing which makes
specific reference to this Agreement or an agreement delivered pursuant hereto, as the case may be, and which is signed by the
party against which enforcement of any such amendment, supplement or modification is sought.  

10.8         Severability . If in any jurisdiction any provision of this Agreement or its application to any party or circumstance is
restricted, prohibited or held unenforceable, such provision shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective only to the extent
of the restriction, prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof and without affecting
the validity or enforceability of such provision in any other jurisdiction or its application to other parties or circumstances.
In addition, if any one or more of the provisions contained in this Agreement shall for any reason in any jurisdiction be held
excessively broad as to time, duration, geographical scope, activity or subject, it shall be construed, by limiting and reducing
it, so as to be enforceable to the extent compatible with the applicable law of such jurisdiction as it shall then appear.  

10.9         Governing Law; Consent to Jurisdiction .  

(a)           The parties acknowledge and agree that this Agreement constitutes a contract pertaining to a transaction covering in the aggregate
not less than $1,000,000 and that their choice of law and choice of jurisdiction specified below have been made pursuant to and
in accordance with Sections 5-1401 and 5-1402, respectively, of the New York General Obligations Law. Accordingly, the parties
acknowledge and agree that this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York, as to all matters including
matters of validity, construction, effect, performance and liability, without consideration of conflicts of laws provisions contained
therein, and the courts of the State of New York have exclusive jurisdiction of all disputes with respect to an alleged breach
of any representation, warranty, agreement or covenant of this Agreement, including, but not limited to, any dispute relating
to the construction or interpretation of the rights and obligations of any party, which is not resolved through discussion between
the parties.  

(b)           The parties hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of any New York State or Federal court
sitting in New York County in any action or proceeding commenced by the other party or to which such party is a party arising
out of or relating to this Agreement or any Related Document or any transaction contemplated hereby or thereby. The parties hereby
irrevocably waive, to the fullest extent they may effectively do so under applicable law, the defense of an inconvenient forum
to the maintenance of such action or proceeding. The parties also irrevocably and unconditionally consent to the service of any
and all process in any such action or proceeding by the mailing of copies of such process by overnight courier to such party and
its counsel at their respective addresses specified in  Section 10.1 . The parties further irrevocably and unconditionally
agree that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding (after exhaustion of all appeals or expiration of the time for appeal)
shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law.  

[ remainder
of page left intentionally bank; signature page follows ]  

This
Asset Purchase Agreement has been executed by Seller and Buyer as of the date first above written.  

BUYER:  

NXCHAIN INC   

By: 
     /s/ Michael Campbell  

Name:   
      Michael Campbell   

Title:  
      Chief Executive Officer   

Seller:  

LXCCOIN LTD   

By: 
     /s/ Henrik Ellefsen  

Name: 
     Henrik Ellefsen  

Title: 
     Chief Executive Officer  

[Signature Page to Asset Purchase Agreement] 

Schedule
1.0    

1.0    
       Schedule of Assets Being Acquired    

1.1  
      The Digital-Currency Source Code:   

A.     The
                                         LXCCoin (Digital-Currency Coin) code.     

The
LXCCoin code being acquired is based on a bitcoin blockchain Open Source code in combination with Blackcoin Proof of Stake code,
with an overbuild of proprietary operating code developed by LXCCoin. The bitcoin code is defined as  Open Source ,
available on GitHub (Github.com/bitcoin/). The  Proof of Stake  code from BlackCoin is defined as  Open Source 
and available on Github (Github.com/Blackcoin). The bitcoin and BlackCoin code has been modified by LXCCoin under the Open Source
Licenses and developed to create the transaction protocols for the way LXCCoin handles payment transactions and how its keeps
and maintains it ledger.  

The
core LXCCoin code is a proprietary software composed of 407,424 lines of code. The blockchain formed by the code is tied to the
LXCCoin Digital Currency units as listed in item 1.1.B below. Several elements of the code have been released on Github as open
source, as it is constructed on open source platforms and the link to the node network and asset base listed in Schedule 1.1.B
and 1.1.I below, all of which together gives LXCCoin its unique qualities. The code is developed and modified to suit all standard
APIs, making the code versatile.  

B.     The
                                         LXCCoin node network.     

The
LXCCoin runs on its own operational and fully tested transaction network which is a closed loop system handling a minimum of 51%
of all LXCCoin transactions (the rest is done by outsiders participating in  staking  of the coin giving the coin
its distribution of its blockchain and new blockchain entries). The node network is cloud-based and is set up to be online
at all times around the globe, on separate servers and separate suppliers to ensure maximum uptime. In addition to ensuring quick
transactions and a close-to-100% uptime, the network provides access for new users to quickly synchronize new wallets with the
latest blocks, enabling rapid and correct updates. The system is fully scalable as needed.  

This
LXCCoin node network is a separate part of code. LXCCoin has developed and owns a proprietary node network with an exceptionally
high degree of security, including hardcoded IP tunneling access that is regularly updated with hardened protective layers. In
addition, the node network conducts testing and verification of the ledger and new block entries. The use of nodes increases the
speed of transactions and increases the number of simultaneous transactions done on the LXCCoin blockchain, enabling speeds down
to only 1.30 seconds for transactions too clear. The system is distributed on several cloud networks working both separately and
in unison, spread across several parts of the world, using Amazon, DigitalOcean, RackSpace and GoDaddy servers and systems. The
network will be gradually transported to NXCN once NXCN has established its own service agreements for these nodes to run on the
service providers mentioned above, and once the NXCN nodes are tested and tuned, the LXC owned nodes will be retired.  

The
node network  nodes  each embed a core wallet code running on Linux based systems and also interface with the LXCCoin-developed
QT-based Windows and Mac wallets.  

1.2  
      The Digital Currency Coin or  LXCCoins    

There
are 1,100,560,510 LXCCoins in issue on the date of signing of this contract, that are trackable LXCCoins issued on the LXCCoin
blockchain, bearing the ticker XWBC (the LXC ticker is in use by two other digital coins, and the added X is used by currencies
in general; XUSD, XEUR, etc). These are kept in wallets all owned by LXCCoin that will be transferred on or before closing with
the Buyer. The LXCCoins are kept in three main locations; in transaction support wallets on the node network used for  staking ,
on the LXCCoin owned  Swypto.Exchange for sales and liquidity purposes, and in offline vaults known as  Cold Storage .
Most are in offline vaults stored on USB discs, which will be transferred to the Buyer; the remaining are kept on the Swypto.Exchange
hotswap wallets, which are transferred to Buyer through the change of ownership of these accounts. Any released coins are stored
in  live  wallets set up for use by future support personnel working for Buyer or Third Parties employed by Buyer
for Buyer s account, or in the wallets of those who have purchased them. These are backed by, which will be transferred
to Buyer as a part of the transfer of assets.  

1.3  
      The Assumed Contracts   

As
a part of the purchase transaction, NXCN is assuming contractual rights and obligations from LXC. These are:  

A.     Swypto.Exchange
                                         Contract     

LXCCoin
owns a digital currency exchange ( www.swypto.exchange ) which is sells and manages LXCCoins. The parties agree that the
following contracts will be assumed or entered into on the date of closing:  

i.  
      The
    UK based digital currency exchange ( www.swypto.exchange ), will award a contract to list the LXCCoin currency as XWBC
    for a minimum of two (2) years free of charge   

ii.  
      A
    new Contract to buy and sell LXCCoins online through the Swypto.Exchange as freshly minted coins, on behalf the Buyer.   

1.4  
      The Brands, Trademarks and Copyrights   

All
developed trademarks, brands and copyrights, including LXCCoin, the modified  L /    symbol, the
domain names and logos listed below, and all the additional graphics revolving around the LXCCoin and coin-based services to be
transferred to the Buyer. This includes current websites, FAQs, T C statements and any additional documentation regarding
the Assets being acquired.  

A.     Websites/Domain
names are being transferred to Buyer:     

i.  
      cryp2.com   

ii.  
      cryp2p.com   

iii.  
      lxccoin.com   

iv.  
      wyrify.com   

v.  
      lxcbank.com   

vi.  
      swyptobank.com   

vii.  
      points2coins.com   

viii.  
      transfurs.com   

ix.  
      swypto.com   

x.  
      worldsbestcoin.com   

B.  
       Logos:

i.  
      The
    LXCCoin  coin  image   

ii.  
      The
    SwyptoBank  dragon  image   

iii.  
      The
    Wyrify  optical W+Y  logo   

iv.  
      The
    LXCCoin     sign with the line drawn in two parts top+bottom of the  L    

C.  
       Graphics:

i.  
      All
    graphics used in presentations and on the websites   

ii.  
      All
    created graphics in 3D representing the coin    

iii.  
      A
    shared right to the use of the Swypto Dragon also used by the Seller s proprietary exchange the  Swypto.Exchange ,
    transferred to either party should the other party decide not to use the dragon logo in the future.   

1.5  
      The Intellectual Property and Goodwill   

The
IPR as listed above (the different parts of code, the coins, the purchased software rights) is transferred to the Buyer without
any goodwill.  

There
is currently a minimal amount of LXCCoins in issue, which have 100% cash backing accounts. These accounts will be transferred
to Buyer in a way that funds remain exactly the same in value for any LXCCoin owners at time of the transaction.  

A.    Open
                                         Source license to the Bitcoin code (Freely available on Github) (only partially used
                                         code)   
 
    B.    Open
                                         Source license to the Blackcoin code (Freely available on Github) (only partially used
                                         code)   
 
    C.    Open
                                         Source license to the QT Wallet (Freely available on Github)   
 
    D.    Open
                                         Source License to Ubuntu LTS server 14.04   http://www.ubuntu.com/about/about-ubuntu/licensing )   
 
    E.    Open
                                         source Qr code license part of wallet software ( www.qrcode.com/en/patent.html )   
 
    F.    Open
                                         Source QT software (Licensed under GNU)  http://www.gnu.org/licenses/    
 
    G.    Node-JS
                                         server software  https://github.com/nodejs/node/blob/master/LICENSE    
 
    H.    Putty
                                         SSH software  http://www.chiark.greenend.org.uk/~sgtatham/putty/licence.html    
 
    I.    Open
                                         source Wordpress (webpages made in this)  https://wordpress.org/about/license/    
 
    J.    Burp
                                         proxy security software  https://portswigger.net/burp/eula-free.html    
 
    K.    OpenVas
                                         Security software (Licensed under GNU)  http://www.gnu.org/licenses/     

1.9  
      Mobile phone application developments   

A.     SwyptoBank
                                         iOS App     

A
software application for iPhone, developed by Luqon Solutions AB in Sweden for LXCCoin Ltd. The system is an App based solution
whereby any user or business can sign up and manage his accounts and wallets of LXCCoins on his iPhone or iPad using the graphical
interface. The App allows the user to purchase LXCCoins using credit cards as well as request and send LXCCoins from and to others.
Included in the Application is full SDK with documentation, software (source code and object code), tools, libraries, APIs, data,
files and design.  

B.     SwyptoBank
                                         Android App     

A
software application for Android Smart Phones that will be available on Google Play that is being developed by Luqon Solutions
AB in Sweden for LXCCoin Ltd. The system is an App based solution whereby any user or business can sign up and manage his accounts
and wallets of LXCCoins on his Android Smartphone using the graphical interface. The App allows the user to purchase LXCCoins
using credit cards as well as request and send LXCCoins from and to others. Included in the Application is full SDK with documentation,
software (source code and object code), tools, libraries, APIs, data, files and design.  

C.    The
                                         above Apps have been contracted for development by LXCCoin and will be completed and
                                         paid by the Buyer when it puts the Apps into use on it planned micro-payment platform.    

</EX-10.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 f10q0816ex31i_nxchaininc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
31.1    

CERTIFICATION    

   Pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. 1350   

   (Section
302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002)   

I,
Michael B. Campbell, certify that:  

1.  
      I
    have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-Q of NxChain Inc.,   

2.  
      Based
    on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
    to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
    to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based
    on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
    material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
    presented in this report;   

4.  
      The
    registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
    and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financing reporting (as
    defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:    

a)    Designed
                                         such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
                                         to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to
                                         the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to me by others
                                         within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b)    Designed
                                         such internal controls over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over
                                         financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
                                         regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
                                         for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)    Evaluated
                                         the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
                                         in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
                                         procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
                                         and   

d)    Disclosed
                                         in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
                                         that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
                                         fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
                                         or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control
                                         over financial reporting.    

5. 
     The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a)    All
                                         significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal
                                         control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
                                         registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
                                         and   

b)    Any
                                         fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have
                                         a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

Date:
October 14, 2016  

By:  
      /s/
    Michael Campbell   

Michael
    Campbell   

Chief
    Executive Officer and 
 Chief Financial Officer   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 f10q0816ex32i_nxchaininc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT
32.1    

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO   

   18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   

   AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   

   SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   

The
undersigned hereby certifies, in his capacity as the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of NxChain Inc. (the
 Company ), for the purposes of 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002, that to the best of his knowledge:  

(2)  
      The
    information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
    of the Company.   

October
    14, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/
    Michael Campbell   

Michael
    Campbell   

Chief
    Executive Officer and 
 Chief Financial Officer   

This
certification accompanies each Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent
required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended.  

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the
Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 nxcn-20160831.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 nxcn-20160831.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 nxcn-20160831_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 nxcn-20160831_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 nxcn-20160831_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 nxcn-20160831_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

