<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161101_10-Q_edgar_data_1023291_0001023291-16-000028_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>17808274</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>706095</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>866270</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6134592</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>7622739</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2162344</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>116</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001023291-16-000028.hdr.sgml : 20161101
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161101172148
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001023291-16-000028
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		109
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161101
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161101

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Energy Future Holdings Corp /TX/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001023291
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRIC SERVICES [4911]
		IRS NUMBER:				462488810
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-12833
		FILM NUMBER:		161965661

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ENERGY PLAZA
		STREET 2:		1601 BRYAN ST
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75201
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2148124600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1601 BRYAN STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 36060
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75201

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TXU CORP /TX/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000517

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TEXAS UTILITIES CO /TX/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19970805

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TUC HOLDING CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19960919

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001023291-16-000028.txt : 20161101

10-Q
 1
 efh-9302016x10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Document 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-Q 

x     QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 
    
    OR   
    
  o   TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission File Number 1-12833 

Energy Future Holdings Corp. 
    
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.   Yes   x      No   o 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).   Yes   x      No   o 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer" and "smaller reporting company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
    
  Large accelerated filer   o    Accelerated filer   o    Non-Accelerated filer    x    (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
  Smaller reporting company   o 
    
  Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).   Yes   o   No   x 
    
  At   November 1, 2016  , there were 1,669,861,379 shares of common stock, without par value, outstanding of Energy Future Holdings Corp. (substantially all of which were owned by Texas Energy Future Holdings Limited Partnership, Energy Future Holdings Corp. s parent holding company, and none of which is publicly traded). 

Table of Contents  

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PAGE 
       GLOSSARY  
      
    ii 
      PART I. 
     FINANCIAL INFORMATION  
      
      Item 1. 
     Financial Statements (Unaudited)  

Condensed Statements of Consolidated Income (Loss)    Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
    1 
        
     Condensed Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive Income (Loss)    Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
    1 
        
     Condensed Statements of Consolidated Cash Flows    Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
    2 
        
     Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  
    3 
        
     Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
    4 
      Item 2. 
     Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    49 
      Item 3. 
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
    60 
      Item 4. 
     Controls and Procedures  
    62 
      PART II. 
     OTHER INFORMATION  
      
      Item 1. 
     Legal Proceedings  
    63 
      Item 1A. 
     Risk Factors  
    63 
      Item 4. 
     Mine Safety Disclosures  
    63 
      Item 6. 
     Exhibits  
    64 
       SIGNATURE  
      
    66 

Energy Future Holdings Corp.'s (EFH Corp.) annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those reports are made available to the public, free of charge, on the EFH Corp. website at   http://www.energyfutureholdings.com  , as soon as reasonably practicable after they have been filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission.  The information on EFH Corp.'s website shall not be deemed a part of, or incorporated by reference into, this quarterly report on Form 10-Q.  The representations and warranties contained in any agreement that we have filed as an exhibit to this quarterly report on Form 10-Q, or that we have or may publicly file in the future, may contain representations and warranties made by and to the parties thereto at specific dates.  Such representations and warranties may be subject to exceptions and qualifications contained in separate disclosure schedules, may represent the parties' risk allocation in the particular transaction, or may be qualified by materiality standards that differ from what may be viewed as material for securities law purposes. 
    
  This quarterly report on Form 10-Q and other Securities and Exchange Commission filings of EFH Corp. and its subsidiaries occasionally make references to EFH Corp. (or "we," "our," "us" or "the Company"), EFCH, EFIH, TCEH, TXU Energy, Luminant, Oncor Holdings or Oncor when describing actions, rights or obligations of their respective subsidiaries.  These references reflect the fact that the subsidiaries are consolidated with, or otherwise reflected in, their respective parent company's financial statements for financial reporting purposes.  However, these references should not be interpreted to imply that the parent company is actually undertaking the action or has the rights or obligations of the relevant subsidiary company or vice versa. 

i 

Table of Contents  

GLOSSARY 
    
  When the following terms and abbreviations appear in the text of this report, they have the meanings indicated below. 
                   2015 Form 10-K 
      
    EFH Corp.'s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 

Chapter 11 Cases 
      
    Cases being heard in the US Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware (Bankruptcy Court) concerning voluntary petitions for relief under Chapter 11 of the US Bankruptcy Code (Bankruptcy Code) filed on April 29, 2014 by the Debtors 

Competitive Electric segment 
      
    prior to the Effective Date, the EFH Corp. business segment that consisted principally of TCEH 

Contributed EFH Debtors 
      
    certain EFH Debtors that became subsidiaries of Reorganized TCEH on the Effective Date 

CSAPR 
      
    the final Cross-State Air Pollution Rule issued by the EPA in July 2011 

DIP Facilities 
      
    Refers, collectively, to the TCEH DIP Roll Facilities, the TCEH DIP Facility and the EFIH DIP Facility.  See Note 10 to the Financial Statements. 

Debtors 
      
    EFH Corp. and the majority of its direct and indirect subsidiaries, including EFIH, EFCH and TCEH but excluding the Oncor Ring-Fenced Entities.  Prior to the Effective Date, also included the TCEH Debtors and the Contributed EFH Debtors. 

Disclosure Statement 
      
    Disclosure Statement for the Debtors' Joint Plan of Reorganization Pursuant to Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code filed by the Debtors with the Bankruptcy Court in August 2016 

D.C. Circuit Court 
      
    US Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit 

Effective Date 
      
    October 3, 2016, the date the TCEH Debtors and the Contributed EFH Debtors completed their reorganization under the Bankruptcy Code and emerged from the Chapter 11 Cases 

EFCH 
      
    Energy Future Competitive Holdings Company LLC, a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of EFH Corp. and, prior to the Effective Date, the indirect parent of the TCEH Debtors, depending on context 

EFH Corp. 
      
    Energy Future Holdings Corp. and/or its subsidiaries, depending on context, whose major subsidiaries include Oncor and, prior to the Effective Date, included the TCEH Debtors and the Contributed EFH Debtors 

EFH Debtors 
      
    EFH Corp. and its subsidiaries that are Debtors in the Chapter 11 Cases, including the EFIH Debtors, but excluding the TCEH Debtors and the Contributed EFH Debtors 

EFH Debtors Plan Support Agreement 
      
    Agreement to support the reorganization of the EFH Debtors pursuant to the Plan of Reorganization entered into in September 2016 by the EFH Debtors and affiliates of NextEra Energy Inc. and approved by the Bankruptcy Court in September 2016 

EFIH 
      
    Energy Future Intermediate Holding Company LLC, a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of EFH Corp. and the direct parent of Oncor Holdings 

EFIH Debtors 
      
    EFIH and EFIH Finance 

EFIH DIP Facility 
      
    EFIH's and EFIH Finance's $5.475 billion debtor-in-possession financing facility.  See Note 10 to the Financial Statements. 

EFIH Finance 
      
    EFIH Finance Inc., a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of EFIH, formed for the sole purpose of serving as co-issuer with EFIH of certain debt securities 

EFIH First Lien Notes 
      
    EFIH's and EFIH Finance's 6.875% Senior Secured First Lien Notes and 10.000% Senior Secured First Lien Notes exchanged or settled in June 2014 as discussed in Note 10 to the Financial Statements, collectively 

EFIH PIK Notes 
      
    EFIH's and EFIH Finance's $1.530 billion principal amount of 11.25%/12.25% Senior Toggle Notes 
      EFIH Second Lien Notes 
      
    EFIH's and EFIH Finance's $322 million principal amount of 11% Senior Secured Second Lien Notes and $1.389 billion principal amount of 11.75% Senior Secured Second Lien Notes, collectively 

EPA 
      
    US Environmental Protection Agency 

ii 

     Table of Contents  

ERCOT 
      
    Electric Reliability Council of Texas, Inc., the independent system operator and the regional coordinator of various electricity systems within Texas 

ERISA 
      
    Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended 

Federal and State Income Tax Allocation Agreements 
      
    Prior to the Effective Date, EFH Corp. and certain of its subsidiaries (including EFCH, EFIH and TCEH, but not including Oncor Holdings and Oncor) were parties to a Federal and State Income Tax Allocation Agreement, executed in May 2012 but effective as of January 2010.  The Agreement was rejected by the TCEH Debtors and the Contributed EFH Debtors on the Effective Date.  EFH Corp., Oncor Holdings, Oncor, Texas Transmission, and Oncor Management Investment LLC are parties to a separate Federal and State Income Tax Allocation Agreement dated November 2008.  See Note 6 to the Financial Statements and   Management's Discussion and Analysis,   under   Financial Condition. 

FERC 
      
    US Federal Energy Regulatory Commission 

Fifth Circuit Court 
      
    US Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit 

GAAP 
      
    generally accepted accounting principles 

GHG 
      
    greenhouse gas 

GWh 
      
    gigawatt-hours 

ICE 
      
    the IntercontinentalExchange, an electronic commodity derivative exchange 

IRS 
      
    US Internal Revenue Service 

LIBOR 
      
    London Interbank Offered Rate, an interest rate at which banks can borrow funds, in marketable size, from other banks in the London interbank market 

LSTC 
      
    liabilities subject to compromise 

Luminant 
      
    subsidiaries of Reorganized TCEH engaged in competitive market activities consisting of electricity generation and wholesale energy sales and purchases as well as commodity risk management, all largely in Texas 

market heat rate 
      
    Heat rate is a measure of the efficiency of converting a fuel source to electricity.  Market heat rate is the implied relationship between wholesale electricity prices and natural gas prices and is calculated by dividing the wholesale market price of electricity, which is based on the price offer of the marginal supplier in ERCOT (generally natural gas plants), by the market price of natural gas.  Forward wholesale electricity market price quotes in ERCOT are generally limited to two or three years; accordingly, forward market heat rates are generally limited to the same time period.  Forecasted market heat rates for time periods for which market price quotes are not available are based on fundamental economic factors and forecasts, including electricity supply, demand growth, capital costs associated with new construction of generation supply, transmission development and other factors. 

MATS 
      
    the Mercury and Air Toxics Standard established by the EPA 

Merger 
      
    the transaction referred to in the Agreement and Plan of Merger under which Texas Holdings agreed to acquire EFH Corp., which was completed on October 10, 2007 

MMBtu 
      
    million British thermal units 

MW 
      
    megawatts 

MWh 
      
    megawatt-hours 

NO   X  
      
    nitrogen oxide 

NRC 
      
    US Nuclear Regulatory Commission 

NYMEX 
      
    the New York Mercantile Exchange, a commodity derivatives exchange 

Oncor 
      
    Oncor Electric Delivery Company LLC, a direct, majority-owned subsidiary of Oncor Holdings and an indirect subsidiary of EFH Corp., that is engaged in regulated electricity transmission and distribution activities 

Oncor Holdings 
      
    Oncor Electric Delivery Holdings Company LLC, a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of EFIH and the direct majority owner of Oncor, and/or its subsidiaries, depending on context 

iii 

     Table of Contents  

Oncor Ring-Fenced Entities 
      
    Oncor Holdings and its direct and indirect subsidiaries, including Oncor 

OPEB 
      
    postretirement employee benefits other than pensions 

Petition Date 
      
    April 29, 2014, the date the Debtors made the Bankruptcy Filing 

Plan of Reorganization 
      
    Fourth Amended Joint Plan of Reorganization filed by the Debtors with the Bankruptcy Court in September 2016 

Plan Support Agreement 
      
    Third Amendment to the Amended and Restated Plan Support Agreement, entered into in December 2015, amending and restating the Plan Support Agreement 

PUCT 
      
    Public Utility Commission of Texas 

purchase accounting 
      
    The purchase method of accounting for a business combination as prescribed by US GAAP, whereby the cost or "purchase price" of a business combination, including the amount paid for the equity and direct transaction costs, are allocated to identifiable assets and liabilities (including intangible assets) based upon their fair values.  The excess of the purchase price over the fair values of assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill. 

Reorganized TCEH 
      
    TCEH Corp., and/or its subsidiaries, depending on context.  On the Effective Date, the TCEH Debtors and the Contributed EFH Debtors emerged from Chapter 11 and became subsidiaries of TCEH Corp.  Subsequent to the Effective Date, TCEH Corp. continued substantially the same operations as TCEH. 

Regulated Delivery segment 
      
    the EFH Corp. business segment that consists primarily of our investment in Oncor 

REP 
      
    retail electric provider 

RCT 
      
    Railroad Commission of Texas, which among other things, has oversight of lignite mining activity in Texas 

S P 
      
    Standard   Poor's Ratings (a credit rating agency) 

SEC 
      
    US Securities and Exchange Commission 

Securities Act 
      
    Securities Act of 1933, as amended 

SG A 
      
    selling, general and administrative 

Settlement Agreement 
      
    Amended and Restated Settlement Agreement among the Debtors, the Sponsor Group, settling TCEH first lien creditors, settling TCEH second lien creditors, settling TCEH unsecured creditors and the official committee of unsecured creditors of TCEH (collectively, the Settling Parties), approved by the Bankruptcy Court in December 2015.  See Note 2 to the Financial Statements. 

SO   2  
      
    sulfur dioxide 

Sponsor Group 
      
    Refers, collectively, to certain investment funds affiliated with Kohlberg Kravis Roberts   Co. L.P., TPG Global, LLC (together with its affiliates, TPG) and GS Capital Partners, an affiliate of Goldman, Sachs   Co., that have an ownership interest in Texas Holdings 

TCEH 
      
    Texas Competitive Electric Holdings Company LLC, a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of EFCH and, prior to the Effective Date, the parent company of the TCEH Debtors, depending on context, that were engaged in electricity generation and wholesale and retail energy market activities, and whose major subsidiaries included Luminant and TXU Energy.  Subsequent to the Effective Date, TCEH Corp. continued substantially the same operations as TCEH. 
      TCEH Debtors 
      
    the subsidiaries of TCEH that were Debtors in the Chapter 11 Cases 

TCEH DIP Facility 
      
    TCEH's $3.375 billion debtor-in-possession financing facility, which was repaid in August 2016.  See Note 10 to the Financial Statements. 

TCEH DIP Roll Facilities 
      
    TCEH's $4.250 billion debtor-in-possession to exit financing facility.  See Note 10 to the Financial Statements. 

TCEH Finance 
      
    TCEH Finance, Inc., a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of TCEH, formed for the sole purpose of serving as co-issuer with TCEH of certain debt securities.  TCEH Finance, Inc. was dissolved on the Effective Date. 

iv 

     Table of Contents  

TCEH Senior Secured Facilities 
      
    Refers, collectively, to the TCEH First Lien Term Loan Facilities, TCEH First Lien Revolving Credit Facility and TCEH First Lien Letter of Credit Facility with a total principal amount of $22.616 billion.  The claims arising under these facilities were discharged in the Chapter 11 Cases on the Effective Date pursuant to the Plan of Reorganization. 

TCEH Senior Secured Notes 
      
    TCEH's and TCEH Finance's $1.750 billion principal amount of 11.5% First Lien Senior Secured Notes.  The claims arising under these notes were discharged in the Chapter 11 Cases on the Effective Date pursuant to the Plan of Reorganization. 

TCEQ 
      
    Texas Commission on Environmental Quality 

Texas Holdings 
      
    Texas Energy Future Holdings Limited Partnership, a limited partnership controlled by the Sponsor Group, that owns substantially all of the common stock of EFH Corp. 

Texas Holdings Group 
      
    Texas Holdings and its direct and indirect subsidiaries other than the Oncor Ring-Fenced Entities 

Texas Transmission 
      
    Texas Transmission Investment LLC, a limited liability company that owns a 19.75% equity interest in Oncor and is not affiliated with EFH Corp., any of EFH Corp.'s subsidiaries or any member of the Sponsor Group 

TXU Energy 
      
    TXU Energy Retail Company LLC, a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of Reorganized TCEH that is a REP in competitive areas of ERCOT and is engaged in the retail sale of electricity to residential and business customers 

US 
      
    United States of America 

VIE 
      
    variable interest entity 

v 

Table of Contents  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

ENERGY FUTURE HOLDINGS CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES, A DEBTOR-IN-POSSESSION 
  CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CONSOLIDATED INCOME (LOSS) 
  (Unaudited) 

See Notes to the Financial Statements. 

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CONSOLIDATED COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
  (Unaudited) 

See Notes to the Financial Statements. 
  
   1 

Table of Contents  

See Notes to the Financial Statements. 
  
   2 

Table of Contents  

See Notes to the Financial Statements. 
  
   3 

Table of Contents  

ENERGY FUTURE HOLDINGS CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES, A DEBTOR-IN-POSSESSION 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

1. 
    BUSINESS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
       
  Description of Business 
    
  References in this report to "we," "our," "us" and "the Company" are to EFH Corp. and/or its subsidiaries, as apparent in the context.  See   Glossary   for defined terms. 
    
  EFH Corp., a Texas corporation, is a Dallas-based holding company that conducts its operations principally through its Oncor subsidiary and, prior to October 3, 2016 (the Effective Date), its TCEH subsidiaries.  EFH Corp. is a subsidiary of Texas Holdings, which is controlled by the Sponsor Group. 
    
  Prior to the Effective Date, TCEH was a holding company for subsidiaries engaged in competitive electricity market activities largely in Texas, including electricity generation, wholesale energy sales and purchases, commodity risk management, and retail electricity operations.  On the Effective Date, subsidiaries of TCEH (the TCEH Debtors) and certain EFH Corp. subsidiaries (the Contributed EFH Debtors) emerged from the Chapter 11 Cases as subsidiaries of a newly-formed company, Reorganized TCEH.  On the Effective Date, Reorganized TCEH was spun-off from EFH Corp. in a tax-free transaction to the former first lien creditors of TCEH (see Note   2  ). 
    
  Oncor is engaged in regulated electricity transmission and distribution operations in Texas.  Oncor provides distribution services to REPs, including subsidiaries of Reorganized TCEH, which sell electricity to residential, business and other consumers.  Oncor Holdings, a holding company that holds an approximate   80%   equity interest in Oncor, is a wholly owned subsidiary of EFIH, which is a holding company and a wholly owned subsidiary of EFH Corp.  Oncor Holdings and its subsidiaries (the Oncor Ring-Fenced Entities) are not consolidated in EFH Corp.'s financial statements in accordance with consolidation accounting standards related to variable interest entities (VIEs) (see Note   4  ). 
    
  Various ring-fencing measures have been taken to enhance the credit quality of Oncor.  Such measures include, among other things: the ownership of a   19.75%   equity interest in Oncor by Texas Transmission; maintenance of separate books and records for the Oncor Ring-Fenced Entities; Oncor's board of directors being comprised of a majority of independent directors, and prohibitions on the Oncor Ring-Fenced Entities providing credit support to, or receiving credit support from, any member of the Texas Holdings Group.  The assets and liabilities of the Oncor Ring-Fenced Entities are separate and distinct from those of the Texas Holdings Group, and none of the assets of the Oncor Ring-Fenced Entities are available to satisfy the debt or contractual obligations of any member of the Texas Holdings Group.  Oncor's operations are conducted, and its cash flows managed, independently from the Texas Holdings Group. 
    
  Consistent with the ring-fencing measures discussed above, the assets and liabilities of the Oncor Ring-Fenced Entities have not been, and are not expected to be, substantively consolidated with the assets and liabilities of the Debtors in the Chapter 11 Cases. 
    
  At   September 30, 2016  , we had   two   reportable segments: the Competitive Electric segment, consisting largely of TCEH, and the Regulated Delivery segment, consisting largely of our investment in Oncor.  See Note   17   for further information concerning reportable business segments. 
    
  Bankruptcy Proceeding 
    
  On April 29, 2014 (the Petition Date), EFH Corp. and the substantial majority of its direct and indirect subsidiaries, including EFIH, EFCH and TCEH but excluding the Oncor Ring-Fenced Entities (collectively, the Debtors), filed voluntary petitions for relief (the Bankruptcy Filing) under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code (the Bankruptcy Code) in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware (the Bankruptcy Court).  On the Effective Date, the TCEH Debtors and the Contributed EFH Debtors completed their reorganization under the Bankruptcy Code and emerged from the Chapter 11 Cases as subsidiaries of Reorganized TCEH.  The EFH Debtors have not yet completed their Chapter 11 Cases.  See Note   2   for further discussion regarding the Chapter 11 Cases. 

4 

     Table of Contents  

Basis of Presentation, Including Application of Bankruptcy Accounting and Discontinued Operations 
    
  The condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with US GAAP.  The condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared as if EFH Corp. is a going concern and contemplate the realization of assets and liabilities in the normal course of business.  The condensed consolidated financial statements reflect the application of Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification 852,   Reorganizations   (ASC 852).  During the Chapter 11 Cases, the EFH Debtors will operate their businesses as debtors-in-possession under the jurisdiction of the Bankruptcy Court and in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Bankruptcy Code.  ASC 852 applies to entities that have filed a petition for bankruptcy under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code.  The guidance requires that transactions and events directly associated with the reorganization be distinguished from the ongoing operations of the business.  In addition, the guidance provides for changes in the accounting and presentation of liabilities.  See Notes   9   and   11   for discussion of these accounting and reporting changes. 
    
  The results of operations of TCEH are included in continuing operations in the accompanying financial statements.  As discussed in Note   2  , the spin-off of Reorganized TCEH occurred on October 3, 2016.  The results of operations of Reorganized TCEH will be reported as discontinued operations in our statement of consolidated income (loss) for the year ended December 31, 2016. 
    
  Investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries, which are   50%   or less owned and/or do not meet accounting standards criteria for consolidation, are accounted for under the equity method (see Note   4  ).  Adjustments (consisting of normal recurring accruals) necessary for a fair presentation of the results of operations and financial position have been included therein.  All intercompany items and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.  Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in annual consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with US GAAP have been omitted pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC.  Because the condensed consolidated interim financial statements do not include all of the information and footnotes required by US GAAP, they should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements and related notes included in our 2015 Form 10-K.  The results of operations for an interim period may not give a true indication of results for a full year.  All dollar amounts in the financial statements and tables in the notes are stated in millions of US dollars unless otherwise indicated. 
    
  Use of Estimates 
    
  Preparation of financial statements requires estimates and assumptions about future events that affect the reporting of assets and liabilities at the balance sheet dates and the reported amounts of revenue and expense, including fair value measurements and estimates of expected allowed claims.  In the event estimates and/or assumptions prove to be different from actual amounts, adjustments are made in subsequent periods to reflect more current information. 

5 

     Table of Contents  

2.    CHAPTER 11 CASES 
    
  On the Petition Date, EFH Corp. and the substantial majority of its direct and indirect subsidiaries, including EFIH, EFCH and TCEH but excluding the Oncor Ring-Fenced Entities, filed voluntary petitions for relief under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware.  During the Chapter 11 Cases, the EFH Debtors will operate their businesses as "debtors-in-possession" under the jurisdiction of the Bankruptcy Court and in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Bankruptcy Code. 
    
  Plan of Reorganization 
    
  In August 2016, the Debtors filed the Plan of Reorganization and the Disclosure Statement, each as it related to the TCEH Debtors and the Contributed EFH Debtors, with the Bankruptcy Court and the Plan of Reorganization was confirmed.  The Plan of Reorganization provides that the confirmation and effective date of the Plan of Reorganization with respect to the TCEH Debtors and the Contributed EFH Debtors may occur separate from, and independent of, the confirmation and effective date of the Plan of Reorganization with respect to the EFH Debtors. 
    
  The TCEH Debtors and the Contributed EFH Debtors emerged from the Chapter 11 Cases on the Effective Date in a tax-free spin-off from EFH Corp.  The tax-free spin-off generated a taxable gain that will be largely offset with available net operating losses (NOLs), substantially reducing the NOLs that will be available to EFH Corp. after the transaction. 
    
  With respect to the EFH Debtors, the Plan of Reorganization, subject to certain conditions and certain regulatory approvals, provides for, among other things, the acquisition by affiliates of NextEra Energy Inc. (NEE) of the EFH Debtors (as reorganized). 
    
  The EFH Debtors will emerge from bankruptcy if and when a plan of reorganization (including the Plan of Reorganization) receives the requisite approval from the appropriate holders of claims, the Bankruptcy Court enters an order confirming such plan of reorganization and certain conditions to the effectiveness of such plan of reorganization are satisfied.  There are no assurances that the Bankruptcy Court will confirm the Plan of Reorganization as it relates to the EFH Debtors.  If the Bankruptcy Court does enter such a confirmation order, the EFH Debtors cannot emerge from the Chapter 11 Cases until certain conditions precedent (set forth in the Plan of Reorganization) are satisfied (or otherwise waived by the sponsor of the Plan of Reorganization).  Such conditions include, among other things, the receipt of all necessary tax opinions and regulatory approvals, all conditions to the completion of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement (defined below) having been satisfied, and the disallowance by the Bankruptcy Court (pursuant to an order that has not been stayed or reversed or remanded on appeal as of the date the EFH Debtors emerge from the Chapter 11 Cases) of all make-whole claims asserted by the EFIH first lien trustee and EFIH second lien trustee.  As described in Note   12  , certain of the proceedings related to make-whole claims asserted by various constituencies remain ongoing.  Additional disclosures regarding the conditions precedent to the consummation of the Plan of Reorganization are set forth in the Disclosure Statement approved by the Bankruptcy Court in September 2016. 
    
  EFH Debtors Plan Support Agreement 
    
  In July 2016, the EFH Debtors and NEE entered into a plan support agreement (the EFH Debtors Plan Support Agreement) to effect an agreed upon restructuring of the EFH Debtors pursuant to the Plan of Reorganization.  In September 2016, certain creditors of EFH Corp. and EFIH became parties to the EFH Debtors Plan Support Agreement.  The Bankruptcy Court approved the EFH Debtors Plan Support Agreement in September 2016. 
    
  Settlement Agreement 
    
  The Settling Parties entered into a settlement agreement (the Settlement Agreement) in August 2015 (as amended in September 2015) to compromise and settle, among other things (a) intercompany claims among the Debtors, (b) claims and causes of actions against holders of first lien claims against TCEH and the agents under the TCEH Senior Secured Facilities, (c) claims and causes of action against holders of interests in EFH Corp. and certain related entities and (d) claims and causes of action against each of the Debtors' current and former directors, the Sponsor Group, managers and officers and other related entities.  Under the terms of the Settlement Agreement, TCEH was granted a   $700 million   unsecured claim against EFH Corp.  This claim remains outstanding and is subject to treatment under the Plan of Reorganization as it relates to the EFH Debtors.  The Bankruptcy Court approved the Settlement Agreement in December 2015. 

6 

     Table of Contents  

Merger Agreements 
    
  In July 2016, EFH Corp. and EFIH entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (Merger Agreement) with NEE and a wholly-owned subsidiary of NEE (Merger Sub).  The Merger Agreement was amended in September 2016.  Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, at the effective time of the Plan of Reorganization as it relates to the EFH Debtors, NEE will acquire the EFH Debtors (as reorganized) as a result of a merger (EFH Debtor Merger) between EFH Corp. and Merger Sub in which Merger Sub will survive as a wholly owned subsidiary of NEE.  The consideration payable by NEE pursuant to the Merger Agreement consists of cash and NEE common stock paid to certain creditors of the EFH Debtors.  The Merger Agreement was approved by the Bankruptcy Court in September 2016. 
    
  The Merger Agreement contains representations and warranties and interim operating covenants that are customary for an agreement of this nature.  The Merger Agreement also includes various conditions precedent to consummation of the transactions, including a condition that certain approvals and rulings are obtained, including from the PUCT, the FERC and the IRS.  NEE will not be required to consummate the EFH Debtor Merger if, among other items, the PUCT approval is obtained but with conditions, commitments or requirements that impose a Burdensome Condition (as defined in the Merger Agreement).  In October 2016, NEE and Oncor filed a joint merger approval application with the PUCT.  The PUCT has up to 180 days to approve the application.  NEE's and Merger Sub's obligations under the Merger Agreement are not subject to any financing condition. 
    
  Following the approval of the Merger Agreement by the Bankruptcy Court and until confirmation of the Plan of Reorganization as it relates to the EFH Debtors by the Bankruptcy Court, EFH Corp. and EFIH may continue or have discussions or negotiations with respect to acquisition proposals for the EFH Debtors (a) with persons that were in active negotiation at the time of approval of the Merger Agreement by the Bankruptcy Court and (b) with persons that submit an unsolicited acquisition proposal that is, or is reasonably likely to lead to, a Superior Proposal (as defined in the Merger Agreement).  If the Merger Agreement is terminated for certain reasons set forth therein and an alternative transaction is consummated by EFH Corp. or EFIH in which neither NEE nor any of its affiliates obtains direct or indirect ownership of approximately   80%   of Oncor, then EFH Corp. and/or EFIH will be required to pay a termination fee of   $275 million   to NEE (though the allocation between EFH Corp. and EFIH of such fee is subject to a separate order of the Bankruptcy Court). 
    
  The Merger Agreement may be terminated upon certain events, including, among other things: 

by either party, if the EFH Debtor Merger is not consummated by March 26, 2017, subject to a   90  -day extension under certain conditions, or 

by EFH Corp. or EFIH, until the entry of the confirmation order of the Plan of Reorganization with respect to the EFH Debtors, if their respective board of directors or managers determines, after consultation with its independent financial advisors and outside legal counsel, and based on advice of such counsel, that the failure to terminate the Merger Agreement is inconsistent with its fiduciary duties; provided that a material breach of EFH Corp.'s or EFIH s obligations under certain provisions of the Merger Agreement has not provided the basis for such determination. 
       
  In October 2016, an affiliate of NEE entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the TTI Merger Agreement) with Texas Transmission and certain of its affiliates to purchase Texas Transmission's   19.75%   interest in Oncor for approximately   $2.4 billion  .  The TTI Merger Agreement contains various conditions precedent to consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby.  In connection with the TTI Merger Agreement and subject to Bankruptcy Court approval, EFH Corp. waived its rights of first refusal to purchase (as set forth in an Investor Rights Agreement, dated November 5, 2008, by and among Oncor, Oncor Holdings, TTI and EFH Corp.) Texas Transmission's 19.75% interest in Oncor.  So long as such waiver is in effect, NEE has agreed not to consummate the transactions contemplated by the TTI Merger Agreement prior to the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement. 
    
  In October 2016, an affiliate of NEE entered into an Interest Purchase Agreement (the Oncor Purchase Agreement) with Oncor and Oncor Management Investment LLC, an entity that owns approximately   0.22%   interest in Oncor on behalf of certain members of Oncor's current and former management, for approximately   $27 million  .  The Oncor Purchase Agreement contains various conditions precedent to consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby, including the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement. 

7 

     Table of Contents  

Scheduling Matters 
    
  In May 2016, the Bankruptcy Court entered an order establishing a timeline for approval of a disclosure statement and a hearing to consider confirmation of the Plan of Reorganization as it applies to the EFH Debtors.  In September 2016, the Bankruptcy Court approved the Disclosure Statement as it relates to the EFH Debtors.  The Bankruptcy Court has scheduled the confirmation hearing for the Plan of Reorganization as it relates to the EFH Debtors in December 2016.  The timelines set forth in the scheduling order are subject to further revision by the Bankruptcy Court and may change based on subsequent orders entered by the Bankruptcy Court (on its own, upon the motion of a party, or upon the EFH Debtors' request). 
    
  Tax Matters 
    
  In July 2016, we received a private letter ruling (the Private Letter Ruling) from the IRS.  It provides, among other things, for certain rulings regarding the qualification of (a) the transfer of certain assets and ordinary course operating liabilities to Reorganized TCEH and (b) the distribution of the equity of Reorganized TCEH, the cash proceeds from Reorganized TCEH debt, if any, the cash proceeds from the sale of preferred stock in a newly-formed subsidiary of Reorganized TCEH, and the right to receive payments under a tax receivables agreement, to holders of TCEH first lien claims, as a reorganization qualifying for tax-free treatment to the extent of the Reorganized TCEH stock received. 
    
  The Merger Agreement provides that a closing condition to the EFH Debtor Merger is the receipt of a supplemental private letter ruling (the Supplemental Ruling) from the IRS regarding the impact of the EFH Debtor Merger on certain rulings received in the Private Letter Ruling.  We expect to submit a request to the IRS for the Supplemental Ruling in the fourth quarter of 2016. 
    
  Implications of the Chapter 11 Cases 
    
  Our ability to continue as a going concern is contingent upon, among other factors, our ability to comply with the financial and other covenants contained in the EFIH DIP Facility described in Note   10  , our ability to obtain new debtor in possession financing in the event the EFIH DIP Facility were to expire during the pendency of the Chapter 11 Cases, our ability to complete a Chapter 11 plan of reorganization in a timely manner, including obtaining creditor and Bankruptcy Court approval of such plan, obtaining applicable regulatory approvals required for such plan and our ability to obtain any exit financing needed to implement such plan.  These circumstances and uncertainties inherent in the bankruptcy proceedings raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 
    
  Pre-Petition Claims 
    
  Holders of the substantial majority of pre-petition claims against the Debtors were required to file proofs of claims by the bar date established by the Bankruptcy Court.  A bar date is the date by which certain claims against the Debtors must be filed if the claimants wish to receive any distribution in the Chapter 11 Cases.  The Bankruptcy Court established a bar date of October 27, 2014 for the substantial majority of claims.  In addition, in July 2015, the Bankruptcy Court entered an order establishing December 14, 2015 as the bar date for certain asbestos claims that arose or are deemed to have arisen before the Petition Date, except for certain specifically exempt claims. 
    
  Since the Petition Date and prior to the applicable bar dates (which have expired), the Debtors received approximately   41,300   filed pre-petition claims, including approximately   30,900   in filed asbestos claims.  We have substantially completed the process of reconciling all non-asbestos claims that were filed and have recorded such claims at the expected allowed amount.  As of   November 1, 2016  , approximately   5,700   of those claims have been settled, withdrawn or expunged.  We continue to work with creditors regarding unsettled claims to determine the ultimate amount of the allowed claims.  Differences between those final allowed claims and the liabilities recorded in the condensed consolidated balance sheets will be recognized as reorganization items in our condensed statements of consolidated income (loss) as they are resolved.  The resolution of such claims could result in material adjustments to our financial statements. 
    
  In September and October 2016, the Debtors filed with the Bankruptcy Court reports developed by independent experts that provide analysis and estimation of potential liabilities associated with asbestos-related claims.  In connection with developing those reports, we recorded an adjustment to our estimated liability associated with those claims during the three months ended September 30, 2016 (see Note   18  ).  That estimated liability is subject to revisions, which may be material, as further information arises. 

8 

     Table of Contents  

Certain claims filed or reflected in our schedules of assets and liabilities will be resolved on the applicable effective dates of the applicable plan of reorganization, including certain claims filed by holders of funded debt and contract counterparties.  Claims that remain unresolved or unreconciled through the filing of this report have been estimated based upon management's best estimate of the likely claim amounts that the Bankruptcy Court will ultimately allow. 
    
  On the Effective Date, the TCEH Debtors (together with the Contributed EFH Debtors) emerged from the Chapter 11 Cases and discharged approximately   $33.7 billion   in LSTC.  Distributions for the settled claims related to the funded debt TCEH Debtors have commenced subsequent to the Effective Date. 
    
  Separation of the EFH Debtors from the TCEH Debtors and the Contributed EFH Debtors 
    
  Upon the Effective Date of the Plan of Reorganization as it relates to the TCEH Debtors and the Contributed EFH Debtors, the EFH Debtors and the TCEH Debtors (together with the Contributed EFH Debtors) were separated and are no longer affiliated companies.  In addition to the Plan of Reorganization, the separation was effectuated, in part, pursuant to the terms of a separation agreement, a transition services agreement and a tax matters agreement. 
    
  Separation Agreement 
    
  On the Effective Date, EFH Corp., Reorganized TCEH and a subsidiary of Reorganized TCEH entered into a separation agreement that provides for, among other things, the transfer of certain assets and liabilities by EFH Corp., EFCH and TCEH to Reorganized TCEH.  Among other things, EFH Corp., EFCH and/or TCEH, as applicable, (1) transferred the TCEH Debtors and certain contracts and assets (and related liabilities) primarily related to the business of the TCEH Debtors to Reorganized TCEH, (2) transferred sponsorship of certain employee benefit plans (including related assets), programs and policies to a subsidiary of Reorganized TCEH and (3) assigned certain employment agreements from EFH Corp. and certain of the Contributed EFH Debtors to a subsidiary of Reorganized TCEH. 
    
  Transition Services Agreement 
    
  On the Effective Date, EFH Corp. and a subsidiary of Reorganized TCEH entered into a transition services agreement that provides for, among other things, (1) the applicable subsidiaries of Reorganized TCEH to provide certain services to the EFH Debtors, including business services administration, accounting, corporate secretary, tax, human resources, information technology, internal audit and SOX compliance, physical facilities and corporate security, treasury and legal services and (2) EFH Corp. to pay such subsidiary of Reorganized TCEH all reasonable and documented fees, costs and expenses (including employee-related overhead and general and administrative expenses) incurred by Reorganized TCEH and its subsidiaries related directly to these services. 
    
  Tax Matters Agreement 
    
  On the Effective Date, Reorganized TCEH and EFH Corp. entered into a tax matters agreement whereby the parties agreed to take certain actions and refrain from taking certain actions to preserve the intended tax treatment of the tax-free spin-off of Reorganized TCEH from EFH Corp.  The Tax Matters Agreement includes limitations on certain actions of Reorganized TCEH, EFH Corp. and EFIH in order to preserve the tax-free nature of the TCEH spin-off, as well as certain indemnification obligations in the event the reorganization fails to be treated as a tax-free transaction (a) as a result of the breach of any covenants in the Tax Matters Agreement or (b) under "no-fault" circumstances.  In the event any indemnification obligations are triggered, the party owing the obligation would likely be materially and adversely affected.  Additionally, the covenants and other limitations with respect to the Tax Matters Agreement may limit the ability of Reorganized TCEH, EFH Corp. and/or EFIH to undertake certain transactions that may otherwise be value-maximizing. 

9 

     Table of Contents  

Unaudited Condensed Combined Debtor Financial Statements 
    
  The condensed combined financial statements presented below represent the financial statements of the Debtors.  EFH Corp.'s non-Debtor subsidiaries, excluding the Oncor Ring-Fenced Entities, which are substantively comprised of the recently acquired Lamar and Forney generation assets, are accounted for as non-consolidated subsidiaries in these financial statements, and their net income is included in   equity in earnings of non-debtor entities (net of tax)   in these condensed statements of combined loss and   investment in non-debtor entities   in these condensed combined balance sheets.  Intercompany items and transactions among the Debtors have been eliminated in consolidation in these financial statements. 
    
  Condensed statements of combined income (loss) of the Debtors for the   three and nine months   ended   September 30, 2016 and 2015   are presented below: 

Condensed statements of combined comprehensive income (loss) of the Debtors for the   three and nine months   ended   September 30, 2016 and 2015   are presented below: 

10 

     Table of Contents  

Condensed statements of combined cash flows of the Debtors for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016 and 2015   are presented below: 

11 

     Table of Contents  

Condensed combined balance sheets of the Debtors at   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015   are presented below: 

3. 
    LAMAR AND FORNEY ACQUISITION 
       
  In April 2016, Luminant purchased all of the membership interests in La Frontera Holdings, LLC (La Frontera), the indirect owner of   two   combined-cycle gas turbine (CCGT) natural gas fueled generation facilities representing nearly   3,000   MW of capacity located in ERCOT, from a subsidiary of NextEra Energy, Inc. (the Lamar and Forney Acquisition).  The facility in Forney, Texas has a capacity of   1,912   MW and the facility in Paris, Texas has a capacity of   1,076   MW.  The acquisition diversified TCEH's fuel mix and increased the dispatch flexibility in its fleet.  The aggregate purchase price was approximately   $1.313 billion  , which included the repayment of approximately   $950 million   of existing project financing indebtedness of La Frontera at closing, plus approximately   $236 million   for cash and net working capital.  The purchase price was funded by cash-on-hand and additional borrowings under the TCEH DIP Facility totaling   $1.1 billion  .  After completing the acquisition, we repaid approximately   $230 million   of borrowings under the TCEH DIP Revolving Credit Facility primarily utilizing cash acquired in the transaction.  La Frontera and its subsidiaries were subsidiary guarantors under the TCEH DIP Roll Facilities and, on the Effective Date, became subsidiary guarantors under the senior secured exit facilities (see Note   10  ). 

12 

     Table of Contents  

Purchase Accounting 
    
  The Lamar and Forney Acquisition has been accounted for in accordance with ASC 805,   Business Combinations   (ASC 805), with identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed recorded at their estimated fair values on the acquisition date.  
    
  To fair value the acquired property, plant and equipment, we used a discounted cash flow analysis, classified as Level 3 within the fair value hierarchy levels (see Note   14  ).  This discounted cash flow model was created for each generation facility based on its remaining useful life.  The discounted cash flow model included gross margin forecasts for each power generation facility determined using forward commodity market prices obtained from long-term forecasts.  We also used management's forecasts of generation output, operations and maintenance expense, SG A and capital expenditures.  The resulting cash flows, estimated based upon the age of the assets, efficiency, location and useful life, were then discounted using plant specific discount rates of approximately 9%. 
    
  The following table summarizes the consideration paid and the preliminary allocation of the purchase price to the fair value amounts recognized for the assets acquired and liabilities assumed related to the Lamar and Forney Acquisition as of the acquisition date.  During the three months ended September 30, 2016, the working capital adjustment included in the purchase price was finalized between the parties, and the purchase price allocation was completed. 
                       Cash paid to seller at close 
      
    $ 
    603 
      
      Net working capital adjustments 
      
    (4 
    ) 
      Consideration paid to seller 
      
    599 
      
      Cash paid to repay project financing at close 
      
    950 
      
      Total cash paid related to acquisition 
      
    $ 
    1,549 
      
      Cash and cash equivalents 
      
    $ 
    210 
      
      Property, plant and equipment   net 
      
    1,316 
      
      Commodity and other derivative contractual assets 
      
    47 
      
      Other assets 
      
    44 
      
      Total assets acquired 
      
    1,617 
      
      Commodity and other derivative contractual liabilities 
      
    53 
      
      Trade accounts payable and other liabilities 
      
    15 
      
      Total liabilities assumed 
      
    68 
      
      Identifiable net assets acquired 
      
    $ 
    1,549 

The Lamar and Forney Acquisition did not result in the recording of goodwill since the purchase price did not exceed the fair value of the net assets acquired. 
    
  Unaudited Pro Forma Financial Information 
    
  The following unaudited pro forma financial information for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016 and 2015   assumes that the Lamar and Forney Acquisition occurred on January 1, 2015.  The unaudited pro forma financial information is provided for information purposes only and is not necessarily indicative of the results of operations that would have occurred had the Lamar and Forney Acquisition been completed on January 1, 2015, nor are they indicative of future results of operations. 

The unaudited pro forma financial information includes adjustments for incremental depreciation as a result of the fair value determination of the net assets acquired and interest expense on borrowings under the TCEH DIP Roll Facilities in lieu of interest expense incurred prior to the acquisition. 

13 

     Table of Contents  

4. 
    VARIABLE INTEREST ENTITIES 
       
  A variable interest entity (VIE) is an entity with which we have a relationship or arrangement that indicates some level of control over the entity or results in economic risks to us.  Accounting standards require consolidation of a VIE if we have (a) the power to direct the significant activities of the VIE and (b) the right or obligation to absorb profit and loss from the VIE (i.e., we are the primary beneficiary of the VIE).  In determining the appropriateness of consolidation of a VIE, we evaluate its purpose, governance structure, decision making processes and risks that are passed on to its interest holders.  We also examine the nature of any related party relationships among the interest holders of the VIE and the nature of any special rights granted to the interest holders of the VIE. 
    
  Oncor Holdings, an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of EFH Corp. that holds an approximate   80%   interest in Oncor, is not consolidated in EFH Corp.'s financial statements, and instead is accounted for as an equity method investment, because the structural and operational ring-fencing measures discussed in Note   1   prevent us from having power to direct the significant activities of Oncor Holdings or Oncor.  In accordance with accounting standards, we account for our investment in Oncor Holdings under the equity method, as opposed to the cost method, based on our level of influence over its activities.  See below for additional information about our equity method investment in Oncor Holdings.  There are no other material investments accounted for under the equity or cost method.  The maximum exposure to loss from our interests in VIEs does not exceed our carrying value. 
    
  Non-Consolidation of Oncor and Oncor Holdings 
    
  Our investment in unconsolidated subsidiary as presented in the condensed consolidated balance sheets totaled   $6.204 billion   and   $6.064 billion   at   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  , respectively, and consists almost entirely of our interest in Oncor Holdings, which we account for under the equity method as described above.  Oncor provides services, principally electricity distribution, to TCEH's retail operations, and the related revenues represented   24%   and   25%   of Oncor Holdings' consolidated operating revenues for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016 and 2015  , respectively. 
    
  See Note   16   for discussion of Oncor Holdings' and Oncor's transactions with EFH Corp. and its other subsidiaries. 
    
  Distributions from Oncor Holdings and Related Considerations         Oncor Holdings' distributions of earnings to us totaled   $135 million   and   $206 million   for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016 and 2015  , respectively.  Distributions may not be paid except to the extent Oncor maintains a required regulatory capital structure as discussed below.  At   September 30, 2016  ,   $69 million   was eligible to be distributed to Oncor's members after taking into account the regulatory capital structure limit, of which approximately   80%   relates to our ownership interest in Oncor.  The boards of directors of each of Oncor and Oncor Holdings can withhold distributions to the extent the applicable board determines in good faith that it is necessary to retain such amounts to meet expected future requirements of Oncor and/or Oncor Holdings. 
    
  Oncor's distributions are limited by its regulatory capital structure, which is required to be at or below the assumed debt-to-equity ratio established periodically by the PUCT for ratemaking purposes, which is currently set at   60%   debt to   40%   equity.  At   September 30, 2016  , Oncor's regulatory capitalization ratio was   59.6%   debt to   40.4%   equity.  For purposes of this ratio, debt is calculated as long-term debt plus unamortized gains on reacquired debt less unamortized issuance expenses, premiums and losses on reacquired debt.  Equity is calculated as membership interests determined in accordance with US GAAP, excluding the effects of accounting for the Merger (which included recording the initial goodwill and fair value adjustments and the subsequent related impairments and amortization). 
    
  EFH Corp., Oncor Holdings, Oncor and Oncor's minority investor are parties to a Federal and State Income Tax Allocation Agreement.  Additional income tax amounts receivable or payable may arise in the normal course under that agreement. 

14 

     Table of Contents  

Oncor Holdings Financial Statements         Condensed statements of consolidated income of Oncor Holdings and its subsidiaries for the   three and nine months   ended   September 30, 2016 and 2015   are presented below: 

Assets and liabilities of Oncor Holdings at   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015   are presented below: 

15 

     Table of Contents  

5. 
    GOODWILL AND IDENTIFIABLE INTANGIBLE ASSETS 
       
  Goodwill 
    
  The following table provides information regarding our goodwill balance, all of which relates to the Competitive Electric segment and arose in connection with accounting for the Merger.    None   of the goodwill is being deducted for tax purposes. 

Goodwill Impairments 
    
  Goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are required to be tested for impairment at least annually (we have selected a December 1 test date) or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate an impairment may exist. 
    
  During the three months ended September 30, 2015 and March 31, 2015, we experienced impairment indicators related to decreases in forward wholesale electricity prices when compared to those prices reflected in our goodwill impairment testing analysis as of March 31, 2015 and December 1, 2014, respectively.  As a result, the likelihood of goodwill impairments had increased, and we initiated further testing of goodwill.  During the three and   nine months   ended   September 30, 2015  , our testing of goodwill for impairment resulted in impairment charges totaling   $700 million   and   $1.4 billion  , respectively, which we reported in the Competitive Electric segment results. 
    
  Identifiable Intangible Assets 
    
  Identifiable intangible assets, including amounts that arose in connection with accounting for the Merger, are comprised of the following: 

____________ 
           (a) 
    Includes favorable purchase and sales contracts, environmental allowances and credits and mining development costs.  See discussion below regarding impairment charges recorded in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   related to other identifiable intangible assets. 
              (b) 
    Amounts related to fully amortized assets that are expired, or of no economic value, have been excluded from both the gross carrying and accumulated amortization amounts. 

16 

     Table of Contents  

Amortization expense related to finite-lived identifiable intangible assets (including the condensed statements of consolidated income (loss) line item) consisted of: 
                                                       Identifiable Intangible Asset 
      
    Condensed Statements of Consolidated Income (Loss) Line 
      
    Segment 
      
    Three Months Ended September 30, 
      
    Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2016 
      
    2015 
      
    2016 
      
    2015 
      Retail customer relationship 
      
    Depreciation and amortization 
      
    Competitive Electric 
      
    $ 
    3 

$ 
    4 

$ 
    9 

$ 
    13 
      
      Capitalized in-service software 
      
    Depreciation and amortization 
      
    Competitive Electric and Corporate and Other 
      
    13 

13 

38 

35 
      
      Other identifiable intangible assets 
      
    Operating revenues/fuel, purchased power costs and delivery fees/depreciation and amortization 
      
    Competitive Electric 
      
    3 

9 

6 

21 
      
      Total amortization expense (a) 

$ 
    19 

$ 
    26 

$ 
    53 

$ 
    69 

____________ 
     
  As of the Effective Date, the substantial majority of identifiable intangible assets were removed from the condensed consolidated balance sheet in conjunction with the separation of the EFH Debtors from the TCEH Debtors and the Contributed EFH Debtors. 
    
  I  ntangible Impairments 
    
  The impairments of our generation facilities in March and September 2015 (see Note   7  ) resulted in the impairment of the SO   2    allowances under the Clean Air Act's acid rain cap-and-trade program that are associated with those facilities to the extent they are not projected to be used at other sites.  The fair market values of the SO   2    allowances were estimated to be de minimis based on Level 3 fair value estimates (see Note   14  ).  We also impaired certain of our SO   2    allowances under the Cross-State Air Pollution Rule (CSAPR) related to the impaired generation facilities.  Accordingly, in the three and   nine months   ended   September 30, 2015  , we recorded noncash impairment charges of   $4 million   and   $55 million  , respectively, in our Competitive Electric segment (before deferred income tax benefit) in other deductions (see Note   18  ) related to our existing environmental allowances and credits intangible asset.  SO   2    emission allowances granted to us under the acid rain cap-and-trade program were recorded as intangible assets at fair value in connection with purchase accounting related to the Merger in 2007.  Additionally, the impairments of our generation and related mining facilities in September 2015 resulted in our recording noncash impairment charges of   $19 million   in our Competitive Electric segment (before deferred income tax benefit) in other deductions (see Note   18  ) related to mine development costs (included in other identifiable intangible assets in the table above) at the facilities. 
    
  During the three months ended March 31, 2015, we determined that certain intangible assets related to favorable power purchase contracts should be evaluated for impairment.  That conclusion was based on further declines in wholesale electricity prices in ERCOT experienced during the three months ended March 31, 2015.  Our fair value measurement was based on a discounted cash flow analysis of the contracts that compared the contractual price and terms of the contract to forecasted wholesale electricity and renewable energy credit (REC) prices in ERCOT.  As a result of the analysis, we recorded a noncash impairment charge of   $8 million   in our Competitive Electric segment (before deferred income tax benefit) in other deductions (see Note   18  ). 

17 

     Table of Contents  

6. 
    INCOME TAXES 
       
  EFH Corp. files a US federal income tax return that includes the results of EFCH, EFIH, Oncor Holdings and TCEH.  EFH Corp. is the corporate member of the EFH Corp. consolidated group, while each of EFIH, Oncor Holdings, EFCH and TCEH is classified as a disregarded entity for US federal income tax purposes.  Oncor is a partnership for US federal income tax purposes and is not a corporate member of the EFH Corp. consolidated group.  Pursuant to applicable US Treasury regulations and published guidance of the IRS, corporations that are members of a consolidated group have joint and several liability for the taxes of such group.  Subsequent to the Effective Date, the TCEH Debtors and the Contributed EFH Debtors will no longer be included in the consolidated income tax return and will be included in an income tax return with Reorganized TCEH. 
    
  Prior to the Effective Date, EFH Corp. and certain of its subsidiaries (including EFCH, EFIH, and TCEH, but not including Oncor Holdings and Oncor) were parties to a Federal and State Income Tax Allocation Agreement, which provided, among other things, that any corporate member or disregarded entity in the EFH Corp. group was required to make payments to EFH Corp. in an amount calculated to approximate the amount of tax liability such entity would have owed if it filed a separate corporate tax return.  Pursuant to the Plan of Reorganization, the TCEH Debtors and the Contributed EFH Debtors rejected this agreement on the Effective Date.  Additionally, since the date of the Settlement Agreement, no further cash payments among the Debtors were made in respect of federal income taxes.  We have elected to continue to allocate federal income taxes among the entities that are parties to the Federal and State Income Tax Allocation Agreement.  The Settlement Agreement did not alter the allocation and payment for state income taxes, which continued to be settled prior to the Effective Date. 
    
  EFH Corp., Oncor Holdings, Oncor and Oncor's minority investors are parties to a separate Federal and State Income Tax Allocation Agreement, which governs the computation of federal income tax liability among such parties, and similarly provides, among other things, that each of Oncor Holdings and Oncor will pay EFH Corp. its share of an amount calculated to approximate the amount of tax liability such entity would have owed if it filed a separate corporate tax return.  The Settlement Agreement had no impact on the tax sharing agreement among EFH, Oncor Holdings and Oncor. 
    
  The calculation of our effective tax rate is as follows: 

For the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , the effective tax rate of   51.9%   related to our income tax expense was higher than the US Federal statutory rate of   35%   due primarily to nondeductible legal and other professional services costs related to the Chapter 11 Cases, partially offset by the tax benefit recognized from the settlement agreement with the Texas Comptroller of Public Accounts (Comptroller).  For the three months ended   September 30, 2015  , the effective tax rate of   22.2%   related to our income tax benefit was lower than the US Federal statutory rate of   35%   due primarily to the nondeductible goodwill impairment charge (see Note   5  ) and nondeductible legal and other professional services costs related to the Chapter 11 Cases. 
    
  For the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016  , the effective tax rate of   27.1%   related to our income tax benefit was lower than the US Federal statutory rate of   35%   due primarily to nondeductible legal and other professional services costs related to the Chapter 11 Cases.  For the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2015  , the effective tax rate of   22.2%   related to our income tax benefit was lower than the US Federal statutory rate of   35%   due primarily to the nondeductible goodwill impairment charges (see Note   5  ) and nondeductible legal and other professional services costs related to the Chapter 11 Cases, partially offset by the difference in the forecasted effective tax rate and the statutory rate applied to long-lived and intangible asset impairment charges (see Notes   5   and   7  ) and the Texas margin tax rate reduction in 2015. 

18 

     Table of Contents  

Liability for Uncertain Tax Positions 
    
  In September 2016, EFH Corp. entered into a settlement agreement with the Texas Comptroller of Public Accounts (Comptroller) whereby the Comptroller agreed to release all claims and liabilities related to the EFH Corp. consolidated group's state taxes, including sales tax, gross receipts utility tax, franchise tax and direct pay tax, through the agreement date, in exchange for a release of all refund claims and a one-time payment of   $12 million  .  This settlement was entered and approved by the Bankruptcy Court in September 2016.  As a result of the settlement, we reduced the liability for state uncertain tax positions by   $26 million  . 
    
  In July 2016, we executed a Revenue Agent Report (RAR) with the IRS and associated documentation for the 2010 through 2013 tax years.  As a result of the RAR, we reduced our liability for uncertain tax positions by   $1 million  , resulting in a reclassification to the accumulated deferred income tax liability.  Total cash payment to be assessed by the IRS for tax years 2010 through 2013, but not expected to be paid during the pendency of the Chapter 11 Cases of the EFH Debtors, is approximately   $15 million  , plus any interest that may be assessed. 
    
  In March 2016, we signed a RAR with the IRS for the 2014 tax year.  No material financial statement impacts resulted from the signing of the 2014 RAR. 
    
  In June 2015, we signed a RAR with the IRS and associated documentation for the 2008 and 2009 tax years.  The Bankruptcy Court approved our signing of the RAR in July 2015.  As a result of this RAR, we reduced our liability for uncertain tax positions by   $23 million  , resulting in a   $20 million   reclassification to the accumulated deferred income tax liability and the recording of a   $3 million   income tax benefit recorded in the Competitive Electric segment results.  Total cash payment to be assessed by the IRS for tax years 2008 and 2009, but not paid during the pendency of the Chapter 11 Cases of the EFH Debtors, is approximately   $15 million  , plus any interest that may be assessed. 

7. 
    IMPAIRMENT OF LONG-LIVED ASSETS 
       
  Impairment of Lignite/Coal Fueled Generation and Mining Assets 
    
  We evaluated our generation assets for impairment during September 2015 as a result of an impairment indicator related to the continued decline in forecasted wholesale electricity prices in ERCOT.  Our evaluation concluded that impairments existed at our Martin Lake, Sandow 4 and Sandow 5 generation facilities, and the carrying value for those facilities and related mining facilities were reduced in total by   $1.295 billion  . 
    
  We evaluated our generation assets for impairment during March 2015 as a result of an impairment indicator related to the continued decline in forecasted wholesale electricity prices in ERCOT.  Our evaluation concluded that an impairment existed, and the carrying value at our Big Brown generation facility and related mining facility was reduced by   $676 million  . 
    
  Our fair value measurement for these assets was determined based on an income approach that utilized probability-weighted estimates of discounted future cash flows, which were Level 3 fair value measurements (see Note   14  ).  Key inputs into the fair value measurement for these assets included current forecasted wholesale electricity prices in ERCOT, forecasted fuel prices, capital and operating expenditure forecasts and discount rates. 
    
  Additional material impairments may occur in the future for Reorganized TCEH's other generation facilities if forward wholesale electricity prices continue to decline or forecasted costs of producing electricity at Reorganized TCEH's generation facilities increase, including increased costs of compliance with proposed environmental regulations. 

19 

Table of Contents  

8. 
    INTEREST EXPENSE AND RELATED CHARGES 

____________ 
           (a) 
    For the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2015  , amount includes   $235 million   in post-petition interest related to the EFIH Second Lien Notes (see Note   11  ). For the   three and nine months   ended   September 30, 2016 and 2015  , includes interest paid/accrued on long-term debt not subject to compromise. 
       
  Interest expense for the   three and nine months   ended   September 30, 2016 and 2015   reflects interest paid and accrued on debtor-in-possession financing (see Note   10  ), adequate protection amounts paid and accrued, as approved by the Bankruptcy Court in June 2014 for the benefit of secured creditors of (a)   $22.616 billion   principal amount of outstanding borrowings from the TCEH Senior Secured Facilities, (b)   $1.750 billion   principal amount of outstanding TCEH Senior Secured Notes and (c) the   $1.243 billion   net liability related to the TCEH first lien interest rate swaps and natural gas hedging positions terminated shortly after the Bankruptcy Filing (see Note   15  ), in exchange for their consent to the senior secured, super-priority liens contained in the TCEH DIP Facility and any diminution in value of their interests in the pre-petition collateral from the Petition Date, and interest paid on the EFIH Second Lien Notes as approved by the Bankruptcy Court in March 2015 (see Note   11  ).  The interest rate applicable to the adequate protection amounts paid/accrued for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   was   4.95%   (one-month LIBOR plus   4.50%  ).  Upon completion of the Plan of Reorganization with respect to the TCEH Debtors, amounts of adequate protection payments were re-characterized as payments of principal. 
    
  The Bankruptcy Code generally restricts payment of interest on pre-petition debt, subject to certain exceptions.  The Bankruptcy Court approved post-petition interest payments on the EFIH Second Lien Notes in March 2015 as discussed in Note   11  .  Additional interest payments may also be made upon approval by the Bankruptcy Court (see Note   12  ).  Other than amounts ordered or approved by the Bankruptcy Court, effective on the Petition Date, we discontinued recording interest expense on outstanding pre-petition debt classified as LSTC.  The table below shows contractual interest amounts, which are amounts due under the contractual terms of the outstanding debt, including debt subject to compromise during the Chapter 11 Cases.  Interest expense reported in the condensed statements of consolidated income (loss) does not include contractual interest on pre-petition debt classified as LSTC totaling   $325 million   and   $327 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016 and 2015  , respectively, and   $978 million   and   $943 million   for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016 and 2015  , respectively, which has been stayed by the Bankruptcy Court effective on the Petition Date.  Adequate protection paid/accrued presented below excludes interest paid/accrued on the TCEH first-lien interest rate and commodity hedge claims (see Note   15  ) totaling   $16 million   and   $15 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016 and 2015  , respectively, and   $47 million   and   $44 million   for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016 and 2015  , respectively, as such amounts are not included in contractual interest amounts below. 

20 

     Table of Contents  

___________ 
           (a) 
    For the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2015   represents portion of interest related to the EFIH Second Lien Notes that was repaid based on the approval of the Bankruptcy Court; however, excludes   $185 million   of post-petition interest paid in 2015 that contractually related to 2014 and default interest (see Note   11  ). 
              (b) 
    Represents contractual interest on affiliate debt held by EFH Corp. and EFIH that is classified as LSTC. 

9. 
    REORGANIZATION ITEMS 
       
  Expenses and income directly associated with the Chapter 11 Cases are reported separately in the condensed statements of consolidated income (loss) as reorganization items as required by ASC 852,   Reorganizations  .  Reorganization items also include adjustments to reflect the carrying value of LSTC at their estimated allowed claim amounts, as such adjustments are determined.  The following table presents reorganization items incurred in the   three and nine months   ended   September 30, 2016 and 2015   as reported in the condensed statements of consolidated income (loss): 

21 

     Table of Contents  

10. 
    DEBTOR-IN-POSSESSION BORROWING FACILITIES AND LONG-TERM DEBT NOT SUBJECT TO COMPROMISE 
       
  TCEH DIP Roll Facilities     In August 2016, TCEH entered into the TCEH DIP Roll Facilities.  The facilities provided for up to   $4.250 billion   in senior secured, super-priority financing consisting of a revolving credit facility of up to   $750 million   (TCEH DIP Roll Revolving Credit Facility), a term loan letter of credit facility of up to   $650 million   (TCEH DIP Roll Term Loan Letter of Credit Facility) and a term loan facility of up to   $2.850 billion   (TCEH DIP Roll Term Loan Facility).  The TCEH DIP Roll Facilities were senior secured, super-priority debtor-in-possession credit agreements by and among the TCEH Debtors, the lenders that are party thereto from time to time and an administrative and collateral agent.  The maturity date of the TCEH DIP Roll Facilities was the earlier of (a) October 31, 2017 or (b) the Effective Date.  On the Effective Date, the TCEH DIP Roll Facilities converted to senior secured exit facilities with maturity dates of August 2021 for the revolving credit facility and August 2023 for the term loan facilities (see Note   2  ).  The other terms of the exit facilities are substantially the same as the TCEH DIP Roll Facilities. 
    
  Net proceeds from the TCEH DIP Roll Facilities totaled   $3.465 billion   and were used to repay   $2.65 billion   outstanding under the former TCEH DIP Facility, fund a   $650 million   collateral account used to backstop the issuances of letters of credit and pay   $107 million   of issuance costs.  The remaining balance was used for general corporate purposes.  Additionally,   $800 million   of cash from collateral accounts under the former TCEH DIP Facility that were used to backstop letters of credit were released to TCEH to be used for general corporate purposes. 
    
  The TCEH DIP Roll Facilities and related available capacity at   September 30, 2016   are presented below.  In the   September 30, 2016   condensed consolidated balance sheet, the borrowings under the TCEH DIP Roll Facilities are reported as noncurrent liabilities. 

___________ 
           (a) 
    Facility to be used for general corporate purposes. 
              (b) 
    Facility used for issuing letters of credit for general corporate purposes.  Borrowings under this facility were funded to a collateral account that is reported as restricted cash in the condensed consolidated balance sheet.  At September 30, 2016, the restricted cash supports   $546 million   in letters of credit outstanding (see Note   12  ), leaving   $104 million   in available letter of credit capacity. 
              (c) 
    Facility used to repay all amounts outstanding under the former TCEH DIP Facility and issuance costs for the TCEH DIP Roll Facilities, with the remaining balance used for general corporate purposes. 
              (d) 
    Borrowings under debtor-in-possession credit facilities in the condensed consolidated balance sheets are presented net of debt issuance costs of   $79 million   and debt discounts of   $34 million  . 
       
  Amounts borrowed under the TCEH DIP Roll Revolving Credit Facility bore interest based on applicable LIBOR rates, plus   3.25%  , and there were   no   outstanding borrowings at   September 30, 2016  .  Amounts borrowed under the TCEH DIP Roll Term Loan Letter of Credit Facility bore interest based on applicable LIBOR rates, subject to a   1%   floor, plus   4%  , and the rate outstanding on outstanding borrowings was   5.00%   at   September 30, 2016  .  Amounts borrowed under the TCEH DIP Roll Term Loan Facility bore interest based on applicable LIBOR rates, subject to a   1%   floor, plus   4%  , and the interest rate on outstanding borrowings was   5.00%   at   September 30, 2016  .  The TCEH DIP Roll Facilities also provided for certain additional fees payable to the agents and lenders, as well as availability fees payable with respect to any unused portions of the available TCEH DIP Roll Facilities. 

22 

     Table of Contents  

TCEH DIP Facility     The TCEH DIP Facility provided for up to   $3.375 billion   in senior secured, super-priority financing consisting of a revolving credit facility of up to   $1.950 billion   (TCEH DIP Revolving Credit Facility) and a term loan facility of up to   $1.425 billion   (TCEH DIP Term Loan Facility).  The TCEH DIP Facility was a senior, secured, super-priority credit agreement by and among the TCEH Debtors, the lenders that were party thereto from time to time and an administrative and collateral agent.  At   December 31, 2015  , all   $1.425 billion   of the TCEH DIP Term Loan Facility were borrowed at an interest rate of   3.75%  .  Of this amount,   $800 million   represented amounts that supported issuances of letters of credit that were funded to a collateral account.  Of the collateral account at   December 31, 2015  ,   $281 million   was reported as cash and cash equivalents and   $519 million   was reported as restricted cash, which represented the amounts of outstanding letters of credit.  At   December 31, 2015  ,   no   amounts were borrowed under the TCEH DIP Revolving Credit Facility.  As discussed above, in August 2016, all amounts under the TCEH DIP Facility were repaid using proceeds from the TCEH DIP Roll Facilities. 
    
  EFIH DIP Facility and EFIH Second Lien Notes Repayment     As of   September 30, 2016  , the EFIH DIP Facility provided for a   $5.4 billion   first-lien debtor-in-possession financing facility.  In March 2015,   $750 million   of cash borrowings were used to repay   $445 million   principal amount of EFIH Second Lien Notes (including accrued and unpaid pre-petition interest of   $55 million   and post-petition interest of   $235 million  ) and certain fees (see Note   11  ). 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , remaining cash on hand from borrowings under the EFIH DIP Facility, net of fees, totaled approximately   $256 million  , which was held as cash and cash equivalents.  In the   September 30, 2016   condensed consolidated balance sheet, the borrowings under the EFIH DIP Facility are reported as current liabilities.  In January 2016, the EFIH Debtors paid a   $14 million   extension fee to extend the maturity date of the EFIH DIP Facility to December 2016.  The terms of the EFIH DIP Facility were otherwise unchanged.  The EFIH DIP Facility must be repaid in full prior to the EFIH Debtors emergence from the Chapter 11 Cases. 
    
  In October 2016, the EFIH DIP Facility was amended, in part, to extend the maturity date of the facility and to increase the borrowings under the facility by   $75 million  .  The EFH Debtors paid fees and expenses of   $10 million   in connection with the amendment.  Further, the EFIH DIP Facility will now mature on the earlier of (a) the effective date of any plan of reorganization as it relates to the EFH Debtors, (b) upon the event of the sale of substantially all of EFIH's assets or (c) June 2017, subject to the right of the EFH Debtors, upon the payment of certain extension fees, to extend the maturity an additional six months. 
    
  The principal amounts outstanding under the EFIH DIP Facility bear interest based on applicable LIBOR rates, subject to a   1%   floor, plus   3.25%  .  At both   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  , outstanding borrowings under the EFIH DIP Facility totaled   $5.4 billion   at an annual interest rate of   4.25%  . The EFIH DIP Facility is a non-amortizing loan that may, subject to certain limitations, be voluntarily prepaid by the EFIH Debtors, in whole or in part, without any premium or penalty. 
    
  EFIH's obligations under the EFIH DIP Facility are secured by a first lien covering substantially all of EFIH's assets, rights and properties, subject to certain exceptions set forth in the EFIH DIP Facility.  The EFIH DIP Facility provides that all obligations thereunder constitute administrative expenses in the Chapter 11 Cases, with administrative priority and senior secured status under the Bankruptcy Code and, subject to certain exceptions set forth in the EFIH DIP Facility, will have priority over any and all administrative expense claims, unsecured claims and costs and expenses in the Chapter 11 Cases. 
    
  The EFIH DIP Facility provides for affirmative and negative covenants applicable to EFIH and EFIH Finance, including affirmative covenants requiring EFIH and EFIH Finance to provide financial information, budgets and other information to the agents under the EFIH DIP Facility, and negative covenants restricting EFIH's and EFIH Finance's ability to incur additional indebtedness, grant liens, dispose of assets, pay dividends or take certain other actions, in each case except as permitted in the EFIH DIP Facility.  The EFIH DIP Facility also includes a minimum liquidity covenant pursuant to which EFIH cannot allow the amount of its unrestricted cash (as defined in the EFIH DIP Facility) to be less than   $150 million  .  As of   September 30, 2016  , EFIH was in compliance with this minimum liquidity covenant.  The Oncor Ring-Fenced Entities are not restricted subsidiaries for purposes of the EFIH DIP Facility. 
    
  The EFIH DIP Facility provides for certain customary events of default, including events of default resulting from non-payment of principal, interest or other amounts when due, material breaches of representations and warranties, material breaches of covenants in the EFIH DIP Facility or ancillary loan documents, cross-defaults under other agreements or instruments and the entry of material judgments against EFIH.  Upon the existence of an event of default, the EFIH DIP Facility provides that all principal, interest and other amounts due thereunder will become immediately due and payable, either automatically or at the election of specified lenders. 
    
  The EFIH DIP Facility permits, subject to certain terms, conditions and limitations set forth in the EFIH DIP Facility, EFIH to incur incremental junior lien subordinated debt in an aggregate amount not to exceed   $3 billion  . 

23 

     Table of Contents  

Long-Term Debt Not Subject to Compromise     Amounts presented in the table below represent pre-petition liabilities that are not subject to compromise due to the debt being fully collateralized or specific orders from the Bankruptcy Court approving repayment of the debt. 

____________ 
           (a) 
    Amount represents unamortized fair value adjustments recorded under purchase accounting. 
              (b) 
    Approved by the Bankruptcy Court for repayment. 
              (c) 
    Debt issued by trust and secured by assets held by the trust. 
       
  Pursuant to the Plan of Reorganization, in September 2016, we repaid all outstanding EFCH fixed notes, including   $3 million   in prepayment, legal and other related fees. 

24 

     Table of Contents  

11. 
    LIABILITIES SUBJECT TO COMPROMISE (LSTC) 
       
  The amounts classified as LSTC reflect the company's estimate of pre-petition liabilities and other expected allowed claims to be addressed in the Chapter 11 Cases and may be subject to future adjustment as the Chapter 11 Cases proceed.  Amounts classified to LSTC do not include pre-petition liabilities that are fully collateralized by letters of credit or cash deposits.  The following table presents LSTC as reported in the condensed consolidated balance sheets at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 

On the Effective Date, the TCEH Debtors (together with the Contributed EFH Debtors) emerged from the Chapter 11 Cases and discharged approximately   $33.7 billion   in LSTC. 
    
  Pre-Petition Notes, Loans and Other Debt Reported as LSTC 
    
  Amounts presented below represent principal amounts of pre-petition notes, loans and other debt reported as LSTC. 

25 

     Table of Contents  

TCEH Letter of Credit Facility Activity 
    
  Borrowings under the TCEH Letter of Credit Facility had been recorded by TCEH as restricted cash that supported issuances of letters of credit.  At   December 31, 2015  , the restricted cash related to the pre-petition TCEH Letter of Credit Facility totaled   $507 million  , and there were   no   outstanding letters of credit related to the pre-petition TCEH Letter of Credit Facility.  Pursuant to the confirmation of the Plan of Reorganization in August 2016 with respect to the TCEH Debtors and the Contributed EFH Debtors, the restricted cash was reclassified to cash and cash equivalents. 
    
  Repayment of EFIH Notes 
    
  In March 2015, with the approval of the Bankruptcy Court, EFIH used some of its cash to repay (Repayment)   $735 million  , including interest at contractual rates, in amounts outstanding under EFIH's pre-petition 11.00% Fixed Senior Secured Second Lien Notes due October 1, 2021 (11.00% Notes) and 11.75% Fixed Senior Secured Second Lien Notes due March 1, 2022 (11.75% Notes) and   $15 million   in certain fees and expenses of the trustee for such notes.  The Repayment resulted in an   $84 million   reduction in the principal amount of the 11.00% Notes, a   $361 million   reduction in the principal amount of the 11.75% Notes and the payment of   $235 million   and   $55 million   of accrued and unpaid post-petition and pre-petition interest, respectively, at contractual rates.  The Repayment required the requisite consent of the lenders under EFIH's DIP Facility.  EFIH received such consent from approximately   97%   of the lenders under the EFIH DIP Facility in consideration of an aggregate consent fee equal to approximately   $13 million  . 
    
  Information Regarding Significant Pre-Petition Debt 
    
  See Note 13 to the Financial Statements in our 2015 Form 10-K for information regarding our pre-petition debt.  There have been no changes in pre-petition debt since December 31, 2015. 

26 

     Table of Contents  

12. 
    COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 
       
  Guarantees 
    
  We have entered into contracts that contain guarantees to unaffiliated parties that could require performance or payment under certain conditions.  Material guarantees are discussed below. 
    
  See Notes   10   and   11   for discussion of guarantees and security for certain of our post-petition and pre-petition debt. 
    
  Letters of Credit 
    
  At   September 30, 2016  , TCEH had outstanding letters of credit under the TCEH DIP Roll Facilities totaling   $546 million   as follows: 

$399 million   to support commodity risk management and trading collateral requirements in the normal course of business, including over-the-counter and exchange-traded hedging transactions and collateral postings with ERCOT; 
                
    $64 million   to support executory contracts and insurance agreements; 
                
    $55 million   to support TCEH's REP financial requirements with the PUCT, and 
                
    $28 million   for other credit support requirements. 
       
  On the Effective Date, all of TCEH's outstanding letters of credit under the TCEH DIP Roll Facilities became obligations under Reorganized TCEH's exit facility (see Note   10  ). 
    
  Litigation 
    
  Make-whole Claims     In May 2014, the indenture trustee for the EFIH 10% First Lien Notes initiated litigation in the Bankruptcy Court seeking, among other things, a declaratory judgment that EFIH is obligated to pay a make-whole premium in connection with the cash repayment of the EFIH First Lien Notes and that such make-whole premium is an allowed secured claim, or in the alternative, an allowed secured or unsecured claim for breach of contract (EFIH First Lien Make-whole Claims).  The indenture trustee has alleged that the EFIH First Lien Make-whole Claims are valued at approximately   $432 million   plus reimbursement of expenses.  In separate rulings in March and July 2015, the Bankruptcy Court found that no make-whole premium is due with respect to the EFIH 10% First Lien Notes.  In February 2016, the US District Court for the District of Delaware affirmed the Bankruptcy Court's rulings.  In September 2016, the US Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit heard oral argument in the Indenture Trustee's appeal of the District Court's ruling.  The EFIH Debtors intend to vigorously defend against this appeal.  We cannot predict the outcome or timing of this appeal. 
    
  In June 2014, the indenture trustee for the EFIH Second Lien Notes initiated litigation in the Bankruptcy Court seeking similar relief as the trustee of the EFIH 10% First Lien Notes with respect to the EFIH Second Lien Notes, including among other things, that EFIH is obligated to pay a make-whole premium in connection with any repayment of the EFIH Second Lien Notes and that such make-whole premium would be an allowed secured claim, or in the alternative, an allowed secured or unsecured claim for breach of contract (the EFIH Second Lien Make-whole Claims).  If, as of   September 30, 2016  , the EFIH Second Lien Make-whole Claims were allowed, the amount of such claims would have been approximately   $270 million   plus reimbursement of expenses.  In October 2015, the Bankruptcy Court issued a finding that no make-whole premium is due with respect to the EFIH Second Lien Notes.  In April 2016, the US District Court for the District of Delaware issued a ruling and order affirming the Bankruptcy Court's decision.  The indenture trustee has appealed that decision to the US Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit, and that court has consolidated the appeal with the appeal filed by the indenture trustee for the EFIH 10% First Lien Notes described above for the purposes of oral argument and final disposition.  In September 2016, the appeals court heard oral argument in the appeal.  The EFIH Debtors intend to vigorously defend against this appeal.  We cannot predict the outcome or timing of this appeal. 

27 

     Table of Contents  

In July 2015, the EFIH Debtors filed a claim objection with the Bankruptcy Court regarding the EFIH PIK noteholders' claims for a redemption or make-whole premium and post-petition interest at the contract rate under the EFIH PIK Notes.  In October 2015, the Bankruptcy Court issued opinions in favor of the EFIH Debtors.  One opinion found that no make-whole premium is due with respect to the EFIH PIK Notes.  The second opinion found that the EFIH PIK noteholders' allowed claim does not, as a matter of law, include post-petition interest whether at the contract rate or the Federal Judgment Rate.  This opinion did find, however, that, in connection with the confirmation of a plan of reorganization, the Bankruptcy Court could, at its discretion, grant post-petition interest as part of the EFIH PIK noteholders' allowed claim under general principals of equity and that such grant could be at the contract rate, the Federal Judgment Rate or any other amount that the Bankruptcy Court determines to be equitable.  The EFIH PIK Noteholders have appealed both rulings to the US District Court for the District of Delaware.  The parties agreed to and completed a briefing schedule; however, the US District Court for the District of Delaware has not scheduled oral arguments or otherwise issued a ruling.  The appeal of the post-petition interest ruling has been stayed by the US District Court for the District of Delaware pending an equitable proceeding suggested by the Bankruptcy Court's second opinion.  No briefing schedule has been set for that equitable proceeding.  The EFIH Debtors intend to vigorously defend against the appeals and the award of post-petition interest at a rate higher than the Federal Judgment Rate.  We cannot predict the outcome of either of these appeals or any equitable proceeding seeking the award of post-petition interest. 
    
  In October 2015, EFH Corp. filed a claim objection with the Bankruptcy Court with respect to the EFH Corp. Series P, Q and R Senior Notes (collectively, the EFH Legacy Notes) noteholders' claims for, among other things, make-whole premiums and post-petition interest.  If, as of   September 30, 2016  , a make-whole claim and a post-petition interest claim were allowed, such claims would be   $254 million   and   $98 million  , respectively.  In October 2015, the indenture trustee for the EFH Legacy Notes filed a response to this claim objection.  No argument date has been set by the Bankruptcy Court regarding the EFH Legacy Notes claim objection.  EFH Corp. intends to vigorously pursue its claim objection.  We cannot predict the outcome of this proceeding. 
    
  In October 2015, EFH Corp. filed a claim objection with the Bankruptcy Court with respect to the EFH Corp. 10.875% Senior Notes and 11.25%/12% Senior Toggle Notes (collectively, the EFH LBO Notes) noteholders' claims for, among other things, optional redemption payment and post-petition interest.  If, as of   September 30, 2016  , a redemption claim and a post-petition interest claim were allowed, such claims would be   zero   and   $20 million  , respectively.  The indenture trustee for the EFH LBO Notes has not yet filed a response to this claim objection.  No argument date has been set by the Bankruptcy Court regarding the EFH LBO Notes claim objection.  EFH Corp. intends to vigorously pursue its claim objection.  We cannot predict the outcome of this proceeding. 
    
  In addition, creditors may make additional claims in the Chapter 11 Cases for make-whole or redemption premiums in connection with repayments or settlement of other pre-petition debt.  These claims could be material.  There can be no assurance regarding the outcome of any of the litigation regarding the validity or, if deemed valid, the amount of these make-whole or redemption claims. 
    
  Litigation Related to EPA Reviews         In June 2008, the EPA issued an initial request for information to TCEH under the EPA's authority under Section 114 of the Clean Air Act (CAA).  The stated purpose of the request is to obtain information necessary to determine compliance with the CAA, including New Source Review Standards and air permits issued by the TCEQ for the Big Brown, Monticello and Martin Lake generation facilities.  In April 2013, we received an additional information request from the EPA under Section 114 related to the Big Brown, Martin Lake and Monticello facilities as well as an initial information request related to the Sandow 4 generation facility. 

28 

     Table of Contents  

In July 2012, the EPA sent us a notice of violation alleging noncompliance with the CAA's New Source Review Standards and the air permits at our Martin Lake and Big Brown generation facilities.  In July 2013, the EPA sent us a second notice of violation alleging noncompliance with the CAA's New Source Review Standards at our Martin Lake and Big Brown generation facilities, which the EPA said "superseded" its July 2012 notice.  In August 2013, the US Department of Justice, acting as the attorneys for the EPA, filed a civil enforcement lawsuit against Luminant Generation Company LLC and Big Brown Power Company LLC in federal district court in Dallas, alleging violations of the CAA at our Big Brown and Martin Lake generation facilities.  In August 2015, the district court issued its ruling on our motion to dismiss and granted the motion as to seven of the nine claims asserted by the EPA in the lawsuit.  In August 2016, the EPA filed an amended complaint, eliminating one of the two remaining claims and withdrawing a request for civil penalties in the other remaining claim.  The EPA also filed a motion for entry of final judgment.  In September 2016, we filed a motion opposing the EPA's motion for entry of final judgment.  In October 2016, the district court denied the EPA's motion for entry of final judgment.  Presently, the part of the one remaining claim remains before the district court, and it is currently scheduled for trial in October 2017.  We believe that we have complied with all requirements of the CAA and intend to vigorously defend against the remaining allegations.  The lawsuit requests the maximum civil penalties available under the CAA to the government of up to   $32,500   to   $37,500   per day for each alleged violation, depending on the date of the alleged violation, and injunctive relief, including an order requiring the installation of best available control technology at the affected units.  An adverse outcome could require substantial capital expenditures that cannot be determined at this time and could possibly require the payment of substantial penalties.  We cannot predict the outcome of these proceedings, including the financial effects, if any. 
    
  Greenhouse Gas Emissions 
    
  In August 2015, the EPA finalized rules to address greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions from new, modified and reconstructed units, and existing electricity generation plants.  The rule for existing facilities would establish state-specific emissions rate goals to reduce nationwide carbon dioxide emissions related to affected electricity generation units by over   30%   from 2012 emission levels by 2030.  A number of parties, including Luminant, filed petitions for review in the US Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit (D.C. Circuit Court) for the rule for new, modified and reconstructed plants.  In addition, a number of petitions for review of the rule for existing plants were filed in the D.C. Circuit Court by various parties and groups, including challenges from   twenty-seven   different states opposed to the rule as well as those from, among others, certain power generating companies, various business groups and some labor unions.  Luminant also filed its own petition for review.  In January 2016, a coalition of states, industry (including Luminant) and other parties filed applications with the US Supreme Court asking that the court stay the rule while the court reviews the legality of the rule for existing plants.  In February 2016, the US Supreme Court stayed the rule pending the conclusion of legal challenges on the rule before the D.C. Circuit Court and until the US Supreme Court disposes of any subsequent petition for review.  Oral argument on the merits of the legal challenges to the rule was heard in September 2016 before the entire D.C. Circuit Court.  While we cannot predict the outcome of this rulemaking and legal proceedings on our results of operations, liquidity or financial condition, the impacts could be material. 
    
  In August 2015, the EPA proposed model rules and federal plan requirements for states to consider as they develop state plans to comply with the rules for GHG emissions.  A federal plan would then be finalized for a state if a state fails to submit a state plan by the deadlines established in the CAA for existing plants or if the EPA disapproves a submitted state plan.  We filed comments on the federal plan proposal in January 2016.  While we cannot predict the timing or outcome of this rulemaking and legal proceedings on our results of operations, liquidity or financial condition, the impacts could be material. 
    
  Cross-State Air Pollution Rule (CSAPR) 
    
  In July 2011, the EPA issued the CSAPR, compliance with which would have required significant additional reductions of sulfur dioxide (SO   2   ) and nitrogen oxide (NO   x   ) emissions from our fossil fueled generation units.  In February 2012, the EPA released a final rule (Final Revisions) and a proposed rule revising certain aspects of the CSAPR, including increases in the emissions budgets for Texas and our generation assets as compared to the July 2011 version of the rule.  In June 2012, the EPA finalized the proposed rule (Second Revised Rule). 

29 

     Table of Contents  

The CSAPR became effective January 1, 2015.  In July 2015, following a remand of the case from the US Supreme Court to consider further legal challenges, the D.C. Circuit Court unanimously ruled in favor of us and other petitioners, holding that the CSAPR emissions budgets over-controlled Texas and other states.  The D.C. Circuit Court remanded those states' budgets to the EPA for prompt reconsideration.  While we planned to participate in the EPA's reconsideration process to develop increased budgets that do not over-control Texas, the EPA instead responded to the remand by updating the NO   X    ozone season budget for the 2008 ozone standard with a new rulemaking without explicitly addressing the issues of over-control of the 1997 standard.  Comments on the EPA's proposal were submitted by Luminant in February 2016.  In June 2016, the EPA issued a memorandum describing the EPA's proposed approach for responding to the D.C. Circuit Court's remand for reconsideration of the CSAPR SO   2    emission budgets for Texas and three other states that had been remanded to the EPA by the D.C. Circuit Court.  In the memorandum, the EPA stated that those four states could either voluntarily participate in the CSAPR by submitting a SIP revision adopting the SO   2    budgets that had been previously held invalid by the D.C. Circuit Court and the current annual NOx budgets or, if the state chooses not to participate in the CSAPR, the EPA could withdraw the CSAPR FIPs by the fall of 2016 for those states and address any interstate transport and regional haze obligations on a state-by-state basis.  While we cannot predict the outcome of future proceedings related to the CSAPR, including the EPA's recent actions concerning the CSAPR annual emissions budgets for affected states and participating in the CSAPR program, based upon our current operating plans we do not believe that the CSAPR will cause any material operational, financial or compliance issues.  We are currently evaluating the EPA's recent proposed actions regarding SO   2    budgets for Texas. 
    
  Regional Haze 
    
  The Regional Haze Program of the CAA establishes "as a national goal the prevention of any future, and the remedying of any existing, impairment of visibility in mandatory Class I federal areas, like national parks, which impairment results from man-made pollution."  There are   two   components to the Regional Haze Program.  First, states must establish goals for reasonable progress for Class I federal areas within the state and establish long-term strategies to reach those goals and to assist Class I federal areas in neighboring states to achieve reasonable progress set by those states towards a goal of natural visibility by 2064.  Second, electricity generation units built between 1962 and 1977 are subject to best available retrofit technology (BART) standards designed to improve visibility.  BART reductions of SO   2    and NO   X    are required either on a unit-by-unit basis or are deemed satisfied by state participation in an EPA-approved regional trading program such as the CSAPR.  In February 2009, the TCEQ submitted a State Implementation Plan (SIP) concerning regional haze (Regional Haze SIP) to the EPA.  In December 2011, the EPA proposed a limited disapproval of the Regional Haze SIP due to its reliance on the Clean Air Interstate Rule (CAIR) instead of the EPA's replacement CSAPR program.  In August 2012, we filed a petition for review in the Fifth Circuit Court challenging the EPA's limited disapproval of the Regional Haze SIP on the grounds that the CAIR continued in effect pending the D.C. Circuit Court's decision in the CSAPR litigation.  In September 2012, we filed a petition to intervene in a case filed by industry groups and other states and private parties in the D.C. Circuit Court challenging the EPA's limited disapproval and issuance of a Federal Implementation Plan (FIP) regarding the regional haze BART program.  The Fifth Circuit Court case has since been transferred to the D.C. Circuit Court and consolidated with other pending BART program regional haze appeals.  Briefing in the D.C. Circuit Court is scheduled to be completed by March 2017. 
    
  In response to a lawsuit by environmental groups, the D.C. Circuit Court issued a consent decree in March 2012 that required the EPA to propose a decision on the Regional Haze SIP by May 2012 and finalize that decision by November 2012.  The consent decree requires a FIP for any provisions that the EPA disapproves.  The D.C. Circuit Court has amended the consent decree several times to extend the dates for the EPA to propose and finalize a decision on the Regional Haze SIP.  The consent decree was modified in December 2015 to extend the deadline for the EPA to finalize action on the determination and adoption of requirements for BART for electricity generation.  Under the amended consent decree the EPA has until December 2016 to finalize a FIP for BART for Texas electricity generation sources, if the EPA determines that BART requirements have not been met. 

30 

     Table of Contents  

In June 2014, the EPA issued requests for information under Section 114 of the CAA to Luminant and other generators in Texas.  After releasing a proposed rule in November 2014 and receiving comments from a number of parties, including Luminant and the State of Texas in April 2015, the EPA released a final rule in January 2016 approving in part and disapproving in part Texas' SIP for Regional Haze and issuing a FIP for Regional Haze.  In the rule, the EPA asserts that the Texas SIP does not show reasonable progress in improving visibility for two areas in Texas and that its long-term strategy fails to make emission reductions needed to achieve reasonable progress in improving visibility in the Wichita Mountains of Oklahoma.  Unlike the proposed rule and inconsistent with how the EPA has applied Regional Haze rules to other states, the EPA's final rule does not treat Texas's compliance with the CSAPR as satisfying its obligations under the BART portion of the Regional Haze Program.  The EPA concluded that it would not be appropriate to finalize that determination at this time given the remand of the CSAPR budgets.  In our view, the EPA's proposed FIP for Texas goes beyond the requirements of the CAA and sets emission limits on a unit-by-unit basis for   15   electricity generation units in Texas.  The EPA's proposed emission limits assume additional control equipment for specific coal fueled generation units across Texas, including new flue gas desulfurization systems (scrubbers) at   seven   generation units and upgrades to existing scrubbers at   seven   generation units.  Specifically for Luminant, the EPA's emission limitations are based on new scrubbers at Big Brown Units 1 and 2 and Monticello Units 1 and 2 and scrubber upgrades at Martin Lake Units 1, 2 and 3, Monticello Unit 3 and Sandow Unit 4.  Luminant is continuing to evaluate the requirements and potential financial and operational impacts of the rule, but new scrubbers at the Big Brown and Monticello units necessary to achieve the emission limits required by the FIP (if those limits are possible to attain), along with the existence of low wholesale power prices in ERCOT, would likely challenge the long-term economic viability of those units.  Under the terms of the rule, the scrubber upgrades will be required by February 2019, and the new scrubbers will be required by February 2021.  In March 2016, Luminant and a number of other parties, including the State of Texas, filed petitions for review in the US Fifth Circuit Court challenging the FIP on Texas.  Luminant and other parties also filed motions to stay the FIP while the court reviews the legality of the EPA's action.  In July 2016, the Fifth Circuit Court denied the EPA's motion to dismiss our challenge to the FIP and denied the EPA's motion to transfer the challenges Luminant, the other industry petitioners and the State of Texas filed to the D.C. Circuit Court.  In addition, the Fifth Circuit Court granted the motions to stay filed by Luminant, the other industry petitioners and the State of Texas pending final review of the petitions for review.  The case is currently abated until the end of November 2016 in order to allow the parties to pursue settlement discussions.      While we cannot predict the outcome of the rulemaking and legal proceedings, the result may have a material impact on our results of operations, liquidity or financial condition. 
    
  State Implementation Plan (SIP) 
    
  In February 2013, in response to a petition for rulemaking filed by the Sierra Club, the EPA proposed a rule requiring certain states to replace SIP exemptions for excess emissions during malfunctions with an affirmative defense.  Texas was not included in that original proposal since it already had an EPA-approved affirmative defense provision in its SIP.  In 2014, as a result of a D.C. Circuit Court decision striking down an affirmative defense in another EPA rule, the EPA revised its 2013 proposal to extend the EPA's proposed findings of inadequacy to states that have affirmative defense provisions, including Texas.  The EPA's revised proposal would require Texas to remove or replace its EPA-approved affirmative defense provisions for excess emissions during startup, shutdown and maintenance events.  In May 2015, the EPA finalized the proposal.  In June 2015, we filed a petition for review in the Fifth Circuit Court challenging certain aspects of the EPA's final rule as they apply to the Texas SIP.  The State of Texas and other parties have also filed similar petitions in the Fifth Circuit Court.  In August 2015, the Fifth Circuit Court transferred the petitions that Luminant and other parties filed to the D.C. Circuit Court, and in October 2015 the petitions were consolidated with the pending petitions challenging the EPA's action in the D.C. Circuit Court.  Briefing in the D.C. Circuit Court on the challenges was completed in October 2016.  We cannot predict the timing or outcome of this proceeding. 
    
  In June 2014, the Sierra Club filed a petition in the D.C. Circuit Court seeking review of several EPA regulations containing affirmative defenses for malfunctions, including the Mercury and Air Toxics Standard (MATS) rule for power plants.  In the petition, the Sierra Club contends this affirmative defense is no longer permissible in light of a D.C. Circuit Court decision regarding similar defenses applicable to the cement industry.  Luminant filed a motion to intervene in this case.  In July 2014, the D.C. Circuit Court ordered the case stayed pending the EPA's consideration of a petition for administrative reconsideration of the regulations at issue.  In December 2014, the EPA signed a proposal to make technical corrections to the MATS rule.  We filed comments on this proposal in April 2015.  In March 2016, the EPA finalized the MATS technical corrections, including the removal of affirmative defense for malfunctions.  Except as set forth above, we cannot predict the timing or outcome of future proceedings related to this petition, the petition for administrative reconsideration that is pending before the EPA or the financial effects of these proceedings, if any. 

31 

     Table of Contents  

Other Matters 
    
  We are involved in various legal and administrative proceedings in the normal course of business, the ultimate resolutions of which, in the opinion of management, are not anticipated to have a material effect on our results of operations, liquidity or financial condition. 

EFH Corp. has not declared or paid any dividends since the Merger.  The agreement governing the TCEH DIP Roll Facilities generally restricts TCEH's ability to make distributions or loans to any of its parent companies or their subsidiaries unless such distributions or loans are expressly permitted under the agreement governing such facility.  The agreement governing the EFIH DIP Facility generally restricts EFIH's ability to make distributions or loans to any of its parent companies or their subsidiaries unless such distributions or loans are expressly permitted under the agreement governing such facility. 
    
  Under applicable law, we are prohibited from paying any dividend to the extent that immediately following payment of such dividend, there would be no statutory surplus or we would be insolvent. 
    
  Equity 
    
  The following table presents the changes to equity for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016  : 

________________ 
     
  The following table presents the changes to equity for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2015  : 

________________ 

32 

     Table of Contents  

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss 
    
  The following table presents the changes to accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016  .  There was no other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassification for the period. 
                                       
    Dedesignated Cash Flow Hedges   Interest Rate Swaps (Note 15) 
      
    Pension and Other Postretirement Employee Benefit Liabilities Adjustments 
      
    Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
      Balance at December 31, 2015 
    $ 
    (50 
    ) 
      
    $ 
    (76 
    ) 
      
    $ 
    (126 
    ) 
      Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss and reported in: 

Operating costs 

(4 
    ) 
      
    (4 
    ) 
      Depreciation and amortization 
    1 

1 
      
      Selling, general and administrative expenses 

(4 
    ) 
      
    (4 
    ) 
      Income tax benefit 

3 

3 
      
      Equity in earnings of unconsolidated subsidiaries (net of tax) 
    1 

1 

2 
      
      Total amount reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss during the period 
    2 

(4 
    ) 
      
    (2 
    ) 
      Balance at September 30, 2016 
    $ 
    (48 
    ) 
      
    $ 
    (80 
    ) 
      
    $ 
    (128 
    ) 

The following table presents the changes to accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2015  .  There was no other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassification for the period. 
                                       
    Dedesignated Cash Flow Hedges   Interest Rate Swaps (Note 15) 
      
    Pension and Other Postretirement Employee Benefit Liabilities Adjustments 
      
    Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
      Balance at December 31, 2014 
    $ 
    (53 
    ) 
      
    $ 
    (77 
    ) 
      
    $ 
    (130 
    ) 
      Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss and reported in: 

Operating costs 

(2 
    ) 
      
    (2 
    ) 
      Depreciation and amortization 
    1 

1 
      
      Selling, general and administrative expenses 

(3 
    ) 
      
    (3 
    ) 
      Income tax benefit 

2 

2 
      
      Equity in earnings of unconsolidated subsidiaries (net of tax) 
    1 

1 

2 
      
      Total amount reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss during the period 
    2 

(2 
    ) 

Balance at September 30, 2015 
    $ 
    (51 
    ) 
      
    $ 
    (79 
    ) 
      
    $ 
    (130 
    ) 

14. 
    FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS 
       
  Accounting standards related to the determination of fair value define fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset, or paid to transfer a liability, in an orderly transaction between willing market participants at the measurement date.  We use a mid-market valuation convention (the mid-point price between bid and ask prices) as a practical expedient to measure fair value for the majority of our assets and liabilities subject to fair value measurement on a recurring basis.  We primarily use the market approach for recurring fair value measurements and use valuation techniques to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. 

33 

     Table of Contents  

We categorize our assets and liabilities recorded at fair value based upon the following fair value hierarchy: 

Level 1 valuations use quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that are accessible at the measurement date.  An active market is a market in which transactions for the asset or liability occur with sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis.  Our Level 1 assets and liabilities include exchange-traded commodity contracts.  For example, some of our derivatives are NYMEX or ICE futures and swaps transacted through clearing brokers for which prices are actively quoted. 

Level 2 valuations use inputs that, in the absence of actively quoted market prices, are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly.  Level 2 inputs include: (a) quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets, (b) quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active, (c) inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability such as interest rates and yield curves observable at commonly quoted intervals and (d) inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data by correlation or other mathematical means.  Our Level 2 valuations utilize over-the-counter broker quotes, quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities that are corroborated by correlations or other mathematical means, and other valuation inputs.  For example, our Level 2 assets and liabilities include forward commodity positions at locations for which over-the-counter broker quotes are available. 

Level 3 valuations use unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.  Unobservable inputs are used to the extent observable inputs are not available, thereby allowing for situations in which there is little, if any, market activity for the asset or liability at the measurement date.  We use the most meaningful information available from the market combined with internally developed valuation methodologies to develop our best estimate of fair value.  For example, our Level 3 assets and liabilities include certain derivatives with values derived from pricing models that utilize multiple inputs to the valuations, including inputs that are not observable or easily corroborated through other means.  See further discussion below. 
       
  Our valuation policies and procedures are developed, maintained and validated by a centralized risk management group that reports to the Chief Financial Officer, who also functions as the Chief Risk Officer.  Risk management functions include commodity price reporting and validation, valuation model validation, risk analytics, risk control, credit risk management and risk reporting. 
    
  We utilize several different valuation techniques to measure the fair value of assets and liabilities, relying primarily on the market approach of using prices and other market information for identical and/or comparable assets and liabilities for those items that are measured on a recurring basis.  These methods include, among others, the use of broker quotes and statistical relationships between different price curves. 
    
  In utilizing broker quotes, we attempt to obtain multiple quotes from brokers (generally non-binding) that are active in the commodity markets in which we participate (and require at least one quote from two brokers to determine a pricing input as observable); however, not all pricing inputs are quoted by brokers.  The number of broker quotes received for certain pricing inputs varies depending on the depth of the trading market, each individual broker's publication policy, recent trading volume trends and various other factors. 
    
  Probable loss from default by either us or our counterparties is considered in determining the fair value of derivative assets and liabilities.  These non-performance risk adjustments take into consideration credit enhancements and the credit risks associated with our credit standing and the credit standing of our counterparties (see Note   15   for additional information regarding credit risk associated with our derivatives).  We utilize credit ratings and default rate factors in calculating these fair value measurement adjustments. 
    
  Certain derivatives and financial instruments are valued utilizing option pricing models that take into consideration multiple inputs including, but not limited to, commodity prices, volatility factors, discount rates and other market based factors.  Additionally, when there is not a sufficient amount of observable market data, valuation models are developed that incorporate proprietary views of market factors.  Significant unobservable inputs used to develop the valuation models include volatility curves, correlation curves, illiquid pricing locations and credit/non-performance risk assumptions.  Those valuation models are generally used in developing long-term forward price curves for certain commodities.  We believe the development of such curves is consistent with industry practice; however, the fair value measurements resulting from such curves are classified as Level 3. 
    
  The significant unobservable inputs and valuation models are developed by employees trained and experienced in market operations and fair value measurements and validated by the company's risk management group, which also further analyzes any significant changes in Level 3 measurements.  Significant changes in the unobservable inputs could result in significant upward or downward changes in the fair value measurement. 

34 

     Table of Contents  

With respect to amounts presented in the following fair value hierarchy tables, the fair value measurement of an asset or liability (e.g., a contract) is required to fall in its entirety in one level, based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement.  Certain assets and liabilities would be classified in Level 2 instead of Level 3 of the hierarchy except for the effects of credit reserves and non-performance risk adjustments, respectively.  Assessing the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment, considering factors specific to the asset or liability being measured. 
    
  Assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis consisted of the following: 

____________ 
           (a) 
    See table below for description of Level 3 assets and liabilities. 
              (b) 
    Fair values are determined on a contract basis, but certain contracts result in a current asset and a noncurrent liability, or vice versa, as presented in the condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
              (c) 
    The nuclear decommissioning trust investment is included in the other investments line in the condensed consolidated balance sheets.  See Note   18  . 
              (d) 
    Certain investments measured at fair value using the net asset value per share (or its equivalent) have not been classified in the fair value hierarchy.  This presentation is only allowed for periods beginning after December 15, 2015.  The fair value amounts presented in this line are intended to permit reconciliation of the fair value hierarchy to the amounts presented in the condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
       
  Commodity contracts consist primarily of natural gas, electricity, fuel oil, uranium and coal agreements and include financial instruments entered into for hedging purposes as well as physical contracts that have not been designated normal purchases or sales.  See Note   15   for further discussion regarding derivative instruments. 

35 

     Table of Contents  

Nuclear decommissioning trust assets represent securities held for the purpose of funding the future retirement and decommissioning of our nuclear generation facility.  These investments include equity, debt and other fixed-income securities consistent with investment rules established by the NRC and the PUCT. 
    
  The following tables present the fair value of the Level 3 assets and liabilities by major contract type and the significant unobservable inputs used in the valuations at   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  : 

December 31, 2015 

Fair Value 

Contract Type (a) 
      
    Assets 
      
    Liabilities 
      
    Total 
      
    Valuation Technique 
      
    Significant Unobservable Input 
      
    Range (b) 
      Electricity purchases and sales 
      
    $ 
    1 

$ 
    (1 
    ) 
      
    $ 

Valuation Model 
      
    Illiquid pricing locations (c) 
      
    $15 to $35/ MWh 

Hourly price curve shape (d) 
      
    $15 to $45/ MWh 
      Electricity spread options 
      
    2 

(7 
    ) 
      
    (5 
    ) 
      
    Option Pricing Model 
      
    Gas to power correlation (f) 
      
    35% to 80% 

Power volatility (g) 
      
    10% to 35% 
      Electricity congestion revenue rights 
      
    39 

(4 
    ) 
      
    35 

Market Approach (h) 
      
    Illiquid price differences between settlement points (i) 
      
    $0 to $10/MWh 
      Other (j) 
      
    7 

7 

Total 
      
    $ 
    49 

$ 
    (12 
    ) 
      
    $ 
    37 

____________ 
           (a) 
    Electricity purchase and sales contracts include power and heat rate hedging positions in the ERCOT regions.  Electricity spread options contracts consist of physical electricity call options.  Electricity congestion revenue rights contracts consist of forward purchase contracts (swaps and options) used to hedge electricity price differences between settlement points within ERCOT. 
              (b) 
    The range of the inputs may be influenced by factors such as time of day, delivery period, season and location. 
              (c) 
    Based on the historical range of forward average monthly ERCOT hub and load zone prices. 
              (d) 
    Based on the historical range of forward average hourly ERCOT North Hub prices. 
              (e) 
    Based on historical forward ERCOT power price and heat rate variability. 
              (f) 
    Estimate of the historical range based on forward natural gas and on-peak power prices for the ERCOT hubs most relevant to our spread options. 
              (g) 
    Based on historical forward price changes. 
              (h) 
    While we use the market approach, there is insufficient market data to consider the valuation liquid. 
              (i) 
    Based on the historical price differences between settlement points within the ERCOT hubs and load zones. 
     
   36 

     Table of Contents  

(j) 
    Other includes contracts for ancillary services, natural gas, power options, coal and coal options. 
       
  There were no significant transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy for the   three and nine months   ended   September 30, 2016 and 2015  .  See the table of changes in fair values of Level 3 assets and liabilities below for discussion of transfers between Level 2 and Level 3 for the   three and nine months   ended   September 30, 2016 and 2015  .  During the three months ended June 30, 2016, in conjunction with the Lamar and Forney Acquisition, we assumed certain electricity spread options that are classified in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. 
    
  The following table presents the changes in fair value of the Level 3 assets and liabilities for the   three and nine months   ended   September 30, 2016 and 2015  . 

____________ 
           (a) 
    Settlements reflect reversals of unrealized mark-to-market valuations previously recognized in net income.  Purchases and issuances reflect option premiums paid or received. 
              (b) 
    Includes transfers due to changes in the observability of significant inputs.  Transfers in and out occur at the end of each quarter, which is when the assessments are performed.  All Level 3 transfers during the periods presented are in and out of Level 2. 
              (c) 
    Substantially all changes in values of commodity contracts (excluding net liabilities assumed in the Lamar and Forney Acquisition) are reported in the condensed statements of consolidated income (loss) in net gain from commodity hedging and trading activities.  Activity excludes changes in fair value in the month the positions settled as well as amounts related to positions entered into and settled in the same quarter. 

15. 
    COMMODITY AND OTHER DERIVATIVE CONTRACTUAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES 
       
  Strategic Use of Derivatives 
    
  TCEH transacts in derivative instruments, such as options, swaps, futures and forward contracts, to manage commodity price risk.  See Note   14   for a discussion of the fair value of derivatives. 
    
  Commodity Hedging and Trading Activity     TCEH utilizes natural gas derivatives as hedging instruments designed to reduce exposure to changes in future electricity prices due to changes in the price of natural gas, thereby hedging future revenues from electricity sales from our generation assets.  In ERCOT, the wholesale price of electricity has generally moved with the price of natural gas.  TCEH also enters into derivatives, including electricity, natural gas, fuel oil, uranium, emission and coal instruments, generally for short-term hedging purposes.  Unrealized gains and losses arising from changes in the fair value of hedging and trading instruments as well as realized gains and losses upon settlement of the instruments are reported in the condensed statements of consolidated income (loss) in net gain from commodity hedging and trading activities. 

37 

     Table of Contents  

Termination of Commodity Hedges and Interest Rate Swaps     Commodity hedges and interest rate swaps entered into prior to the Petition Date are deemed to be forward contracts under the Bankruptcy Code.  The Bankruptcy Filing constituted an event of default under these arrangements, and in accordance with the contractual terms, counterparties terminated certain positions shortly after the Bankruptcy Filing.  The positions terminated consisted almost entirely of natural gas hedging positions and interest rate swaps that were secured by a first-lien interest in the same assets of TCEH on a pari passu basis with the TCEH Senior Secured Facilities and the TCEH Senior Secured Notes. 
    
  Entities with a first-lien security interest included counterparties to both our natural gas hedging positions and interest rate swaps, which had entered into master agreements that provided for netting and setoff of amounts related to these positions.  Additionally, certain counterparties to only our interest rate swaps hold the same first-lien security interest.  The total net liability of   $1.243 billion   as of   September 30, 2016   is reported in the condensed consolidated balance sheets as a liability subject to compromise.  Additionally, counterparties associated with the net liability are allowed, and, prior to the Effective Date, had been receiving, adequate protection payments related to their claims as permitted by TCEH's cash collateral order approved by the Bankruptcy Court (see Note   8  ). 
    
  Financial Statement Effects of Derivatives 
    
  Substantially all derivative contractual assets and liabilities are accounted for under mark-to-market accounting consistent with accounting standards related to derivative instruments and hedging activities.  The following tables provide detail of derivative contractual assets and liabilities as reported in the condensed consolidated balance sheets at   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  .  Derivative asset and liability totals represent the net value of the contract, while the balance sheet totals represent the gross value of the contract.  All amounts relate to commodity contracts. 

At   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  , there were no derivative positions accounted for as cash flow or fair value hedges. 
    
  The pretax effect of derivatives on net income (loss), including realized and unrealized effects, totaled   $239 million   and   $130 million   in net gains in the three months ended   September 30, 2016 and 2015  , respectively, and   $194 million   and   $281 million   in net gains in the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016 and 2015  , respectively, all of which related to commodity contracts reported in net gain from commodity hedging and trading activities in the condensed statements of consolidated income (loss).  Amounts represent changes in fair value of positions in the derivative portfolio during the period, as realized amounts related to positions settled are assumed to equal reversals of previously recorded unrealized amounts. 
    
  The pretax effect (all losses) on net income and other comprehensive income (OCI) of derivative instruments previously accounted for as cash flow hedges was immaterial in both the   three and nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  .  There were no amounts recognized in OCI for the   three and nine months   ended   September 30, 2016 and 2015  . 
    
  Accumulated other comprehensive income related to cash flow hedges (excluding Oncor's interest rate hedges) at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   totaled   $33 million   and   $34 million   in net losses (after-tax), respectively, substantially all of which relates to interest rate swaps previously accounted for as cash flow hedges.  We expect that   $2 million   of net losses (after-tax) related to cash flow hedges included in accumulated other comprehensive income at   September 30, 2016   will be reclassified into net income during the next twelve months as the related hedged transactions affect net income.  Since all of these amounts related to hedging activity conducted by TCEH, as of the Effective Date, these amounts in accumulated other comprehensive income were removed from the condensed consolidated balance sheet in conjunction with the separation of the EFH Debtors from the TCEH Debtors and the Contributed EFH Debtors. 

38 

     Table of Contents  

Balance Sheet Presentation of Derivatives 
    
  Consistent with elections under US GAAP to present amounts on a gross basis, we report derivative assets and liabilities in the condensed consolidated balance sheets without taking into consideration netting arrangements we have with counterparties.  We may enter into offsetting positions with the same counterparty, resulting in both assets and liabilities.  Volatility in underlying commodity prices can result in significant changes in assets and liabilities presented from period to period. 
    
  Margin deposits that contractually offset these derivative instruments are reported separately in the condensed consolidated balance sheets.  Margin deposits received from counterparties are either used for working capital or other general corporate purposes or, if there are restrictions on the use of cash, amounts are deposited in a separate restricted cash account.  At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , essentially all margin deposits held were unrestricted. 
    
  We maintain standardized master netting agreements with certain counterparties that allow for the netting of positive and negative exposures.  These agreements contain credit enhancements that allow for the right to offset assets and liabilities and collateral received in order to reduce credit exposure between us and the counterparty.  These agreements contain specific language related to margin requirements, monthly settlement netting, cross-commodity netting and early termination netting, which is negotiated with the contract counterparty. 
    
  The following tables reconcile our derivative assets and liabilities as presented in the condensed consolidated balance sheets to net amounts after taking into consideration netting arrangements with counterparties and financial collateral: 

____________ 
           (a) 
    Amounts presented exclude trade accounts receivable and payable related to settled financial instruments. 
              (b) 
    Financial collateral consists entirely of cash margin deposits. 

39 

     Table of Contents  

Derivative Volumes 
    
  The following table presents the gross notional amounts of derivative volumes at   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  : 

____________ 
           (a) 
    Represents gross notional forward sales, purchases and options transactions, locational basis swaps and other natural gas transactions. 
              (b) 
    Represents gross forward purchases associated with instruments used to hedge electricity price differences between settlement points within ERCOT. 
       
  Credit Risk-Related Contingent Features of Derivatives 
    
  The agreements that govern our derivative instrument transactions may contain certain credit risk-related contingent features that could trigger liquidity requirements in the form of cash collateral, letters of credit or some other form of credit enhancement.  Certain of these agreements require the posting of collateral if our credit rating is downgraded by one or more credit rating agencies. 
    
  At   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  , the fair value of liabilities related to derivative instruments under agreements with credit risk-related contingent features that were not fully collateralized totaled   $11 million   and   $58 million  , respectively.  The liquidity exposure associated with these liabilities was reduced by cash and letter of credit postings with counterparties totaling   $4 million   and   $31 million   at   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  , respectively.  If all the credit risk-related contingent features related to these derivatives had been triggered, including cross-default provisions, remaining liquidity requirements would be immaterial at both   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  . 
    
  In addition, certain derivative agreements include cross-default provisions that could result in the settlement of such contracts if there were a failure under other financing arrangements to meet payment terms or to comply with other covenants that could result in the acceleration of such indebtedness.  At   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  , the fair value of derivative liabilities subject to such cross-default provisions were immaterial.  At both   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  , no cash collateral or letters of credit were posted with these counterparties, and there was no liquidity exposure associated with these liabilities. 
    
  As discussed immediately above, the aggregate fair values of liabilities under derivative agreements with credit risk-related contingent features, including cross-default provisions, totaled   $12 million   and   $59 million   at   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  , respectively.  These amounts are before consideration of cash and letter of credit collateral posted, net accounts receivable and derivative assets under netting arrangements and assets subject to related liens. 
    
  Some commodity derivative contracts contain credit risk-related contingent features that do not provide for specific amounts to be posted if the features are triggered.  These provisions include material adverse change, performance assurance, and other clauses that generally provide counterparties with the right to request additional credit enhancements.  The amounts disclosed above exclude credit risk-related contingent features that do not provide for specific amounts or exposure calculations. 

40 

     Table of Contents  

Concentrations of Credit Risk Related to Derivatives 
    
  We have concentrations of credit risk with the counterparties to our derivative contracts.  At   September 30, 2016  , total credit risk exposure to all counterparties related to derivative contracts totaled   $460 million   (including associated accounts receivable).  The net exposure to those counterparties totaled   $268 million   at   September 30, 2016   after taking into effect netting arrangements, setoff provisions and collateral, with the largest net exposure to a single counterparty totaling   $114 million  .  At   September 30, 2016  , the credit risk exposure to the banking and financial sector represented   65%   of the total credit risk exposure and   57%   of the net exposure. 
    
  Exposure to banking and financial sector counterparties is considered to be within an acceptable level of risk tolerance because all of this exposure is with counterparties with investment grade credit ratings.  However, this concentration increases the risk that a default by any of these counterparties would have a material effect on our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity.  The transactions with these counterparties contain certain provisions that would require the counterparties to post collateral in the event of a material downgrade in their credit rating. 
    
  We maintain credit risk policies with regard to our counterparties to minimize overall credit risk.  These policies authorize specific risk mitigation tools including, but not limited to, use of standardized master agreements that allow for netting of positive and negative exposures associated with a single counterparty.  Credit enhancements such as parent guarantees, letters of credit, surety bonds, liens on assets and margin deposits are also utilized.  Prospective material changes in the payment history or financial condition of a counterparty or downgrade of its credit quality result in the reassessment of the credit limit with that counterparty.  The process can result in the subsequent reduction of the credit limit or a request for additional financial assurances.  An event of default by one or more counterparties could subsequently result in termination-related settlement payments that reduce available liquidity if amounts are owed to the counterparties related to the derivative contracts or delays in receipts of expected settlements if the counterparties owe amounts to us. 

16. 
    RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 
       
  The following represent our significant related-party transactions.  As of the Effective Date, pursuant to the Plan of Reorganization, EFH, EFIH, Oncor Holdings and Oncor ceased being affiliates of Reorganized TCEH and its subsidiaries, including the TCEH Debtors and the Contributed EFH Debtors. 

Previously, we accrued a management fee payable to the Sponsor Group under the terms of a management agreement.  Related amounts expensed and reported as SG A expense totaled   $10 million   and   $30 million   for the   three and nine months   ended   September 30, 2015  , respectively.    No   payments were made in the   three and nine months   ended   September 30, 2016 and 2015  .  We had previously paid these fees on a quarterly basis; however, beginning with the quarterly management fee due December 31, 2013, the Sponsor Group, while reserving the right to receive the fees, directed EFH Corp. to suspend payments of the management fees for an indefinite period.  Effective with the Petition Date, EFH Corp. suspended allocations of such fees to TCEH and EFIH.  Fees accrued as of the Petition Date were reclassified to LSTC, and fees accrued after the Petition Date were reported in other noncurrent liabilities and deferred credits.  Pursuant to the Settlement Agreement approved by the Bankruptcy Court in December 2015, the Sponsor Group has agreed to forego any and all claims under the management agreement in exchange for releases of alleged liabilities against the Debtors. 

In 2007, TCEH entered into the TCEH Senior Secured Facilities with syndicates of financial institutions and other lenders.  These syndicates included affiliates of GS Capital Partners, which is a member of the Sponsor Group.  Affiliates of each member of the Sponsor Group have from time to time engaged in commercial banking transactions with us and/or provided financial advisory services to us, in each case in the normal course of business. 

Affiliates of GS Capital Partners were parties to certain commodity and interest rate hedging transactions with us in the normal course of business. 

Affiliates of the Sponsor Group have sold or acquired, and in the future may sell or acquire, debt or debt securities issued by us in open market transactions or through loan syndications. 

41 

     Table of Contents  

TCEH's retail operations pay Oncor for services it provides, principally the delivery of electricity.  Expenses recorded for these services, reported in fuel, purchased power costs and delivery fees, totaled   $265 million   and   $279 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016 and 2015  , respectively, and   $700 million   and   $739 million   for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016 and 2015  , respectively.  The fees are based on rates regulated by the PUCT that apply to all REPs.  The condensed consolidated balance sheets at   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015   reflect amounts due currently to Oncor totaling   $146 million   and   $118 million  , respectively (included in net payables due to unconsolidated subsidiary), largely related to these electricity delivery fees.  Also see discussion below regarding receivables from Oncor under a Federal and State Income Tax Allocation Agreement. 

A former subsidiary of EFH Corp. (and following the Effective Date, a subsidiary of Reorganized TCEH) bills Oncor for financial and other administrative services and shared facilities at cost.  Such amounts reduced reported SG A expense less than $1 million and   $6 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016 and 2015  , respectively, and   $1 million   and   $16 million   for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016 and 2015  , respectively. 

A former subsidiary of EFH Corp. (and following the Effective Date, a subsidiary of Reorganized TCEH) bills TCEH subsidiaries for information technology, financial, accounting and other administrative services at cost.  These charges totaled   $51 million   and   $52 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016 and 2015  , respectively, and   $157 million   and   $151 million   for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016 and 2015  , respectively. 

For the three months ended March 31, 2016, TCEH settled a   $2 million   payable related to information technology assets purchased from a subsidiary of EFH Corp. in December 2015.  For the three months ended March 31, 2015, TCEH settled a   $15 million   payable related to information technology assets purchased from a subsidiary of EFH Corp. in 2014.  For the three months ended June 30, 2015, TCEH purchased and settled   $12 million   of additional assets.  Following the Effective Date, the assets are substantially for the use of Reorganized TCEH and its subsidiaries. 

Under Texas regulatory provisions, the trust fund for decommissioning the Comanche Peak nuclear generation facility is funded by a delivery fee surcharge billed to REPs by Oncor, as collection agent, and remitted monthly to TCEH (and following the Effective Date, a subsidiary of Reorganized TCEH) for contribution to the trust fund with the intent that the trust fund assets, reported in other investments in our condensed consolidated balance sheets, will ultimately be sufficient to fund the future decommissioning liability, reported in noncurrent liabilities in our condensed consolidated balance sheets.  The delivery fee surcharges remitted to TCEH totaled   $6 million   and   $5 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016 and 2015  , respectively, and   $15 million   and   $13 million   for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016 and 2015  , respectively.  Income and expenses associated with the trust fund and the decommissioning liability incurred by TCEH (and following the Effective Date, a subsidiary of Reorganized TCEH) are offset by a net change in a receivable/payable that ultimately will be settled through changes in Oncor's delivery fee rates.  At   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  , the excess of the trust fund balance over the decommissioning liability resulted in a payable totaling   $465 million   and   $409 million  , respectively, and is reported in noncurrent liabilities. 

We file a consolidated federal income tax return that includes Oncor Holdings' results.  Oncor is not a member of our consolidated tax group, but our consolidated federal income tax return includes our portion of Oncor's results due to our equity ownership in Oncor.  We also file a consolidated Texas state margin tax return that includes all of Oncor Holdings' and Oncor's results.  However, under a Federal and State Income Tax Allocation Agreement, Oncor Holdings' and Oncor's federal income tax and Texas margin tax expense and related balance sheet amounts, including our income taxes receivable from or payable to Oncor Holdings and Oncor, are recorded as if Oncor Holdings and Oncor file their own corporate income tax returns. 
       
  At   September 30, 2016  , our net current amount payable to Oncor Holdings related to federal and state income taxes (reported in net payables due to unconsolidated subsidiary) totaled   $64 million  ,   $69 million   of which related to Oncor.  The   $69 million   net payable to Oncor included an   $84 million   federal income tax payable and a   $15 million   state margin tax receivable.  Additionally, at   September 30, 2016  , we had a noncurrent tax payable to Oncor of   $65 million   recorded in other noncurrent liabilities and deferred credits and a noncurrent tax receivable from Oncor Holdings of   $2 million   recorded in other noncurrent assets.  At   December 31, 2015  , our net current amount payable to Oncor Holdings related to federal and state income taxes totaled   $87 million  ,   $89 million   of which related to Oncor.  The   $89 million   net payable to Oncor included a   $109 million   federal income tax payable offset by a   $20 million   state margin tax receivable.  Additionally, at   December 31, 2015  , we had a noncurrent tax payable to Oncor of   $65 million   recorded in other noncurrent liabilities and deferred credits and a noncurrent tax receivable from Oncor Holdings of   $2 million   recorded in other noncurrent assets. 

42 

     Table of Contents  

For the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016  , EFH Corp. received income tax payments from Oncor Holdings and Oncor totaling   $16 million   and   $20 million  , respectively.  For the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2015  , EFH Corp. received income tax payments from Oncor Holdings and Oncor totaling   $20 million   and   $63 million  , respectively. 

Oncor collected transition surcharges from its customers to recover the payment obligations related to its securitization (transition) bonds issued to recover generation-related regulatory assets.  As of   September 30, 2016  , Oncor had over-collected transition charges of approximately   $1 million   that is expected to be refunded to Reorganized TCEH upon PUCT approval. 

Oncor had requirements in place to assure adequate creditworthiness to support TCEH's obligation to collect securitization bond-related (transition) charges on its behalf.  Under these requirements, as a result of TCEH's credit rating being below investment grade, TCEH was required to post collateral support in an amount equal to estimated transition charges over specified time periods.  Accordingly, at   December 31, 2015  , TCEH had posted letters of credit and/or cash in the amount of   $6 million   for the benefit of Oncor.  In May 2016, the last series of Oncor's securitization bonds matured and the letters of credit were released. 

In December 2012, Oncor became the sponsor of a new pension plan (the Oncor Plan), the participants in which consist of all of Oncor's active employees and all retirees and terminated vested participants of EFH Corp. and its subsidiaries (including discontinued businesses).  Oncor had previously agreed to assume responsibility for pension liabilities that are recoverable by Oncor under regulatory rate-setting provisions.  As part of the pension plan actions, EFH Corp. fully funded the non-recoverable pension liabilities under the Oncor Plan.  After the pension plan actions, participants remaining in the EFH Corp. pension plan consist of active employees under collective bargaining agreements (union employees).  After the Effective Date, the EFH Corp. pension plan was transferred and assigned to Reorganized TCEH.  Oncor continues to be responsible for the recoverable portion of pension obligations to these union employees.  Under ERISA, EFH Corp. and Oncor remain jointly and severally liable for the funding of the EFH Corp. and Oncor pension plans. 

In September 2016, a cash contribution totaling   $2 million   was made to the EFH Corp. retirement plan, all of which was contributed by TCEH, which resulted in the EFH Corp. retirement plan continuing to be fully funded as calculated under the provisions of ERISA.  As a result of the Bankruptcy Filing, participants in the EFH Corp. retirement plan who chose to retire would not have been eligible for the lump sum payout option under the retirement plan unless the EFH Corp. retirement plan was fully funded. 

43 

     Table of Contents  

17. 
    SEGMENT INFORMATION 
       
  Prior to the Effective Date, our operations were aligned into   two   reportable business segments:  Competitive Electric and Regulated Delivery.  The segments were managed separately because they were strategic business units that offer different products or services and involve different risks. 
    
  The Competitive Electric segment was engaged in competitive market activities consisting of electricity generation, wholesale energy sales and purchases, commodity risk management and trading activities, and retail electricity operations for residential and business customers, all largely in the ERCOT market.  Prior to the Effective Date, these activities were conducted by TCEH. 
    
  The Regulated Delivery segment consists largely of our investment in Oncor.  Oncor is engaged in regulated electricity transmission and distribution operations in Texas.  These activities are conducted by Oncor, including its wholly owned bankruptcy-remote financing subsidiary.  See Note   4   for discussion of the reporting of Oncor Holdings and, accordingly, the Regulated Delivery segment, as an equity method investment.  See Note   16   for discussion of material transactions with Oncor, including payment to Oncor of electricity delivery fees, which are based on rates regulated by the PUCT. 
    
  Corporate and Other represents the remaining non-segment operations consisting primarily of discontinued businesses, general corporate expenses and interest and other expenses related to EFH Corp., EFIH and EFCH. 
    
  The business segment results reflect the application of ASC 852,   Reorganizations  .  The accounting policies of the business segments are the same as those described in the summary of significant accounting policies in Note 1 to the Financial Statements in our 2015 Form 10-K.  Our chief operating decision maker uses more than one measure to assess segment performance, including reported segment net income (loss), which is the measure most comparable to consolidated net income (loss) prepared based on GAAP.  We account for intersegment sales and transfers as if the sales or transfers were to third parties, that is, at current market prices or regulated rates.  Certain shared services costs are allocated to the segments. 

44 

     Table of Contents  

18. 
    SUPPLEMENTARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
       
  Other Income and Deductions 

____________ 
           (a) 
    Reported in Corporate and Other. 
              (b) 
    Reported in Competitive Electric segment. 
              (c) 
    Includes   $12 million   reported in Corporate and Other and   $11 million   in Competitive Electric segment. 
       
  Restricted Cash 

Trade Accounts Receivable 

Gross trade accounts receivable at   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015   included unbilled revenues of   $245 million   and   $231 million  , respectively. 

45 

     Table of Contents  

Allowance for Uncollectible Accounts Receivable 

Inventories by Major Category 

Other Investments 

Nuclear Decommissioning Trust     Investments in a trust that will be used to fund the costs to decommission the Comanche Peak nuclear generation plant are carried at fair value.  Decommissioning costs are being recovered from Oncor's customers as a delivery fee surcharge over the life of the plant and deposited by TCEH in the trust fund.  Income and expense associated with the trust fund and the decommissioning liability are offset by a corresponding change in a receivable/payable (currently a payable reported in noncurrent liabilities) that will ultimately be settled through changes in Oncor's delivery fees rates (see Note   16  ).  The nuclear decommissioning trust fund was not a debtor in the Chapter 11 Cases.  A summary of investments in the fund follows: 

____________ 
           (a) 
    Includes realized gains and losses on securities sold. 
              (b) 
    The investment objective for debt securities is to invest in a diversified tax efficient portfolio with an overall portfolio rating of AA or above as graded by S P or Aa2 by Moody's Investors Services, Inc.  The debt securities are heavily weighted with municipal bonds.  The debt securities had an average coupon rate of   3.56%   and   3.68%   at   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  , respectively, and an average maturity of   8 years   at both   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  . 
              (c) 
    The investment objective for equity securities is to invest tax efficiently and to match the performance of the S P 500 Index. 

46 

     Table of Contents  

Debt securities held at   September 30, 2016   mature as follows:   $109 million   in one to five years,   $82 million   in five to ten years and   $157 million   after ten years. 
    
  The following table summarizes proceeds from sales of available-for-sale securities and the related realized gains and losses from such sales. 

Property, Plant and Equipment 
    
  At   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  , property, plant and equipment of   $10.427 billion   and   $9.430 billion  , respectively, is stated net of accumulated depreciation and amortization of   $4.624 billion   and   $4.151 billion  , respectively. 
    
  Asset Retirement and Mining Reclamation Obligations 
    
  These liabilities primarily relate to nuclear generation plant decommissioning, land reclamation related to lignite mining, removal of lignite/coal fueled plant ash treatment facilities and generation plant asbestos removal and disposal costs.  There is no earnings impact with respect to changes in the nuclear plant decommissioning liability, as all costs are recoverable through the regulatory process as part of Oncor's delivery fees. 
    
  The following table summarizes the changes to these obligations, reported in other current liabilities and other noncurrent liabilities and deferred credits in the condensed consolidated balance sheets, for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016  : 

Other Noncurrent Liabilities and Deferred Credits 
    
  The balance of other noncurrent liabilities and deferred credits consists of the following: 

47 

     Table of Contents  

Unfavorable Purchase and Sales Contracts     The amortization of unfavorable purchase and sales contracts totaled   $6 million   for both the three months ended   September 30, 2016 and 2015   and   $18 million   and   $17 million   for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016 and 2015  , respectively.  See Note   5   for intangible assets related to favorable purchase and sales contracts. 
    
  As of the Effective Date, unfavorable purchase and sales contracts were removed from the condensed consolidated balance sheet in conjunction with the separation of the EFH Debtors from the TCEH Debtors and the Contributed EFH Debtors. 
    
  Fair Value of Debt 

We determine fair value in accordance with accounting standards as discussed in Note   14  , and at   September 30, 2016  , our debt fair value represents Level 2 valuations.  We obtain security pricing from an independent party who uses broker quotes and third-party pricing services to determine fair values.  Where relevant, these prices are validated through subscription services such as Bloomberg.  The fair value estimates of our pre-petition notes, loans and other debt reported as liabilities subject to compromise have been excluded from the table above.  As a result of our ongoing Chapter 11 Cases, obtaining the fair value estimates of our pre-petition debt subject to compromise is impractical, and the fair values will ultimately be decided through the Chapter 11 Cases. 
    
  Supplemental Cash Flow Information 

____________ 
           (a) 
    This amount includes amounts paid for adequate protection. 
              (b) 
    Represents cash payments for legal and other consulting services, including amounts paid on behalf of third parties pursuant to contractual obligations approved by the Bankruptcy Court. 
              (c) 
    Represents end-of-period accruals for ongoing construction projects. 
              (d) 
    Represents a reduction to EFH Corp.'s investment in Oncor Holdings due to an income tax adjustment related to alternative minimum tax utilization by Oncor. 

48 

Table of Contents  

Item 2. 
    MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
       
  The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations for the   three and nine months   ended   September 30, 2016 and 2015   should be read in conjunction with our condensed consolidated financial statements and the notes to those statements.  Results are impacted by the effects of the Bankruptcy Filing and the application of Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 852,   Reorganizations  . 
    
  All dollar amounts in the tables in the following discussion and analysis are stated in millions of US dollars unless otherwise indicated. 

Business 
    
  EFH Corp., a Texas corporation, is a Dallas-based holding company that conducts its operations principally through its Oncor subsidiary and, prior to October 3, 2016 (the Effective Date), its TCEH subsidiaries.  EFH Corp. is a subsidiary of Texas Holdings, which is controlled by the Sponsor Group. 
    
  Prior to the Effective Date, TCEH was a holding company for subsidiaries engaged in competitive electricity market activities largely in Texas, including electricity generation, wholesale energy sales and purchases, commodity risk management, and retail electricity operations.  On the Effective Date, subsidiaries of TCEH (the TCEH Debtors) and certain EFH Corp. subsidiaries (the Contributed EFH Debtors) emerged from the Chapter 11 Cases as subsidiaries of a newly-formed company, Reorganized TCEH.  On the Effective Date, Reorganized TCEH was spun-off from EFH Corp. in a tax-free transaction to the former first lien creditors of TCEH (see Note   2   to the Financial Statements). 
    
  Oncor is engaged in regulated electricity transmission and distribution operations in Texas.  Oncor provides distribution services to REPs, including subsidiaries of Reorganized TCEH, which sell electricity to residential, business and other consumers.  Oncor Holdings, a holding company that holds an approximately 80% equity interest in Oncor, is a wholly owned subsidiary of EFIH, which is a holding company and a wholly owned subsidiary of EFH Corp. 
    
  Various ring-fencing measures have been taken to enhance the credit quality of Oncor.  See Notes   1   and   4   to the Financial Statements for a discussion of the reporting of our investment in Oncor (and Oncor Holdings) as an equity method investment and a description of the ring-fencing measures implemented with respect to Oncor.  These measures were put in place to mitigate Oncor's exposure to the Texas Holdings Group with the intent to minimize the risk that a court would order any of the assets and liabilities of the Oncor Ring-Fenced Entities to be substantively consolidated with those of any member of the Texas Holdings Group in the event any such member were to become a debtor in a bankruptcy case.  Consistent with these ring-fencing measures, the assets and liabilities of the Oncor Ring-Fenced Entities have not been, and are not expected to be, substantively consolidated with the assets and liabilities of the EFH Debtors in the Chapter 11 Cases. 

Operating Segments 
    
  Prior to the Effective Date, our operations were aligned into two reportable business segments: Competitive Electric and Regulated Delivery.  The Competitive Electric segment consisted largely of TCEH.  The Regulated Delivery segment consists largely of our investment in Oncor. 
    
  See Note   17   to the Financial Statements for further information regarding reportable business segments. 

Significant Activities and Events and Items Influencing Future Performance 
    
  Filing under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code     On April 29, 2014 (the Petition Date), EFH Corp. and the substantial majority of its direct and indirect subsidiaries, including EFIH, EFCH and TCEH but excluding the Oncor Ring-Fenced Entities, (the Debtors) filed voluntary petitions for relief (the Bankruptcy Filing) under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code (the Bankruptcy Code) in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware (the Bankruptcy Court).  During the pendency of the Bankruptcy Filing (the Chapter 11 Cases), the Debtors have operated their businesses as debtors-in-possession under the jurisdiction of the Bankruptcy Court and in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Bankruptcy Code. 

49 

     Table of Contents  

In August 2016, the Bankruptcy Court entered an order confirming the Debtors' Third Amended Joint Plan of Reorganization (the Plan of Reorganization) solely as it pertains to the TCEH Debtors and the Contributed EFH Debtors. 
    
  On October 3, 2016 (the Effective Date), the Plan of Reorganization solely with respect to the TCEH Debtors and the Contributed EFH Debtors became effective and the TCEH Debtors and the Contributed EFH Debtors completed their reorganization under the Bankruptcy Code and emerged from the Chapter 11 Cases. 
    
  For additional discussion of the Bankruptcy Filing, the emergence of the TCEH Debtors and the Contributed EFH Debtors and their related effects, see Note   2   to the Financial Statements. 
    
  Lamar and Forney Acquisition     In April 2016, Luminant purchased all of the membership interests in La Frontera Holdings, LLC, the indirect owner of two natural gas fueled generation facilities representing nearly 3,000 MW of capacity located in ERCOT, from a subsidiary of NextEra Energy, Inc.  The facility in Forney, Texas has a capacity of 1,912 MW and the facility in Paris, Texas has a capacity of 1,076 MW.  The aggregate purchase price was approximately $1.313 billion, which included the repayment of approximately $950 million of existing project financing indebtedness, plus approximately $236 million for cash and net working capital subject to final settlement.  The purchase price was funded by cash-on-hand and additional borrowings under the TCEH DIP Facility totaling $1.1 billion.  After completing the acquisition, we repaid approximately $230 million of borrowings under the TCEH DIP Revolving Credit Facility primarily utilizing cash acquired in the transaction.  See Note   3   to the Financial Statements for further discussion of the acquisition. 
    
  TCEH DIP Roll Facilities       In August 2016, TCEH entered into the TCEH DIP Roll Facilities.  Prior to the Effective Date, the facility provided for up to $4.250 billion in senior secured, super-priority financing consisting of a revolving credit facility of up to $750 million, a term loan letter of credit facility of up to $650 million and a term loan facility of up to $2.850 billion.  Approximately $2.65 billion of the net proceeds from the TCEH DIP Roll Term Loan Facility were used to repay all amounts outstanding under the former TCEH DIP Credit Facility, and the remaining net proceeds were used for general corporate purposes.  Upon the Effective Date, the TCEH DIP Roll Facilities converted to a senior secured exit facility with maturity dates of August 2021 for the revolving credit facility and August 2023 for the term loan facilities.  See Note   10   to the Financial Statements for discussion of the TCEH DIP Roll Facilities. 
    
  Extension of EFIH DIP Facility     In October 2016, the EFIH DIP Facility was amended, in part, to extend the maturity date of the facility and to increase the borrowings under the facility by $75 million to $5.475 billion.  The EFH Debtors paid fees and expenses of $10 million in connection with the amendment.  Further, the EFIH DIP Facility will now mature on the earlier of (a) the effective date of any plan of reorganization as it relates to the EFH Debtors, (b) upon the event of the sale of substantially all of EFIH's assets or (c) June 2017, subject to the right of the EFH Debtors, upon the payment of certain extension fees, to extend the maturity an additional six months.  See Note   10   to the Financial Statements for discussion of the EFIH DIP Facility. 
    
  Environmental Matters     See Note   12   to Financial Statements for a discussion of greenhouse gas emissions, the CSAPR, regional haze, state-implementation plan and other recent EPA actions as well as related litigation. 
    
  Oncor 2008 Rate Review Filing (PUCT Docket No. 35717)     Oncor filed a petition for review with the Texas Supreme Court in February 2015 regarding previous opinions issued by the Texas Third Court of Appeals (Austin Court of Appeals) related to Oncor's June 2008 rate review filing.  The issues in the appeal pertain to the Austin Court of Appeals affirming the PUCT's disallowance of certain franchise fees, affirming the PUCT's decision that the Texas Public Utility Regulatory Act (PURA) no longer requires imposition of a rate discount for state colleges and universities and remanding to the PUCT the calculation of the consolidated tax savings adjustment arising out of EFH Corp.'s ability to offset Oncor's taxable income against losses from other investments.  The Texas Supreme Court granted the petition for review and heard oral arguments in September 2016.  There is no deadline for the court to act.  If Oncor's appeals efforts are unsuccessful and the proposed consolidated tax savings adjustment is implemented, Oncor estimates that on remand the impact on earnings of the consolidated tax savings adjustment's value could range from zero, as originally determined by the PUCT in Docket No. 35717, to a $135 million loss (after-tax) including interest.  Interest accrues at the PUCT approved rate for over-collections, which is 0.18% for 2016.  Oncor does not believe that any of the other issues ruled upon by the Austin Court of Appeals would result in a material impact to its results of operations or financial condition. 

50 

     Table of Contents  

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
    
  Consolidated Financial Results       Three and   Nine Months   Ended   September 30, 2016   Compared to Three and   Nine Months   Ended   September 30, 2015 
    
  Net income (loss) before income taxes and equity in earnings of unconsolidated subsidiaries by segment for the   three and nine months   ended   September 30, 2016 and 2015   are presented below: 

A favorable change of $2.12 billion in consolidated net income (loss) before income taxes and equity in earnings of unconsolidated subsidiaries for EFH Corp. in the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the three months ended   September 30, 2015   primarily reflected $1.295 billion in noncash impairments of certain long-lived assets in 2015 and a $700 million noncash impairment of goodwill in 2015. 
    
  Consolidated net loss before income taxes and equity in earnings of unconsolidated subsidiaries for EFH Corp. decreased by $3.524 billion in the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2015  .  The decrease primarily reflected $1.971 billion in noncash impairments of certain long-lived assets in 2015, $1.4 billion in noncash impairments of goodwill in 2015 and a $143 million decrease in interest expense reflecting the payment of post-petition interest related to the EFIH Second Lien Notes in 2015. 
    
  See   Competitive Electric Segment   Financial Results   below for a discussion of significant variances in financial results for the   three and nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   when compared to the   three and nine months   ended   September 30, 2015  .  See Note   18   to the Financial Statements for details of other income and deductions.  See Note   8   to the Financial Statements for details of interest expense and related charges.  See Note   9   to the Financial Statements for details of reorganization items.  See Note   6   to the Financial Statements for reconciliation of comparable effective tax rates to the US federal statutory rate. 

51 

     Table of Contents  

Competitive Electric Segment 
  Revenue, Sales Volume and Customer Count Data 

____________ 
           (a) 
    Upon settlement, physical derivative commodity contracts that we mark-to-market in net income, such as certain electricity sales and purchase agreements and coal purchase contracts, wholesale electricity revenues and fuel and purchased power costs, are reported at approximated market prices, as required by accounting rules, rather than contract price.  The offsetting differences between contract and market prices are reported in net gain from commodity hedging and trading activities. 
              (b) 
    Includes net amounts related to sales and purchases of balancing energy in the ERCOT real-time market. 
              (c) 
    Weather data is obtained from Weatherbank, Inc., an independent company that collects and archives weather data from reporting stations of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (a federal agency under the US Department of Commerce).  Normal is defined as the average over the 10-year period from 2000 to 2010. 
              (d) 
    Based on number of meters.  Typically, large business and other customers have more than one meter; therefore, number of meters does not reflect the number of individual customers. 

52 

     Table of Contents  

Competitive Electric Segment 
  Production, Purchased Power and Delivery Cost Data 

____________ 
           (a) 
    See note (a) to the   Revenue, Sales Volume and Customer Count Data   table on previous page. 
              (b) 
    Includes depreciation and amortization of lignite mining assets, which is reported in the depreciation and amortization expense line item, but is part of overall fuel costs and excludes unrealized amounts as discussed in footnote (a) to the   Revenue, Sales Volume and Customer Count Data   table on the previous page. 
              (c) 
    Excludes volumes related to line loss and power imbalances and unrealized amounts referenced in footnote (a) to the   Revenue, Sales Volume and Customer Count Data   table on previous page. 
               (e) 
    The percent changes between the periods presented have been excluded because they are not meaningful due to the addition of the Lamar and Forney natural gas fueled generation facilities in 2016. 
              (f) 
    Includes amounts related to line loss and power imbalances. 

53 

     Table of Contents  

Competitive Electric Segment       Financial Results       Three Months Ended   September 30, 2016   Compared to Three Months Ended   September 30, 2015 
    
  The overall $2.118 billion improvement in income (loss) before income taxes primarily reflected the noncash impairment of goodwill and the noncash impairments of certain long-lived assets in 2015 and higher net gains in commodity hedging activities in 2016.  In 2015, a noncash impairment of goodwill totaling $700 million and noncash impairments of certain long-lived assets totaling $1.295 billion were recorded as discussed in Notes   5   and   7   to the Financial Statements. 
    
  Operating revenues decreased $47 million driven by decreases in retail electricity revenues, partially offset by an increase in wholesale electricity revenues.  Retail electricity revenues decreased $136 million reflecting lower average pricing of 6% and a 4% decrease in sales volumes due to mild weather.  Wholesale electricity revenues increased $88 million due to a 4,808 GWh increase in generation volumes driven by the Lamar and Forney Acquisition in April 2016, partially offset by lower average prices. 
    
  Following is an analysis of amounts reported as net gain from commodity hedging and trading activities.  Results are primarily related to natural gas and power hedging activity. 

Decreases in operating revenues were offset by a $52 million increase in realized gains during 2016 which reflected higher settled gains due to declining market prices on natural gas and power positions. 
    
  The $181 million increase in unrealized gains reflected a larger reversal of previously recorded unrealized losses on settled positions in 2016 and higher unrealized net gains recorded in 2016 due to unrealized gains on heat rate and power hedges due to decreases in forward prices. 
    
  Fuel, purchased power costs and delivery fees increased $43 million driven by an $80 million increase in fuel costs for natural gas facilities, which reflected the Lamar and Forney Acquisition, partially offset by lower delivery fees and lower nuclear and lignite/coal facilities fuel costs. 
    
  Depreciation and amortization expenses decreased $43 million, driven by the effect of noncash impairments of certain long-lived assets recorded in 2015, partially offset by incremental depreciation associated with the Lamar and Forney Acquisition. 
    
  For the three months ended September 30, 2016, results include $7 million of severance expense, primarily reported in fuel, purchased power and delivery fees and operating costs, associated with certain actions taken to reduce costs related to our mining and lignite/coal generation operations. 
    
  Competitive Electric Segment       Financial Results         Nine Months   Ended   September 30, 2016   Compared to   Nine Months   Ended   September 30, 2015 
    
  The overall $3.231 billion decrease in loss before income taxes primarily reflected the noncash impairment of goodwill and the noncash impairments of certain long-lived assets in 2015, partially offset by lower operating revenues.  In 2015, a noncash impairment of goodwill totaling $1.4 billion and noncash impairments of certain long-lived assets totaling $1.971 billion were recorded as discussed in Notes   5   and   7   to the Financial Statements. 
    
  Operating revenues decreased $292 million driven by decreases in retail electricity revenues, partially offset by an increase in wholesale electricity revenues.  Retail electricity revenues decreased $385 million in 2016 reflecting a $223 million decrease due to 7% lower average pricing and a $162 million decrease due to a 5% decrease in sales volumes driven by milder weather.  Wholesale electricity revenues increased $110 million due to a 7,106 GWh increase in generation volumes driven by the Lamar and Forney Acquisition in April 2016, partially offset by lower average wholesale electricity prices. 

54 

     Table of Contents  

Following is an analysis of amounts reported as net gain from commodity hedging and trading activities.  Results are primarily related to natural gas and power hedging activity. 

Decreases in operating revenues were partially offset by a $199 million increase in realized net gains during 2016 which reflected settled gains due to declining market prices.  These gains were primarily related to natural gas positions. 
    
  The $143 million unfavorable change in net unrealized gains (losses) reflected a larger reversal of previously recorded unrealized net gains on settled positions in 2016 and higher unrealized net gains recorded in 2015 due to an increase in forward natural gas and power prices on hedge positions. 
    
  The $8 million decrease in fuel, purchased power costs and delivery fees in 2016 reflected a $61 million decrease in delivery fees, $38 million in lower nuclear and lignite/coal facilities fuel costs and $28 million in lower purchased power costs, partially offset by a $139 million increase in fuel costs for natural gas facilities, which reflects impacts of the Lamar and Forney Acquisition. 
    
  The $66 million increase in operating costs reflected higher nuclear maintenance costs due to a spring nuclear outage in 2016 compared to a fall outage in 2015 and incremental operating and maintenance costs associated with the Lamar and Forney Acquisition. 
    
  Depreciation and amortization expenses decreased $175 million, driven by the effect of noncash impairments of certain long-lived assets recorded in 2015, partially offset by incremental expense associated with the Lamar and Forney Acquisition. 
    
  For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, results include $32 million of severance expense, primarily reported in fuel, purchased power and delivery fees and operating costs, associated with certain actions taken to reduce costs related to our mining and lignite/coal generation operations. 
    
  Competitive Electric Segment       Energy-Related Commodity Contracts and Mark-to-Market Activities 
    
  The table below summarizes the changes in commodity contract assets and liabilities for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016 and 2015  .  The net change in these assets and liabilities, excluding "other activity" as described below, reflects $38 million in unrealized net losses in 2016 and $105 million in unrealized net gains in   2015   arising from mark-to-market accounting for positions in the commodity contract portfolio. 

____________ 
           (a) 
    Represents reversals of previously recognized unrealized gains and losses upon settlement/termination (offsets realized gains and losses recognized in the settlement period).  Excludes changes in fair value in the month the position settled as well as amounts related to positions entered into and settled in the same month. 
              (b) 
    Represents unrealized net gains (losses) recognized, reflecting the effect of changes in fair value.  Excludes changes in fair value in the month the position settled as well as amounts related to positions entered into and settled in the same month. 
              (c) 
    These amounts do not represent unrealized gains or losses.  Includes fair value of acquired commodity contracts as of the date of the Lamar and Forney Acquisition (see Note 3 to the Financial Statements).  Also includes initial values of positions involving the receipt or payment of cash or other consideration, generally related to options purchased/sold. 

55 

     Table of Contents  

Maturity Table     The following table presents the net commodity contract asset arising from recognition of fair values at   September 30, 2016  , scheduled by the source of fair value and contractual settlement dates of the underlying positions. 

Regulated Delivery Segment       Three Months Ended   September 30, 2016   Compared to Three Months Ended   September 30, 2015 
    
  Equity in earnings of our Oncor Holdings unconsolidated subsidiary (net of tax) totaled $127 million in both   2016   and 2015.  Equity earnings of Oncor primarily reflected increased revenues due to growth in points of delivery and increases in transmission investment, offset by decreased revenues due to lower consumption, primarily driven by milder summer weather conditions.  See Note   4   to the Financial Statements. 
    
  Regulated Delivery Segment         Nine Months   Ended   September 30, 2016   Compared to   Nine Months   Ended   September 30, 2015 
    
  Equity in earnings of our Oncor Holdings unconsolidated subsidiary (net of tax) decreased $4 million to $274 million in   2016  .  The decrease in equity earnings of Oncor primarily reflected decreased revenues due to lower consumption, primarily driven by milder winter, spring and summer weather conditions, partially offset by increased revenues due to growth in points of delivery and increases in transmission investment.  See Note   4   to the Financial Statements. 
    
  Corporate and Other Activity       Three Months Ended   September 30, 2016   Compared to Three Months Ended   September 30, 2015 
    
  Net loss before income taxes and equity in earnings of unconsolidated subsidiaries from Corporate and Other activities decreased $2 million in 2016 to $103 million.  The change primarily reflects: 

a $14 million decrease in SG A expenses primarily due to Sponsor Group management fees accrued in 2015 (see Note   16   to the Financial Statements), and 
                
    an $9 million decrease in the Corporate and Other portion of reorganization items in 2016, 
       
  partially offset by: 

a $15 million increase in other deductions primarily due to adjustment of asbestos related liabilities (see Notes   2   and   18   to the Financial Statements). 
       
  Corporate and Other Activity         Nine Months   Ended   September 30, 2016   Compared to   Nine Months   Ended   September 30, 2015 
    
  Net loss before income taxes and equity in earnings of unconsolidated subsidiaries from Corporate and Other activities decreased $293 million in 2016 to $290 million.  The change primarily reflects: 

a $228 million decrease in interest expense reflecting the payment of post-petition interest related to the EFIH Second Lien Notes in 2015 (see Note   11   to the Financial Statements); 
                
    a $47 million decrease in SG A expenses primarily due to Sponsor Group management fees accrued in 2015 (see Note   16   to the Financial Statements) and lower technology costs and functional costs for support groups, and 
                
    a $33 million decrease in the Corporate and Other portion of reorganization items in 2016, 
       
  partially offset by a $18 million increase in other deductions primarily due to adjustment of asbestos related liabilities (see Notes   2   and   18   to the Financial Statements). 

56 

     Table of Contents  

FINANCIAL CONDITION 
    
  Cash Flows       Nine Months   Ended   September 30, 2016   Compared to   Nine Months   Ended   September 30, 2015     Cash used in operating activities totaled $328 million and $123 million in   2016   and   2015  , respectively.  The increase in cash used of $205 million was primarily driven by a $232 million decrease in cash provided by margin deposits. 
    
  Depreciation and amortization expense reported in the condensed statements of consolidated cash flows exceeded the amount reported in the condensed statements of consolidated income (loss) by   $72 million   and   $114 million   for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016 and 2015  , respectively.  The difference primarily represents amortization of nuclear fuel, which is reported as fuel costs in the condensed statements of consolidated income (loss) consistent with industry practice. 
    
  Cash provided by financing activities totaled $1.855 billion in   2016   compared to cash used in financing activities of $497 million in   2015  .  Activity in 2016 reflected $2.040 billion in net borrowings under the TCEH DIP Roll Facilities and the TCEH DIP Facility, including $870 million in net borrowings to fund the Lamar and Forney Acquisition (see Note   3   to the Financial Statements).  Activity in 2016 also reflected $112 million in fees related to the issuance of the TCEH DIP Roll Facilities, $14 million in fees related to the extensions of the EFIH DIP Facility and $59 million in debt repayments.  Activity in 2015 reflected the repayment of $445 million principal amount of EFIH Second Lien Notes and $28 million in fees related to the repayment (see Note   11   to the Financial Statements). 
    
  Cash used in investing activities totaled $1.247 billion and $307 million in   2016   and   2015  , respectively.  Cash used in 2016 reflected payments of $1.343 billion related to the Lamar and Forney Acquisition net of cash acquired (see Note   3   to the Financial Statements) and capital expenditures (including nuclear fuel purchases) totaling $263 million, partially offset by a $365 million decrease in restricted cash used to backstop letters of credit. 
    
  Debt Activity     See Notes   10   and   11   to the Financial Statements for details of debtor-in-possession borrowing facilities and pre-petition debt. 
    
  Available Liquidity     The following table summarizes changes in available liquidity for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016  : 

___________ 
           (a) 
    Cash and cash equivalents at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   exclude $650 million and   $1.026 billion  , respectively, of restricted cash held for letter of credit support.  The   September 30, 2016   restricted cash balance represents borrowings under the TCEH DIP Roll Term Loan Letter of Credit Facility held in a collateral account that supports   $546 million   in letters of credit outstanding, leaving   $104 million   in available letter of credit capacity (see Note   10  ). 
       
  The decrease in available liquidity of $920 million in the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   December 31, 2015   was primarily driven by $2.040 billion in net borrowings under the TCEH DIP Roll Facilities and the TCEH DIP Facility, including $870 million in net borrowings to fund the Lamar and Forney Acquisition (see Note   3   to the Financial Statements), $1.246 billion in cash interest payments (including adequate protection payments), $263 million in capital expenditures (including nuclear fuel purchases) and $197 million of cash used to pay for reorganization expenses, partially offset by a $365 million decrease in restricted cash used to backstop letters of credit and $135 million of cash received in distributions from Oncor Holdings. 

57 

     Table of Contents  

We have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant costs associated with the Chapter 11 Cases and our reorganization, but we cannot accurately predict the effect the Chapter 11 Cases will have on our operations, liquidity, financial position and results of operations.  Based upon our current internal financial forecasts, we believe that we will have sufficient amounts available under the EFIH DIP Facility to fund our anticipated cash requirements through at least the maturity date of the EFIH DIP Facility. 
    
  Debt Capacity     The EFIH DIP Facility permits, subject to certain terms, conditions and limitations, EFIH to incur incremental junior lien subordinated debt in an aggregate amount not to exceed $3 billion. 
    
  Distributions of Earnings from Oncor Holdings and Related Considerations         Oncor Holdings' distributions of earnings to us totaled   $135 million   and   $206 million   for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016 and 2015  , respectively.  In October 2016, Oncor Holdings' board of directors declared a cash distribution expected to be up to approximately $28 million with the exact amount to be determined by Oncor's management.  See Note   4   to the Financial Statements for discussion of limitations on amounts Oncor can distribute to its members. 
    
  EFH Corp., Oncor Holdings, Oncor and Oncor's minority investor are parties to a Federal and State Income Tax Allocation Agreement.  Additional income tax amounts receivable or payable may arise in the normal course under that agreement. 
    
  Income Tax Matters         EFH Corp. files a US federal income tax return that includes the results of EFCH, EFIH, Oncor Holdings and TCEH.  EFH Corp. (parent entity) is a corporate member of the EFH Corp. consolidated group, while each of EFIH, Oncor Holdings, EFCH and TCEH is classified as a disregarded entity for US federal income tax purposes.  Oncor is a partnership for US federal income tax purposes and is not a corporate member of the EFH Corp. consolidated group.  Pursuant to applicable US Treasury regulations and published guidance of the IRS, corporations that are members of a consolidated group have joint and several liability for the taxes of such group.  Subsequent to the Effective Date, the TCEH Debtors and the Contributed EFH Debtors will no longer be included in the consolidated income tax return and will be included in an income tax return with Reorganized TCEH. 
    
  Prior to the Effective Date, EFH Corp. and certain of its subsidiaries (including EFCH, EFIH, and TCEH, but not including Oncor Holdings and Oncor) were parties to a Federal and State Income Tax Allocation Agreement, which provided, among other things, that any corporate member or disregarded entity in the EFH Corp. group was required to make payments to EFH Corp. in an amount calculated to approximate the amount of tax liability such entity would have owed if it filed a separate corporate tax return.  Pursuant to the Plan of Reorganization, the TCEH Debtors and the Contributed EFH Debtors rejected this agreement on the Effective Date.  Additionally, since the date of the Settlement Agreement, no further cash payments among the Debtors were made in respect of federal income taxes.  We have elected to continue to allocate federal income taxes among the entities that are parties to the Federal and State Income Tax Allocation Agreement.  The Settlement Agreement did not alter the allocation and payment for state income taxes, which will continue to be settled prior to the Effective Date. 
    
  EFH Corp., Oncor Holdings, Oncor and Oncor's third-party minority investors are parties to a separate Federal and State Income Tax Allocation Agreement, which governs the computation of federal income tax liability among such parties, and similarly provides, among other things, that each of Oncor Holdings and Oncor will pay EFH Corp. its share of an amount calculated to approximate the amount of tax liability such entity would have owed if it filed a separate corporate tax return.  This agreement is expected to be rejected by the EFH Debtors upon the effective date of the Plan of Reorganization with respect to the EFH Debtors.  The Settlement Agreement had no impact on the tax sharing agreement among EFH Corp., Oncor Holdings and Oncor. 
    
  The TCEH Debtors and the Contributed EFH Debtors emerged from the Chapter 11 Cases on the Effective Date in a tax-free spin-off from EFH Corp.  The tax-free spin-off generated a taxable gain that will be largely offset with available net operating losses (NOLs), substantially reducing the NOLs that will be available to EFH Corp. after the transaction.  The EFH Corp. consolidated group's NOLs as of December 31, 2016 (including current year losses and prior year carryforwards) prior to taking into account the emergence transaction impacts are estimated to be approximately $7.4 billion, and we expect that approximately $5.5 billion to $6.0 billion of those losses will be used to offset taxable gain from the emergence transaction. 
    
  With respect to the EFH Debtors, the Plan of Reorganization, subject to certain conditions and certain regulatory approvals, provides for, among other things, the acquisition by affiliates of NextEra Energy Inc. (NEE) of the EFH Debtors (as reorganized). 
    
  Income Tax Payments       In the next twelve months, income tax payments related to Texas margin tax are expected to total approximately $21 million, and no payments or refunds of federal income taxes are expected.  Income tax payments totaled $43 million and $51 million (all of which related to Texas Margin tax) for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016 and 2015  , respectively. 

58 

     Table of Contents  

Financial Covenants     The Bankruptcy Filing constituted an event of default and automatic acceleration under the agreements governing the pre-petition debt of EFH Corp. and its subsidiaries, including EFIH, EFCH and TCEH but excluding the Oncor Ring-Fenced Entities.  The creditors are, however, stayed from taking any action against the Debtors as a result of such defaults and accelerations under the Bankruptcy Code. 
    
  The EFIH DIP Facility includes a minimum liquidity covenant pursuant to which EFIH cannot allow unrestricted cash (as defined in the EFIH DIP Facility) to be less than $150 million.  EFIH is in compliance with this covenant. 
    
  See Note   10   to the Financial Statements for discussion of other covenants related to the EFIH DIP Facility. 
    
  Material Cross Default/Acceleration Provisions     Certain of our financing arrangements contain provisions that result in an event of default if there were a failure under other financing arrangements to meet payment terms or to observe other covenants that could or does result in an acceleration of payments due.  Such provisions are referred to as "cross default" or "cross acceleration" provisions.  The Bankruptcy Filing triggered defaults on our pre-petition debt obligations, but pursuant to the Bankruptcy Code, the creditors are stayed from taking any actions against the EFH Debtors as a result of such defaults. 
    
  Guarantees     See Note   12   to the Financial Statements for discussion of guarantees. 

OFF BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS 
    
  See Notes   4   and   12   to the Financial Statements regarding VIEs and guarantees, respectively. 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 
    
  See Note   12   to the Financial Statements for discussion of commitments and contingencies. 

CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING STANDARDS 
    
  There have been no recently issued accounting standards effective after   September 30, 2016   that are expected to materially impact our financial statements. 

59 

     Table of Contents  

Item 3. 
    QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
       
  Market risk is the risk that in the ordinary course of business we may experience a loss in value as a result of changes in market conditions that affect economic factors such as interest rates.  The principal amounts outstanding under the EFIH DIP Facility bear interest based on applicable LIBOR rates, subject to a 1% floor, plus 3.25%.  We expect LIBOR rates to remain below the 1% interest rate floor specified in the EFIH DIP Facility during the remainder of the Chapter 11 Cases. 
    
  Credit Risk 
  Oncor's Credit Risk     Credit risk relates to the risk of loss associated with nonperformance by counterparties.  Oncor's customers consist primarily of REPs.  As a prerequisite for obtaining and maintaining certification, a REP must meet the financial resource standards established by the PUCT.  Meeting these standards does not guarantee that a REP will be able to perform its obligations.  REP certificates granted by the PUCT are subject to suspension and revocation for significant violation of Texas Public Utility Regulatory Act and PUCT rules.  Significant violations include failure to timely remit payments for invoiced charges to a transmission and distribution utility pursuant to the terms of tariffs approved by the PUCT.  PUCT rules allow for the recovery of uncollectible amounts from nonaffiliated REPs, reducing the credit risk of such receivables. 
    
  At   September 30, 2016  , Oncor's exposure to credit risk associated with accounts receivable from nonaffiliate customers totaled $454 million.  The nonaffiliated customer receivable amount is before the allowance for uncollectible accounts, which totaled $4 million, and includes trade accounts receivable from REPs totaling $349 million, which are almost entirely noninvestment grade.  At   September 30, 2016  , REP subsidiaries of one nonaffiliated entity collectively represented approximately 17% of the nonaffiliated trade receivable amount.  No other nonaffiliated parties represented 10% or more of the total exposure.  Oncor views its exposure to this customer to be within an acceptable level of risk tolerance considering PUCT rules and regulations; however, this concentration increases the risk that a default would have a material effect on cash flows. 
    
  See Note   16   to the Financial Statements for discussion of transactions between Oncor and TCEH and EFH Corp. 

60 

     Table of Contents  

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
    
  This report and other presentations made by us contain "forward-looking statements."  All statements, other than statements of historical facts, that are included in this report, or made in presentations, in response to questions or otherwise, that address activities, events or developments that may occur in the future, including such matters as activities related to our bankruptcy, financial or operational projections, capital allocation, future capital expenditures, business strategy, competitive strengths, goals and market and industry developments (often, but not always, through the use of words or phrases such as "intends," "plans," "will likely," "unlikely," "expected," "anticipated," "estimated," "should," "projection," "target," "goal," "objective" and "outlook"), are forward-looking statements.  Although we believe that in making any such forward-looking statement our expectations are based on reasonable assumptions, any such forward-looking statement involves uncertainties and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the discussion of risk factors under Item 1A,   Risk Factors   in our 2015 Form 10-K and our Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2016 and the discussion under Item 2,   Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   in this report and the following important factors, among others, that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements: 

the fact that the TCEH Debtors and the Contributed EFH Debtors emerged from the Chapter 11 Cases prior to the EFH Debtors emerging from the Chapter 11 Cases, and, as a result, the companies will no longer be affiliated entities;  
                
    our ability to obtain the requisite vote from the applicable stakeholders confirming acceptance of the Plan of Reorganization and the Bankruptcy Court confirming the Plan of Reorganization with respect to the EFH Debtors; 
                
    our ability to obtain Bankruptcy Court approval with respect to our motions in the Chapter 11 Cases, including such approvals not being overturned on appeal or being stayed for any extended period of time; 
                
    our ability to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement (as described in Note   2   to the Financial Statements), including obtaining the applicable regulatory approvals contemplated thereunder; 
                
    the filing of an alternative plan of reorganization by one or more creditors of the EFH Debtors; 
                
    the breach by one or more of the counterparties under the EFH Debtors' Plan Support Agreement; 
                
    the effectiveness of the overall restructuring activities pursuant to the Chapter 11 Cases, including the Plan of Reorganization, and any additional strategies we employ to address our liquidity and capital resources; 
                
    difficulties we may face since we have no employees; 
                
    our reliance on Reorganized TCEH to provide transition services to EFH Corp. and EFIH; 
                
    our ability to remain in compliance with the requirements of the EFIH DIP Facility, particularly the liquidity covenant contained in the EFIH DIP Facility; 
                
    our ability to maintain or obtain sufficient financing sources for our operations during the remainder of the Chapter 11 Cases and our ability to obtain sufficient exit financing to fund any Chapter 11 plan of reorganization; 
                
    the actions and decisions of creditors, regulators and other third parties that have an interest in the Chapter 11 Cases or reorganization that may be inconsistent with, or interfere with, our business and/or plans; 
                
    the duration and related costs of the Chapter 11 Cases; 
                
    restrictions on our operations due to the terms of our debt agreements, including the EFIH DIP Facility, and restrictions imposed by the Bankruptcy Court; 
                
    our ability to obtain any required regulatory consent necessary to implement any Chapter 11 plan of reorganization; 
                
    the outcome of current or potential litigation regarding whether holders are entitled to make-whole or redemption premiums and/or post-petition interest in connection with the treatment of their claims in bankruptcy; 
                
    prevailing governmental policies and regulatory actions, including those of the Texas Legislature, the Governor of Texas, the US Congress, the FERC and the PUCT; 
                
    legal and administrative proceedings and settlements, including the legal proceedings arising out of the Chapter 11 Cases; 
                
    general industry trends; 
                
    economic conditions, including the impact of an economic downturn; 
                
    weather conditions, including drought and limitations on access to water, and other natural phenomena, and acts of sabotage, wars or terrorist or cyber security threats or activities; 
                
    changes in interest rates, rates of inflation or foreign exchange rates; 
                
    changes in operating expenses and liquidity needs; 
                
    commercial bank market and capital market conditions and the potential impact of disruptions in US and international credit markets; 
                
    access to capital, the cost of such capital, and the results of financing and refinancing efforts, including availability of funds in capital markets; 
                
    our ability to generate sufficient cash flow to make interest payments, or refinance, our debt instruments, including the EFIH DIP Facility, and 
                
    actions by credit rating agencies. 

61 

     Table of Contents  

Any forward-looking statement speaks only at the date on which it is made, and except as may be required by law, we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which it is made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events or circumstances.  New factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all of them; nor can we assess the impact of each such factor or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement.  As such, you should not unduly rely on such forward-looking statements. 
    
  INDUSTRY AND MARKET INFORMATION 
    
  The industry and market data and other statistical information used throughout this report are based on independent industry publications, government publications, reports by market research firms or other published independent sources, including certain data published by ERCOT, the PUCT and NYMEX.  We did not commission any of these publications or reports.  Some data is also based on good faith estimates, which are derived from our review of internal surveys, as well as the independent sources listed above.  Independent industry publications and surveys generally state that they have obtained information from sources believed to be reliable, but do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of such information.  While we believe that each of these studies and publications is reliable, we have not independently verified such data and make no representation as to the accuracy of such information.  Forecasts are particularly likely to be inaccurate, especially over long periods of time, and we do not know what assumptions regarding general economic growth are used in preparing the forecasts included in this report.  Similarly, while we believe that such internal and external research is reliable, it has not been verified by any independent sources, and we make no assurances that the predictions contained therein are accurate. 

Item 4. 
    CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
       
  As of the Effective Date, Reorganized TCEH began providing accounting and financial reporting services to EFH Corp. in conjunction with the Transition Services Agreement.  An evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including the principal executive officer and principal financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the disclosure controls and procedures in effect at the end of the current period included in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q.  Based on the evaluation performed, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures were effective.  During the most recent fiscal quarter covered by this quarterly report, there has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

62 

     Table of Contents  

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
    LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
       
  Reference is made to the discussion in Note   12   to the Financial Statements regarding legal proceedings. 

Item 1A. 
    RISK FACTORS 
       
  There have been no material changes from the risk factors discussed in Part I, Item 1A.   Risk Factors   in our 2015 Form 10-K and Part II, Item 1A.   Risk Factors   in our Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2016, except for the information disclosed elsewhere in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q that provides factual updates to risk factors contained in our 2015 Form 10-K and our Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2016.  The risks described in such reports are not the only risks facing our company. 

Item 4. 
    MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
       
  Reorganized TCEH currently owns and operates 12 surface lignite coal mines in Texas to provide fuel for its electricity generation facilities.  These mining operations are regulated by the US Mine Safety and Health Administration (MSHA) under the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977, as amended (the Mine Act), as well as other federal and state regulatory agencies such as the RCT and Office of Surface Mining.  The MSHA inspects US mines, including Reorganized TCEH's mines, on a regular basis, and if it believes a violation of the Mine Act or any health or safety standard or other regulation has occurred, it may issue a citation or order, generally accompanied by a proposed fine or assessment.  Such citations and orders can be contested and appealed, which often results in a reduction of the severity and amount of fines and assessments and sometimes results in dismissal.  Disclosure of MSHA citations, orders and proposed assessments are provided in Exhibit 95(a) to this quarterly report on Form 10-Q. 

63 

     Table of Contents  

Item 6. 
    EXHIBITS 
       
           (a) 
    Exhibits filed or furnished as part of Part II are: 

64 

     Table of Contents  

____________________ 
           * 
    Incorporated herein by reference 
     
   65 

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURE 
    
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

Energy Future Holdings Corp. 

By: 
      
    /s/ PAUL M. KEGLEVIC 

Name: 
      
    Paul M. Keglevic 

Title: 
      
    President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Restructuring Officer and Chief Accounting Officer 

(Principal Accounting Officer) 

Date:    November 1, 2016 

66 

<EX-2.B>
 2
 efh-2016930xexhibit2b.htm
 FOURTH AMENDED JOINT PLAN OF REORGANIZATION OF EFH CORP., ET AL.

Exhibit 

Exhibit 2(b) 

IN THE UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT  FOR THE DISTRICT OF DELAWARE     

FOURTH AMENDED JOINT PLAN OF REORGANIZATION  
  OF ENERGY FUTURE HOLDINGS CORP.,   ET AL  .,  
  PURSUANT TO CHAPTER 11 OF THE BANKRUPTCY CODE 

Counsel to the Debtors and Debtors in Possession 
    
           1  
    The last four digits of Energy Future Holdings Corp. s tax identification number are 8810.  The location of the debtors  service address is 1601 Bryan Street, Dallas, Texas 75201.  Due to the large number of debtors in these chapter 11 cases, which are being jointly administered, a complete list of the debtors and the last four digits of their federal tax identification numbers is not provided herein.  A complete list of such information may be obtained on the website of the debtors  claims and noticing agent at http://www.efhcaseinfo.com. 

Exhibit 2(b) 

Dated: September 21, 2016 

Exhibit 2(b) 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
           INTERPRETATION, COMPUTATION OF TIME, AND GOVERNING LAW 
    4 
      A.     Defined Terms.    4 
   B.     Rules of Interpretation.    43 
   C.     Computation of Time.    45 
   D.     Governing Law.    45 
   E.     Reference to Monetary Figures.    45 
   ARTICLE II. ADMINISTRATIVE CLAIMS, DIP CLAIMS, AND PRIORITY TAX CLAIMS   45 
   A.     Administrative Claims.    45 
   B.     DIP Claims.    47 
   C.     Priority Tax Claims.    48 
   ARTICLE III. CLASSIFICATION AND TREATMENT OF CLAIMS AND INTERESTS   48 
   A.     Classification of Claims and Interests.    48 
   B.     Treatment of Claims and Interests.    51 
   C.     Special Provision Governing Unimpaired Claims.    69 
   D.     Elimination of Vacant Classes.    69 
   E.     Confirmation Pursuant to Sections 1129(a)(10) and 1129(b) of the Bankruptcy Code.    70 
   F.     Controversy Concerning Impairment.    70 
   G.     Subordinated Claims and Interests.    70 
   ARTICLE IV. MEANS FOR IMPLEMENTATION OF THE PLAN   70 
   A.     General Settlement of Claims and Interests.    70 
   B.     Restructuring Transactions.    70 
   C.     Sources of Consideration for Plan Distributions.    76 
   D.     Intercompany Account Settlement.    78 
   E.     Competitive Tax Sharing Agreement.    78 
   F.     Oncor     Tax     Sharing Agreement.      78 
   G.     Corporate Existence.    78 
   H.     Vesting of Assets in the Reorganized Debtors.    79 
   I.     Cancelation of Existing Securities and Agreements.    79 
   J.     Corporate Action.    80 
   K.     New Organizational Documents.    80 
   L.     Directors and Officers of the Reorganized Debtors.    81 
   M.     Section 1146 Exemption.    81 
   N.     Director, Officer, Manager, and Employee Liability Insurance.    81 
   O.     Reorganized TCEH Debtor Management Incentive Plan.    82 
   P.     Employee Obligations.    82 
   Q.     Preservation of Causes of Action.    82 
   R.     Payment of Certain Fees.    83 
   S.     Treatment of Certain Claims of the PBGC and Pension Plan.    84 
   T.     Spin-Off Tax Receivable Agreement.    84 
   U.     Taxable Separation Tax Receivable Agreement.    84 
   ARTICLE V. TREATMENT OF EXECUTORY CONTRACTS AND UNEXPIRED LEASES   84 
   A.     Assumption and Rejection of Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases.    84 
   B.     Claims Based on Rejection of Executory Contracts or Unexpired Leases.    86 
   C.     Cure of Defaults for Assumed Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases.    86 
   D.     Preexisting Obligations to the Debtors under Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases.    87 
   E.     Indemnification Obligations.    87 
   F.     Insurance Policies.    87 

Exhibit 2(b) 

G.     Modifications, Amendments, Supplements, Restatements, or Other Agreements.    88 
   H.     Reservation of Rights.    88 
   I.     Nonoccurrence of Effective Date.    88 
   J.     Contracts and Leases Entered Into After the Petition Date.    88 
   ARTICLE VI. PROVISIONS GOVERNING DISTRIBUTIONS   88 
   A.     Timing and Calculation of Amounts to Be Distributed.    88 
   B.     Rights and Powers of EFH Plan Administrator Board.    90 
   C.     Disbursing Agent.    91 
   D.     Rights and Powers of Disbursing Agent.    91 
   E.     Delivery of Distributions and Undeliverable or Unclaimed Distributions.    91 
   F.     Manner of Payment.    93 
   G.     SEC Registration/Exemption.    93 
   H.     Compliance with Tax Requirements.    94 
   I.     No Postpetition or Default Interest on Claims.    94 
   J.     Setoffs and Recoupment.    95 
   K.     No Double Payment of Claims.    95 
   L.     Claims Paid or Payable by Third Parties.    95 
   ARTICLE VII. PROCEDURES FOR RESOLVING CONTINGENT,  UNLIQUIDATED, AND DISPUTED CLAIMS   96 
   A.     Allowance of Claims.    96 
   B.     Claims Administration Responsibilities.    96 
   C.     Estimation of Claims.    96 
   D.     Adjustment to Claims without Objection.    97 
   E.     Time to File Objections to Claims or Interests.    97 
   F.     Disallowance of Claims.    97 
   G.     Amendments to Proofs of Claim.    97 
   H.     Reimbursement or Contribution.    97 
   I.     No Distributions Pending Allowance.    98 
   J.     Distributions After Allowance.    98 
   ARTICLE VIII. SETTLEMENT, RELEASE, INJUNCTION, AND RELATED PROVISIONS   98 
   A.     Discharge of Claims and Termination of Interests.    98 
   B.     Release of Liens.      98 
   C.     Releases by the Debtors.      99 
   D.     Releases by Holders of Claims and Interests.      100 
   E.     Exculpation.      101 
   F.     Injunction.      102 
   G.     Liabilities to, and Rights of, Governmental Units.    103 
   H.     Environmental Law Matters.    103 
   I.     Protections Against Discriminatory Treatment.    103 
   J.     Recoupment.    104 
   K.     Document Retention.    104 
   ARTICLE IX. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO CONFIRMATION AND CONSUMMATION OF THE PLAN   104 
   A.     Conditions Precedent to Confirmation of a Plan as to the TCEH Debtors and EFH Shared Services Debtors.    104 
   B.     Conditions Precedent to Confirmation of a Plan as to the EFH Debtors and EFIH Debtors.    105 
   C.     Conditions Precedent to the TCEH Effective Date.    106 
   D.     Conditions Precedent to the EFH Effective Date.    108 
   E.     Waiver of Conditions.    109 
   F.     Effect of Failure of Conditions.    110 
   G.     Certain IRS Matters.    110 

Exhibit 2(b) 

ODIFICATION, REVOCATION, OR WITHDRAWAL OF THE PLAN 
    110 
      A.     Modification and Amendments.    110 
   B.     Effect of Confirmation on Modifications.    111 
   C.     Revocation or Withdrawal of Plan.    111 
   ARTICLE XI. RETENTION OF JURISDICTION   112 
   ARTICLE XII. MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS   113 
   A.     Immediate Binding Effect.    113 
   B.     Additional Documents.    114 
   C.     Payment of Statutory Fees.    114 
   D.     Statutory Committee and Cessation of Fee and Expense Payment.    114 
   E.     Reservation of Rights.    115 
   F.     Successors and Assigns.    115 
   G.     Consent Rights in Taxable Separation.    115 
   H.     Notices.    115 
   I.     Term of Injunctions or Stays.    117 
   J.     Entire Agreement.    118 
   K.     Exhibits.    118 
   L.     Nonseverability of Plan Provisions.    118 
   M.     Votes Solicited in Good Faith.    118 
   N.     Waiver or Estoppel.    118 
   O.     Conflicts.    119 

Exhibit 2(b) 

INTRODUCTION 
  The Debtors (as defined herein) propose this fourth amended joint plan of reorganization (the    Plan   ) for the resolution of the outstanding claims against, and interests in, the Debtors pursuant to the Bankruptcy Code.  Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings ascribed to them in Article I.A of the Plan.  Holders of Claims and Interests should refer to the Disclosure Statement for a discussion of the Debtors  history, businesses, assets, results of operations, historical financial information, events during the Chapter 11 Cases, and projections of future operations, as well as a summary and description of the Plan and certain related matters.  The Disclosure Statement also contains a summary and description prepared by the EFH/EFIH Plan Supporters of the Plan and certain related matters.  The Debtors are the proponents of the Plan within the meaning of section 1129 of the Bankruptcy Code.  The Chapter 11 Cases have been consolidated for procedural purposes only and are being jointly administered pursuant to an order of the Bankruptcy Court.  Accordingly, the Plan constitutes a separate plan of reorganization for each of the Debtors.  For the avoidance of doubt and notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Plan may be confirmed and consummated as to each of the TCEH Debtors and EFH Shared Services Debtors separate from, and independent of, confirmation and/or consummation of the Plan as to any of the EFH Debtors or EFIH Debtors. 
  ALL HOLDERS OF CLAIMS AND INTERESTS ENTITLED TO VOTE TO ACCEPT OR REJECT THE PLAN ARE ENCOURAGED TO READ THE PLAN AND THE DISCLOSURE STATEMENT IN THEIR ENTIRETY BEFORE VOTING TO ACCEPT OR REJECT THE PLAN. 

Exhibit 2(b) 

Article I.      DEFINED TERMS, RULES OF INTERPRETATION,  COMPUTATION OF TIME, AND GOVERNING LAW 
   
           A. 
    Defined Terms. 
     As used in the Plan, capitalized terms have the meanings set forth below. 
  1.     2005 Oncor Transfer    means those certain 2005 transactions pursuant to which the equity of Oncor s predecessor, TXU Electric Delivery Company LLC, was dividended from EFCH s predecessor, TXU US Holdings Company, to EFH Corp. s predecessor, TXU Corp. 
  2.     2007 Acquisition    means the transactions that occurred in October 2007 in which TEF and Texas Holdings and their direct and indirect equity holders became the direct and indirect equity holders of each of the Debtors. 
  3.     2011 Amend and Extend Transactions    means those certain transactions effectuated by TCEH and EFCH in April 2011, including the TCEH Credit Amendment and the issuance of the TCEH First Lien Notes. 
  4.     2013 Revolver Extension    means those certain transactions effectuated by TCEH and EFCH in January 2013, including the maturity extension of revolving credit commitments due 2013, the Incremental Amendment Agreement, and the incurrence of the TCEH 2012 Incremental Term Loans. 
  5.     2015 Compensation Order    means the order entered by the Bankruptcy Court on December 17, 2014 [D.I. 3052], authorizing the Debtors to implement the Debtors  2015 compensation programs. 
  6.       2016 Compensation Order    means the order entered by the Bankruptcy Court on February 18, 2016 [D.I. 7883] authorizing the Debtors to implement the Debtors  2016 compensation programs. 
  7.       503(b)(9) Claim    means a Claim or any portion thereof entitled to administrative expense priority pursuant to section 503(b)(9) of the Bankruptcy Code. 
  8.       Additional Interest    means   additional interest payable on the EFIH First Lien Notes, the EFIH Second Lien Notes, or the EFIH Unsecured Notes, as applicable, under the registration rights agreements associated with such notes so long as EFIH has not registered such notes in accordance with the Securities Act, on the terms set forth in such registration rights agreements. 
  9.       Adjusted Company Cash Amount    means the  Adjusted Company Cash Amount  as defined in the Merger Agreement. 
  10.           Administrative Claim    means a Claim for costs and expenses of administration of the Estates under sections 503(b) (including 503(b)(9) Claims), 507(b), or 1114(e)(2) of the Bankruptcy Code, other than DIP Claims, including:  (a) the actual and necessary costs and expenses incurred after the Petition Date through the Effective Date of preserving the applicable Estates and operating the businesses of the Debtors; (b) Allowed Professional Fee Claims; (c) all fees and charges assessed against the Estates under chapter 123 of title 28 of the United States Code, 28 U.S.C.    1911 1930; and (d) all Intercompany Claims authorized pursuant to the Cash Management Order.  
  11.           Administrative Claims Bar Date    means the deadline for Filing requests for payment of Administrative Claims, which: (a) with respect to General Administrative Claims, shall be 30 days after the Effective Date; and (b) with respect to Professional Fee Claims, shall be 45 days after the Effective Date. 
  12.           Affiliate    has the meaning set forth in section 101(2) of the Bankruptcy Code. 

Exhibit 2(b) 

13.           Allowed    means with respect to any Claim or Interest, except as otherwise provided herein:  (a) a Claim or Interest as to which no objection has been Filed prior to the Claims Objection Deadline and that is evidenced by a Proof of Claim or Interest, as applicable, timely Filed by the applicable Bar Date or that is not required to be evidenced by a Filed Proof of Claim or Interest, as applicable, under the Plan, the Bankruptcy Code, or a Final Order; (b) a Claim or Interest that is scheduled by the Debtors as neither disputed, contingent, nor unliquidated, and as for which no Proof of Claim or Interest, as applicable, has been timely Filed in an unliquidated or a different amount; or (c) a Claim or Interest that is upheld or otherwise allowed (i) pursuant to the Plan, (ii) in any stipulation that is approved by the Bankruptcy Court, (iii) pursuant to any contract, instrument, indenture, or other agreement entered into or assumed in connection herewith, or (iv) by Final Order (including any such Claim to which the Debtors had objected or which the Bankruptcy Court had disallowed prior to such Final Order);   provided  ,   however  , that unless otherwise expressly specified in the Plan, the consummation of the Plan and the occurrence of the Effective Date is not intended to impair the right of any Holder or any of the Indenture Trustees to prosecute an appeal from, or otherwise petition for review of, any order or judgment of the Bankruptcy Court (or any other court of competent jurisdiction) disallowing any Claim;   provided  ,   further  , for the avoidance of doubt, all parties reserve all rights in connection with any such appeal or petition, including (a) the right of any of the Reorganized Debtors to move for the dismissal of any such appeal or petition on grounds of equitable mootness or any other prudential basis and (b) the right of any Holder or any of the Indenture Trustees to oppose any such motion on any grounds, including on grounds that the relief sought in the appeal or petition is contemplated by or provided for under the Plan.  Except as otherwise specified in the Plan or any Final Order, the amount of an Allowed Claim shall not include interest or other charges on such Claim from and after the Petition Date.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no Claim of any Entity subject to section 502(d) of the Bankruptcy Code shall be deemed Allowed unless and until such Entity pays in full the amount that it owes such Debtor or Reorganized Debtor, as applicable. 
  14.           Amended and Restated Split Participant Agreement    means that certain Amended and Restated Split Participant Agreement, by and among Oncor Electric, Reorganized TCEH, and OpCo, to be entered into on or before the TCEH Effective Date, which shall govern the rights and obligations of each party thereto with respect to certain employment matters, which shall be in form and substance acceptable to the Debtors, the TCEH Supporting First Lien Creditors, and the Plan Sponsor, and which shall be included in the Plan Supplement. 
  15.           Approval Order    means the order (which may be the TCEH Confirmation Order), which shall (a) be in form and substance acceptable to the Debtors and the TCEH Supporting First Lien Creditors, and the Plan Sponsor, (b) authorize and direct EFH Corp., EFIH, and Reorganized TCEH (and, in the case of the Tax Matters Agreement, EFIH Finance) to enter into (i) the Tax Matters Agreement, (ii) the Transition Services Agreement, if any, (iii) the Amended and Restated Split Participant Agreement, and (iv) the Separation Agreement; and (c) contain terms and conditions consistent with each of the agreements in the foregoing clause (b). 
  16.           Assumed Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease    means any EFH/EFIH Assumed Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease or any TCEH Assumed Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease. 
  17.           Assumed Executory Contract and Unexpired Lease List    means, as applicable, the EFH/EFIH Assumed Executory Contract and Unexpired Lease List or the TCEH Assumed Executory Contract and Unexpired Lease List. 
  18.           AST T    means American Stock Transfer   Trust Company, LLC. 
  19.           Auditor    means the  Auditor  as defined in, and designated to conduct the Post-Closing Audit in accordance with, the Merger Agreement. 
  20.           Bankruptcy Code    means title 11 of the United States Code, 11 U.S.C.    101 1532, as amended from time to time. 
  21.           Bankruptcy Court    means the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware having jurisdiction over the Chapter 11 Cases or any other court having jurisdiction over the Chapter 11 Cases, including, to  

Exhibit 2(b) 

the extent of the withdrawal of any reference under 28 U.S.C.   157, the United States District Court for the District of Delaware. 
  22.           Bankruptcy Rules    means the Federal Rules of Bankruptcy Procedure promulgated under section 2075 of the Judicial Code and the general, local, and chambers rules of the Bankruptcy Court. 
  23.           Bar Date    means the applicable date established by the Bankruptcy Court by which respective Proofs of Claims and Interests must be Filed. 
  24.           Basis Step-Up    means the net increase in the aggregate U.S. federal income tax basis of the assets transferred or deemed transferred to the Preferred Stock Entity pursuant to the Spin-Off Preferred Stock Sale equal to the aggregate utilized amount of the net losses, net operating losses, and net capital losses (but only to the extent such net capital losses are deductible under applicable tax law against gain recognized on the Spin-Off Preferred Stock Sale) (in each case, including carryovers) available to the EFH Group as of the TCEH Effective Date (determined (a) as if the  consolidated year  (within the meaning of Section 1503(e)(2)(B) of the Internal Revenue Code) of the EFH Group ended on the TCEH Effective Date, and (b) without regard to any income, gain, loss or deduction generated as a result of the Spin-Off Preferred Stock Sale or transactions occurring outside the ordinary course of business on the TCEH Effective Date after the Spin-Off Preferred Stock Sale (other than any Deferred Intercompany and ELA Items (if any) and other transactions expressly contemplated by the Plan, any plan support agreement, or any definitive documentation related thereto)), such amount to be determined in accordance with the relevant procedures under the Plan Support Agreement, as modified consistent with the Tax Matters Agreement;   provided, however  , that any such Basis Step-Up shall not exceed the built-in gain in the assets subject to the Spin-Off Preferred Stock Sale. 
  25.           BNY    means, collectively:  (a) BNYM; and (b) BNYMTC.     
  26.           BNYM    means The Bank of New York Mellon. 
  27.           BNYMTC    means The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. 
  28.           Business Day    means any day, other than a Saturday, Sunday, or  legal holiday  (as defined in Bankruptcy Rule 9006(a)). 
  29.           Cash    means cash and cash equivalents, including bank deposits, checks, and other similar items in legal tender of the U.S., less the amount of any outstanding checks or transfers at such time.  
  30.           Cash Collateral Order    means the   Final Order (A) Authorizing Use of Cash Collateral for Texas Competitive Electric Holdings Company LLC and Certain of its Debtor Affiliates, (B) Granting Adequate Protection, and (C) Modifying the Automatic Stay   [D.I. 855], as further amended, modified, and supplemented from time to time, including D.I. 5922 and D.I. 5923.   
  31.           Cash Management Order    means the   Final Order (A) Authorizing the Debtors to (I) Continue Using Their Existing Cash Management System, (II) Maintain Existing Bank Accounts and Business Forms, and (III) Continue Using Certain Investment Accounts; (B) Authorizing Continued Intercompany Transactions and Netting of Intercompany Claims; and (C) Granting Postpetition Intercompany Claims Administrative Expense Priority   [D.I. 801]. 
  32.           Causes of Action    means any claims, interests, damages, remedies, causes of action, demands, rights, actions, suits, obligations, liabilities, accounts, defenses, offsets, powers, privileges, licenses, liens, indemnities, guaranties, and franchises of any kind or character whatsoever, whether known or unknown, foreseen or unforeseen, existing or hereinafter arising, contingent or non-contingent, liquidated or unliquidated, secured or unsecured, assertable, directly or derivatively, matured or unmatured, suspected or unsuspected, in contract, tort, law, equity, or otherwise.  Causes of Action also include:  (a) all rights of setoff, counterclaim, or recoupment and claims under contracts or for breaches of duties imposed by law; (b) the right to object to or otherwise contest Claims or Interests; (c) claims pursuant to sections 362, 510, 542, 543, 544 through 550, or 553 of the Bankruptcy Code; and (d) such  

Exhibit 2(b) 

claims and defenses as fraud, mistake, duress, and usury, and any other defenses set forth in section 558 of the Bankruptcy Code. 
  33.           Chapter 11 Cases    means, collectively:  (a) when used with reference to a particular Debtor, the case pending for that Debtor under chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code in the Bankruptcy Court; and (b) when used with reference to all the Debtors, the procedurally consolidated and jointly administered chapter 11 cases pending for the Debtors in the Bankruptcy Court. 
  34.           Charging Lien Advance    means the amount advanced and paid to the EFIH Unsecured Notes Trustee pursuant to that certain   Order Approving Additional Relief in Connection with Settlement of Certain EFIH PIK Noteholder Claims   [D.I. 7353] and any future amounts advanced and paid to the EFIH Unsecured Notes Trustee pursuant to the charging lien under the EFIH Unsecured Note Indentures. 
  35.           Claim    means any claim, as defined in section 101(5) of the Bankruptcy Code, against any of the Debtors. 
  36.           Claims and Noticing Agent    means Epiq Bankruptcy Solutions, LLC, retained as the Debtors  notice and claims agent pursuant to the   Order Approving the Retention and Appointment of Epiq Bankruptcy Solutions as the Claims and Noticing Agent for the Debtors   [D.I. 321]. 
  37.           Claims Objection Deadline    means the later of:  (a) the date that is 180 days after the Effective Date; and (b) such other date as may be fixed by the Bankruptcy Court, after notice and hearing, upon a motion Filed before the expiration of the deadline to object to Claims or Interests. 
  38.           Claims Register    means the official register of Claims maintained by the Claims and Noticing Agent. 
  39.           Class    means a category of Claims or Interests as set forth in Article III of the Plan. 
  40.           CM/ECF    means the Bankruptcy Court s Case Management and Electronic Case Filing system. 
  41.           Collective Professional Fee Claims    means Professional Fee Claims incurred by a Professional for the collective benefit of two or more of TCEH, EFH Corp., and EFIH.     
  42.           Committees    means, collectively:  (a) the TCEH Committee; and (b) the EFH/EFIH Committee. 
  43.           Company Disclosure Letter    means  Company Disclosure Letter  as such term is defined in the Merger Agreement. 
  44.           Competitive Tax Sharing Agreement    means that certain Federal and State Income Tax Allocation Agreement Among the Members of the Energy Future Holdings Corp. Consolidated Group (as amended and restated from time to time), dated May 15, 2012, by and among EFH Corp. and certain of its direct and indirect subsidiaries  . 
  45.           Computershare Trust    means, collectively:  (a) Computershare Trust Company, N.A.; and (b) Computershare Trust Company of Canada. 
  46.           Confirmation    means the entry of the EFH Confirmation Order and/or the TCEH Confirmation Order, as applicable, on the docket of the Chapter 11 Cases. 
  47.           Confirmation Date    means EFH Confirmation Date and/or the TCEH Confirmation Date, as applicable. 
  48.           Confirmation Hearing    means the one or more hearings held by the Bankruptcy Court to consider Confirmation of the Plan as to one or more Debtors pursuant to section 1129 of the Bankruptcy Code. 

Exhibit 2(b) 

49.           Confirmation Order    means the EFH Confirmation Order and/or the TCEH Confirmation Order, as applicable.  The Confirmation Order may be comprised of one or more orders entered by the Bankruptcy Court. 
  50.           Conflict Matters    means for each of EFH Corp., EFIH, and EFCH/TCEH, as defined in the respective resolutions of the applicable Board of Directors or Board of Managers dated November 7, 2014 and December 9, 2014 including the determination of whether any matter constitutes a  Conflict Matter.  
  51.           Consummation    means the occurrence of the EFH Effective Date and/or the TCEH Effective Date, as applicable. 
  52.           Contributed TCEH Debtors    means those one or more TCEH Debtors mutually agreed on by EFH Corp. and the TCEH Supporting First Lien Creditors whose equity will be contributed by Reorganized TCEH to the Preferred Stock Entity in the Spin-Off Preferred Stock Sale, if any. 
  53.           Contribution    means, as part of the Spin-Off, immediately following the cancelation of Claims against the TCEH Debtors, the transfer to Reorganized TCEH by TCEH and the EFH Debtors of their applicable portion of the TCEH Assets, in exchange for the consideration described in Article IV.B.2 of the Plan. 
  54.           Cure Claim    means a Claim based upon the Debtors  defaults on an Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease at the time such Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease is assumed by the Debtors pursuant to section 365 of the Bankruptcy Code. 
  55.           Dealer Managers    means the dealer managers under that certain dealer manager agreement approved under the EFIH First Lien Approval Order. 
  56.           Debtor    means one of the Debtors, in its individual capacity as a debtor and debtor in possession in its respective Chapter 11 Case.  As used herein, the term  Debtor  shall refer to the TCEH Debtors when referencing the plan of reorganization of the TCEH Debtors, shall refer to the EFH Debtors when referencing the plan of reorganization of the EFH Debtors, shall refer to the EFIH Debtors when referencing the plan of reorganization of the EFIH Debtors, and shall refer to the EFH Shared Services Debtors when referencing the plan of reorganization of the EFH Shared Services Debtors. 
  57.           Debtor Intercompany Claim    means a Claim by any Debtor against any other Debtor. 
  58.           Debtors    means, collectively:  (a) the TCEH Debtors; (b) the EFIH Debtors; (c) the EFH Debtors; and (d) the EFH Shared Services Debtors.  As used herein, the term  Debtors  shall refer to the TCEH Debtors when referencing the plan of reorganization of the TCEH Debtors, shall refer to the EFH Debtors when referencing the plan of reorganization of the EFH Debtors, shall refer to the EFIH Debtors when referencing the plan of reorganization of the EFIH Debtors, and shall refer to the EFH Shared Services Debtors when referencing the plan of reorganization of the EFH Shared Services Debtors. 
  59.           Deferred Intercompany and ELA Items    means intercompany items (as such term is defined in Treasury Regulations Section 1.1502-13(b)(2)) or any excess loss account (as such term is defined in Treasury Regulations Section 1.1502-19(a)), in each case, of any subsidiary of TCEH (other than TCEH Finance) that are accelerated into income as a result of the Distribution pursuant to Treasury Regulations Section 1.1502-13(d) or Section 1.1502-19. 
  60.               DIP Agents    means, collectively:  (a) the TCEH DIP Agent; and (b) the EFIH First Lien DIP Agent. 
  61.           DIP Agreements    means, collectively:  (a) the TCEH DIP Credit Agreement; and (b) the EFIH First Lien DIP Credit Agreement. 
  62.           DIP Claims    means, collectively:  (a) the TCEH DIP Claims; and (b) the EFIH First Lien DIP Claims. 

Exhibit 2(b) 

63.           DIP Facilities    means, collectively:  (a) the TCEH DIP Facility; (b) the EFIH First Lien DIP Facility; and (c) the Refinanced TCEH DIP Facility. 
  64.           DIP Lenders    means the DIP Agents, the TCEH DIP L/C Issuers, the banks, financial institutions, and other lenders party to the DIP Facilities from time to time, and each arranger, bookrunner, syndication agent, manager, and documentation agent under the DIP Facilities;   provided  ,   however  , that as used in definition of  Released Parties  and Releasing Parties,  the definition of DIP Lenders shall include Citibank, N.A., in its capacity as administrative and collateral agent under the Refinanced TCEH DIP Facility, and such letter of credit issuers, banks, financial institutions, and other lenders party to such facility from time to time, and each other arranger, bookrunner, syndication agent, manager, and documentation agent under the Refinanced TCEH DIP Facility. 
  65.           DIP Orders    means, collectively:  (a) the TCEH DIP Order; and (b) the EFIH First Lien Final DIP Order. 
  66.           Direct Professional Fee Claims    means Professional Fee Claims incurred by a Professional for the benefit of only one of the following:  (a) the EFH Debtors; (b) the EFIH Debtors; or (c) the TCEH Debtors.  
  67.           Disallowed Makewhole Claim    means a Makewhole Claim as to which the Bankruptcy Court has entered an order disallowing the Claim, and such order has not been stayed or reversed or remanded on appeal as of the EFH Effective Date. 
  68.           Disbursing Agent    means the Reorganized Debtors or the Entity or Entities authorized to make or facilitate distributions under the Plan as selected by the Debtors or the Reorganized Debtors, as applicable, in consultation with the Plan Sponsor and the TCEH Supporting First Lien Creditors,   provided   that (a) the EFH Notes Trustee shall be the Disbursing Agent for Classes A4, A5, A6, and B5; (b) the EFIH Unsecured Notes Trustee shall be the Disbursing Agent for distributions to Holders of EFIH Unsecured Note Claims; and (c) the EFIH Second Lien Notes Trustee shall be the Disbursing Agent for distributions to Holders of EFIH Second Lien Note Claims. 
  69.           Disclosure Statement    means, as applicable, the TCEH Disclosure Statement and/or the EFH Disclosure Statement. 
  70.           Disclosure Statement Order    means, as applicable, the TCEH Disclosure Statement Order and/or the EFH Disclosure Statement Order. 
  71.           Disinterested Directors and Managers    means the disinterested directors and managers of EFH Corp., EFIH, and EFCH/TCEH. 
  72.           Disinterested Directors Settlement    means the settlement negotiated by and among the Disinterested Directors and Managers regarding Debtor Intercompany Claims set forth in the Initial Plan. 
  73.           Disputed    means with regard to any Claim or Interest, a Claim or Interest that is not yet Allowed. 
  74.           Distribution    means, as part of the Spin-Off, and following the Contribution and the Reorganized TCEH Conversion, distribution of (a) the Reorganized TCEH Common Stock; (b) the net Cash proceeds of the New Reorganized TCEH Debt (or at the TCEH Supporting First Lien Creditors  election, all or a portion of such New Reorganized TCEH Debt) and the Spin-Off Preferred Stock Sale, if any, (c) the Spin-Off TRA Rights (if any); and (d) proceeds from the TCEH Settlement Claim, if determined as of the TCEH Effective Date, and to the extent not determined as of the TCEH Effective Date, the right to receive recoveries under the TCEH Settlement Claim; provided, that following the TCEH Effective Date, Reorganized TCEH will nominally hold the right to receive recoveries under the TCEH Settlement Claim but the Holders of Allowed TCEH First Lien Secured Claims will hold all legal and equitable entitlement to receive recoveries under the TCEH Settlement Claim, in the case of clauses (a), (b), and (c) above, received in the Contribution to Holders of Allowed TCEH First Lien Secured Claims. 
  75.           Distribution Date    means the Effective Date and any Periodic Distribution Date thereafter. 

Exhibit 2(b) 

76.           Distribution Record Date    means other than with respect to any publicly-held securities, the record date for purposes of making distributions under the Plan on account of Allowed Claims and Allowed Interests (other than DIP Claims), which date shall be the date that is five (5) Business Days after the Confirmation Date, as applicable, or such other date as designated in an order of the Bankruptcy Court;   provided  ,   however  , that the Distribution Record Date for all Holders of EFH Unexchanged Note Claims, EFH Legacy Note Claims, and EFH LBO Note Claims shall be [___], 2016;   provided further  ,   however  , that the Distribution Record Date for the Holders of Allowed Class C3 Claims shall be the date that is five (5) Business Days after the TCEH Confirmation Date, or such other date as designated in an order of the Bankruptcy Court, regardless of whether distributions on account of such Claims are made on the TCEH Effective Date or the EFH Effective Date. 
  77.           DTC    means the Depository Trust Company. 
  78.           EFCH    means Energy Future Competitive Holdings Company LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
  79.           EFCH 2037 Note Claim    means any Claim derived from or based upon the EFCH 2037 Notes. 
  80.           EFCH 2037 Note Indenture    means that certain Indenture, as amended or supplemented from time to time, dated December 1, 1995, by and between EFCH, successor to TXU US Holdings Company, as issuer, and the EFCH 2037 Notes Trustee. 
  81.           EFCH 2037 Notes    means, collectively:  (a) the EFCH Fixed 2037 Notes; and (b) the EFCH Floating 2037 Notes. 
  82.            EFCH 2037 Notes Trustee    means BNYMTC, or any successor thereto, as trustee under the EFCH 2037 Note Indenture. 
  83.           EFCH Fixed 2037 Notes    means the 8.175% fixed rate notes due January 30, 2037, issued by EFCH pursuant to the EFCH 2037 Note Indenture. 
  84.           EFCH Floating 2037 Notes    means the 1.245% floating rate notes due January 30, 2037, issued by EFCH pursuant to the EFCH 2037 Note Indenture.  
  85.           Effective Date    means the EFH Effective Date and/or the TCEH Effective Date, as applicable with respect to any particular Debtor. 
  86.           Effective Dates    means, collectively:  (a) the EFH Effective Date; and (b) the TCEH Effective Date.     
  87.           EFH 2019 Note Indenture    means that certain Indenture, as amended or supplemented from time to time, dated November 16, 2009, by and among EFH Corp., as issuer, and the EFH Notes Trustee. 
  88.           EFH 2019 Notes    means the 9.75% unsecured notes due October 15, 2019, issued by EFH Corp. pursuant to the EFH 2019 Note Indenture. 
  89.           EFH 2020 Note Indenture    means that certain Indenture, as amended or supplemented from time to time, dated January 12, 2010, by and among EFH Corp., as issuer, and the EFH Notes Trustee. 
  90.           EFH 2020 Notes    means the 10.0% unsecured notes due January 15, 2020, issued by EFH Corp. pursuant to the EFH 2020 Note Indenture.     
  91.           EFH Beneficiary Claims    means, collectively: (a) the Allowed EFH Non-Qualified Benefit Claims; (b) the Allowed EFH Unexchanged Note Claims; and (c) the Allowed General Unsecured Claims Against EFH Corp.;   provided  ,   however  , that any of the foregoing Claims shall cease to constitute EFH Beneficiary Claims if the Class  

Exhibit 2(b) 

comprised of such Claims fails to accept or fails to reject the Plan consistent with the Voting Indication (as such term is defined in the EFH/EFIH Committee Settlement), if any. 
  92.           EFH Committee Settlement Escrow    means an escrow account in an amount equal to $9,450,000.00, which shall be funded from and reduce the TCEH Cash Payment dollar for dollar;   provided   that such escrow account shall provide that distributions from such account shall be made   first   to Reorganized TCEH in an amount equal to the EFH Committee Settlement Payment Amount, and   second  , to the extent the EFH Committee Settlement Escrow Amount exceeds the EFH Committee Settlement Payment Amount, such excess amounts shall be distributed in a manner consistent with the distribution of the TCEH Cash Payment in accordance with Article III.B.30 and III.B.31 of the Plan. 
  93.            EFH Committee Settlement Payment Amount    means an amount equal to 25% of the TCEH Settlement Claim Turnover Distributions. 
  94.           EFH Confirmation Date    means the date upon which the Bankruptcy Court enters the EFH Confirmation Order on the docket of the Chapter 11 Cases, within the meaning of Bankruptcy Rules 5003 and 9021. 
  95.           EFH Confirmation Order    means one or more orders of the Bankruptcy Court confirming the Plan with respect to one or more EFH Debtors or EFIH Debtors pursuant to section 1129 of the Bankruptcy Code.  The EFH Confirmation Order shall be reasonably acceptable to the EFIH DIP Agents and acceptable to the Plan Sponsor. 
  96.           EFH Corp.    means Energy Future Holdings Corp., a Texas corporation. 
  97.           EFH Corp. Claims    means, collectively:  (a) the Allowed EFH Legacy Note Claims; (b) the Allowed EFH Swap Claims; (c) the Allowed EFH LBO Note Primary Claims; (d) the Allowed TCEH Settlement Claim; (e) the Allowed EFH Non-Qualified Benefit Claims; (f) the Allowed EFH Unexchanged Note Claims; (g) the Allowed General Unsecured Claims Against EFH Corp.; (h) the Allowed General Unsecured Claims Against EFH Debtors Other Than EFH Corp; and (i) the Allowed Tex-La Guaranty Claims;   provided  ,   however  , that if the Holders of Allowed EFH LBO Note Primary Claims receive a recovery on account of their Allowed Class B5 EFH LBO Note Guaranty Claims, the Allowed EFH LBO Note Primary Claims shall not be included in this definition of EFH Corp. Claims;   provided further  ,   however  , that if the Holders of Allowed Tex-La Guaranty Claims receive full recovery on account of their Allowed Class C1 Other Secured Claims Against the TCEH Debtors, the Allowed Tex-La Guaranty Claims shall not be included in this definition of EFH Corp. Claims. 
  98.           EFH Corporate Services    means EFH Corporate Services Company, a Texas corporation. 
  99.           EFH Creditor Recovery Pool    means, collectively: (i) the Reorganized EFH Class A Common Stock as set forth in Article IV.B.9 of the Plan, which shall, at the Merger Closing, convert to the right to receive the NextEra Class A Common Stock Investment in accordance with the Merger Agreement; and (ii) any Cash remaining in the EFH/EFIH Distribution Account after payment in full of (a) Allowed Claims against EFIH Debtors and (b) Allowed Administrative Claims and Allowed Priority Claims against the EFH Debtors;   provided  ,   however  , that the Holders of Allowed EFH Non-Qualified Benefit Claims shall receive Cash instead of NextEra Class A Common Stock on account of their Claims (including any TCEH Settlement Claim Turnover Distributions distributed to such Holders of EFH Non-Qualified Benefit Claims);   provided  ,   further  ,   however  , that (x) the amount of the NextEra Class A Common Stock Investment shall be reduced proportionately on account of such Cash payment and (y) to the extent necessary to satisfy the continuity of interest requirement, the amount of Cash in the EFH/EFIH Distribution Account, with respect to the EFIH Unsecured Creditor Cash Recovery Pool, shall be reduced by reducing the Merger Sub Cash Amount by such amount, with a corresponding equal increase in the amount of the NextEra Class B Common Stock Investment or NextEra Class A Common Stock Investment, determined consistently with the provisions of Article IV.B.9 of the Plan and Section 1.12 of the Merger Agreement;   provided, further, however  , that the amount of Cash in the EFH Creditor Recovery Pool shall be limited to the amount of Cash that can be distributed to Holders of Claims against EFH Corp. while satisfying the continuity of interest requirements under section 368 and 355 of the Internal Revenue Code;   provided, further, however  , that if there is a determination in advance of the EFH Effective Date that there is a reasonable risk that the amount of Cash in the EFH Creditor Recovery Pool would prevent the satisfaction  

Exhibit 2(b) 

of the continuity of interest requirement, a reduction to the Merger Sub Cash Amount, with a corresponding increase to the NextEra Class A Common Stock Investment and/or NextEra Class B Common Stock Investment, shall be made in an amount determined consistently with Article IV.B.9 of the Plan and Section 1.12 of the Merger Agreement;   provided, further, however  , that to the extent the amount of Cash in the EFH Creditor Recovery Pool would nevertheless cause a violation of the continuity of interest requirement (after accounting for the adjustments to the Merger Sub Cash Amount and the NextEra Class A Common Stock Investment and/or NextEra Class B Common Stock Investment), such Cash will not be included in the EFH Creditor Recovery Pool. 
  100.       EFH Debtor Intercompany Claim    means any Claim by an EFH Debtor against another EFH Debtor. 
  101.       EFH Debtors    means, collectively:  (a) EFH Corp.; (b) Ebasco Services of Canada Limited; (c) EEC Holdings, Inc.; (d) EECI, Inc.; (e) EFH Australia (No. 2) Holdings Company; (f) EFH Finance (No. 2) Holdings Company; (g) EFH FS Holdings Company; (h) EFH Renewables Company LLC; (i) Generation Development Company LLC; (j) LSGT Gas Company LLC; (k) LSGT SACROC, Inc.; (l) NCA Development Company LLC; and (m) TXU Receivables Company. 
  102.       EFH Disclosure Statement    means the   Disclosure Statement for the Fourth Amended Joint Plan of Reorganization of Energy Future Holdings Corp.,   et al.  , Pursuant to Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code with Respect to the EFH Debtors and EFIH Debtors  , dated [___], 2016 [D.I. ___], including all exhibits and schedules thereto, as approved pursuant to the Disclosure Statement Order. 
  103.       EFH Disclosure Statement Order    means the   Order (A) Approving the EFH Disclosure Statement, (B) Establishing the Voting Record Date, Voting Deadline, and Other Dates, (C) Approving Procedures for Soliciting, Receiving, and Tabulating Votes on the Plan and for Filing Objections to the Plan, and (D) Approving the Manner and Forms of Notice and Other Related Documents   [D.I. ___]. 
  104.       EFH Effective Date    means, with respect to the Plan, the date after the EFH Confirmation Date selected by (a) the EFH Debtors and EFIH Debtors, including, in the case of any Conflict Matter between any Debtors, each Debtor acting at the direction of its respective Disinterested Director or Manager and without the consent of any other Debtor and (b) the Plan Sponsor, on which:  (i) no stay of the EFH Confirmation Order is in effect; and (ii) all conditions precedent to the EFH Effective Date specified in Article IX.D have been satisfied or waived (in accordance with Article IX.E).  
  105.        EFH/EFIH Assumed Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases    means those Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases to be assumed by the Reorganized EFH and Reorganized EFIH, as set forth on the EFH/EFIH Assumed Executory Contract and Unexpired Lease List. 
  106.        EFH/EFIH Assumed Executory Contract and Unexpired Lease List    means the list of Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases to be assumed (with proposed cure amounts), as determined by the Plan Sponsor, in its sole discretion, the form of which shall be included in the Plan Supplement;   provided  ,   however  , that notwithstanding Article V.F. herein, the following contracts to the extent such contracts are executory contracts, shall be deemed assumed by Reorganized EFH and Reorganized EFIH, as applicable:  (a) the Insurance Policies that provide coverage to the TCEH Debtors or EFH Shared Services Debtors, (b) D O Insurance Policies at EFH Corp. for the benefit of current or former directors, managers, officers, and, employees, and (c) any D O priority agreement between EFH Corp. and the sponsoring institution of certain directors. 
  107.       EFH/EFIH Committee    means the statutory committee of unsecured creditors of EFH Corp., EFIH, EFIH Finance, and EECI, Inc., appointed in the Chapter 11 Cases pursuant to section 1102 of the Bankruptcy Code by the U.S. Trustee on October 27, 2014, the membership of which may be reconstituted from time to time. 
  108.       EFH/EFIH Committee Settlement    means the Settlement   Support Agreement, dated as of November 23, 2015, by and among EFH Corp., EFIH, EFIH Finance, EEC Holdings, Inc., EECI, Inc., LSGT Gas Company LLC, LSGT SACROC, Inc., TCEH, the EFH/EFIH Committee, the EFH Notes Trustee, the TCEH  

Exhibit 2(b) 

Supporting First Lien Creditors, the Original Plan Sponsors, and the TCEH Committee, as approved under the EFH/EFIH Committee Settlement Order. 
  109.       EFH/EFIH Committee Settlement Order    means the   Order Approving Settlement Among Debtors, EFH Committee, EFH Notes Trustee, and Certain Other Parties   [D.I. 7143], entered by the Bankruptcy Court on November 25, 2015. 
  110.       EFH/EFIH Committee Standing Motion    means the   Motion of the EFH Official Committee for Entry of an Order Granting Derivative Standing and Authority to Prosecute and Settle Claims on Behalf of the Luminant Debtors  Estates   [D.I. 3605]. 
  111.            EFH/EFIH Distribution Account    means one or more interest-bearing escrow accounts designated by EFH Corp. prior to the EFH Effective Date to hold Cash to fund distributions under the Plan consisting of (a) the Merger Sub Cash Amount, (b) the Cash distributed to satisfy Allowed EFH Non-Qualified Benefit Claims, (c) the EFIH Unsecured Creditor Cash Recovery Pool, and (d) any other amounts to be funded into the EFH/EFIH Distribution Account pursuant to the terms of the Plan or Merger Agreement, which account shall be administered by the EFH Plan Administrator Board. 
  112.       EFH/EFIH Plan Supporters    means, collectively: (a) the Plan Sponsor; and, (b) excluding the EFH Debtors and the EFIH Debtors, all other parties to the New EFH/EFIH Plan Support Agreement, if any. 
  113.       EFH/EFIH Rejected Executory Contract and Unexpired Lease List    means the list of Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases to be rejected, as determined by the Plan Sponsor, in its sole discretion, the form of which shall be included in the Plan Supplement.  
  114.       EFH Group    means the  affiliated group  (within the meaning of Section 1504(a)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code), and any consolidated, combined, aggregate, or unitary group under state or local law, of which EFH Corp. is the common parent. 
  115.       EFH LBO Note Claims    means, collectively:  (a) the EFH LBO Note Primary Claims; and (b) the EFH LBO Note Guaranty Claims. 
  116.       EFH LBO Note Guaranty Claim    means any Claim against EFIH derived from or based upon the EFH LBO Notes. 
  117.       EFH LBO Note Indenture    means that certain Indenture, as amended or supplemented from time to time, dated October 31, 2007, by and among EFH Corp., as issuer, EFCH and EFIH as guarantors, and the EFH Notes Trustee. 
  118.       EFH LBO Note Primary Claim    means any Claim against EFH Corp. derived from or based upon the EFH LBO Notes. 
  119.       EFH LBO Notes    means, collectively:  (a) the EFH LBO Senior Notes; and (b) the EFH LBO Toggle Notes. 
  120.       EFH LBO Senior Notes    means the 10.875% senior notes due November 1, 2017, issued by EFH Corp. pursuant to the EFH LBO Note Indenture. 
  121.       EFH LBO Toggle Notes    means the 11.25%/12.00% toggle notes due November 1, 2017, issued by EFH Corp. pursuant to the EFH LBO Note Indenture.  
  122.       EFH Legacy Note Claims    means, collectively:  (a) the EFH Legacy Series P Claims; (b) the EFH Legacy Series Q Claims; and (c) the EFH Legacy Series R Claims. 

Exhibit 2(b) 

123.       EFH Legacy Note Indentures    means, collectively:  (a) the EFH Legacy Series P Indenture; (b) the EFH Legacy Series Q Indenture; and (c) the EFH Legacy Series R Indenture. 
  124.       EFH Legacy Notes    means, collectively:  (a) the EFH Legacy Series P Notes; (b) the EFH Legacy Series Q Notes; and (c) the EFH Legacy Series R Notes. 
  125.       EFH Legacy Series P Claim    means any Claim derived from or based upon the EFH Legacy Series P Notes, excluding any Claims derived from or based upon EFH Legacy Series P Notes held by EFIH (if any). 
  126.       EFH Legacy Series P Indenture    means that certain Indenture, as amended or supplemented from time to time, dated November 1, 2004, by and among EFH Corp., as issuer, and the EFH Notes Trustee. 
  127.       EFH Legacy Series P Notes    means the 5.55% Series P Senior Notes due November 15, 2014, issued by EFH Corp. pursuant to the EFH Legacy Series P Indenture and related officer s certificate. 
  128.       EFH Legacy Series Q Claim    means any Claim derived from or based upon the EFH Legacy Series Q Notes, excluding any Claims derived from or based upon EFH Legacy Series Q Notes held by EFIH (if any). 
  129.       EFH Legacy Series Q First Supplemental Indenture    means that certain Supplemental Indenture, dated December 5, 2012, by and among EFH Corp., as issuer, and the EFH Notes Trustee. 
  130.       EFH Legacy Series Q Indenture    means that certain Indenture, as amended or supplemented from time to time, dated November 1, 2004, by and among EFH Corp., as issuer, and the EFH Notes Trustee. 
  131.       EFH Legacy Series Q Notes    means the 6.50% Series Q Senior Notes due November 15, 2024, issued by EFH Corp. pursuant to the EFH Legacy Series Q Indenture and related officer s certificate. 
  132.       EFH Legacy Series R Claim    means any Claim derived from or based upon the EFH Legacy Series R Notes, excluding any Claims derived from or based upon EFH Legacy Series R Notes held by EFIH (if any). 
  133.       EFH Legacy Series R First Supplemental Indenture    means that certain Supplemental Indenture, dated December 5, 2012, by and among EFH Corp., as issuer, and the EFH Notes Trustee. 
  134.       EFH Legacy Series R Indenture    means that certain Indenture, as amended or supplemented from time to time, dated November 1, 2004, by and among EFH Corp., as issuer, and the EFH Notes Trustee. 
  135.       EFH Legacy Series R Notes    means the 6.55% Series R Senior Notes due November 15, 2034, issued by EFH Corp. pursuant to the EFH Legacy Series R Indenture and related officer s certificate. 
  136.       EFH Non-Debtors    means, collectively:  (a) TXU Europe Limited; (b) TXU Eastern Finance (A) Ltd; (c) TXU Eastern Finance (B) Ltd; (d) TXU Finance (No. 2) Limited; (e) TXU Eastern Funding Company; (f) TXU Acquisitions Limited; (g) Humphreys   Glasgow Limited; (h) EFH Vermont Insurance Company; and (i) any other non-U.S., non-Debtor Entities. 
  137.       EFH Non-Qualified Benefit Claim    means any Claim against the EFH Debtors derived from or based upon an EFH Non-Qualified Benefit Plan. 
  138.       EFH Non-Qualified Benefit Plan    means either: (a) a non-contributory, non-qualified pension plan that provides retirement benefits to participants whose tax qualified pension benefits are limited due to restrictions under the Internal Revenue Code and/or deferrals to other benefit programs; and/or (b) a contributory, non-qualified defined contribution plan that permits participants to voluntarily defer a portion of their base salary and/or annual incentive plan bonuses. 

Exhibit 2(b) 

139.       EFH Note Indentures    means, collectively:  (a) the EFH Legacy Note Indentures; (b) the EFH LBO Note Indenture; (c) the EFH 2019 Note Indenture; and (d) the EFH 2020 Note Indenture. 
  140.       EFH Notes Trustee    collectively means AST T, in its capacity as successor trustee to BNYMTC under the EFH Note Indentures.  
  141.       EFH Plan Administrator Board    shall be a two-member board of directors comprised of current disinterested directors of EFH Corp. and EFIH, which board shall be appointed on or after the TCEH Effective Date by the Plan Sponsor and the EFH Debtors. and which board shall be tasked with directing the Disbursing Agent with respect to Cash distributions made on account of Allowed Claims asserted against the EFH Debtors and EFIH Debtors and shall not, for the avoidance of doubt, be authorized to direct the Disbursing Agent with respect to any Cash distributions made on account of Allowed Claims asserted against the TCEH Debtors or EFH Shared Services Debtors, if any. 
  142.       EFH Professional Fee Escrow Account    means an escrow account established and funded pursuant to Article II.A.2(b) of the Plan for Professional Fee Claims allocated to the EFH Debtors or the Reorganized EFH Debtors pursuant to pursuant to Article II.A.2(d) of the Plan. 
  143.       EFH Professional Fee Reserve Amount    means the total amount of Professional Fee Claims estimated to be allocated to the EFH Debtors or the Reorganized EFH Debtors in accordance with Article II.A.2(c) of the Plan. 
  144.       EFH Series N Note Claim    means any Claim derived from or based upon the EFH Series N Notes. 
  145.       EFH Series N Note Indenture    means that certain Indenture, as amended or supplemented from time to time, dated July 3, 2003, by and among EFH Corp., as issuer, and the EFH Series N Trustee. 
  146.       EFH Series N Notes    means the floating rate convertible notes due 2033 issued by EFH Corp. pursuant to the EFH Series N Note Indenture. 
  147.       EFH Series N Notes Trustee    means BNYMTC, in its capacity under the EFH Series N Notes. 
  148.       EFH Shared Services Debtor Intercompany Claim    means any Claim by an EFH Shared Services Debtor against another EFH Shared Services Debtor. 
  149.       EFH Shared Services Debtors    means, collectively:  (a) EFH Corporate Services; (b) Dallas Power and Light Company, Inc.; (c) EFH CG Holdings Company LP; (d) EFH CG Management Company LLC; (e) Lone Star Energy Company, Inc.; (f) Lone Star Pipeline Company, Inc.; (g) Southwestern Electric Service Company, Inc.; (h) Texas Electric Service Company, Inc.; (i) Texas Energy Industries Company, Inc.; (j) Texas Power and Light Company, Inc.; (k) Texas Utilities Company, Inc.; (l) Texas Utilities Electric Company, Inc.; (m) TXU Electric Company, Inc.; (n) Brighten Energy LLC; and (o) Brighten Holdings LLC. 
  150.       EFH Swap Claim    means any Claim against EFH Corp. derived from or based upon the EFH Swaps. 
  151.       EFH Swaps    means those certain swaps entered into by EFH Corp. on an unsecured basis. 
  152.       EFH Unexchanged Note Claim    means any Claim derived from or based upon the EFH Unexchanged Notes. 
  153.       EFH Unexchanged Notes    means, collectively:  (a) the EFH 2019 Notes; and (b) the EFH 2020 Notes. 
  154.       EFIH    means Energy Future Intermediate Holding Company LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 

Exhibit 2(b) 

155.       EFIH Debtor Intercompany Claim    means any Claim by an EFIH Debtor against another EFIH Debtor. 
  156.       EFIH Debtors    means, collectively:  (a) EFIH; and (b) EFIH Finance. 
  157.       EFIH DIP Secured Cash Management Banks    means the  Secured Cash Management Banks,  as defined in the EFIH First Lien Final DIP Order. 
  158.        EFIH DIP Secured Cash Management Obligations    means the  Secured Cash Management Obligations,  as defined in the EFIH First Lien Final DIP Order. 
  159.       EFIH DIP Secured Hedge Banks    means the  Secured Hedge Banks,  as defined in the EFIH First Lien Final DIP Order. 
  160.        EFIH DIP Secured Hedge Obligations    means the  Secured Hedge Obligations,  as defined in the EFIH First Lien Final DIP Order. 
  161.       EFIH Finance    means EFIH Finance Inc., a Delaware corporation. 
  162.       EFIH First Lien 2017 Note Indenture    means that certain Indenture, as amended or supplemented from time to time, dated August 14, 2012, by and among the EFIH Debtors, as issuers, and the EFIH First Lien Notes Trustee. 
  163.       EFIH First Lien 2017 Notes    means the 6.875% senior secured notes due August 15, 2017, issued by the EFIH Debtors pursuant to the EFIH First Lien 2017 Note Indenture. 
  164.       EFIH First Lien 2020 Note Indenture    means that certain Indenture, as amended or supplemented from time to time, dated August 17, 2010, by and among the EFIH Debtors, as issuers, and the EFIH First Lien Notes Trustee. 
  165.       EFIH First Lien 2020 Notes    means the 10.0% senior secured notes due December 1, 2020, issued by the EFIH Debtors pursuant to the EFIH First Lien 2020 Note Indenture. 
  166.       EFIH First Lien Approval Order    means the   Order Approving EFIH First Lien Settlement   [D.I. 858]. 
  167.       EFIH First Lien DIP Agent    means Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch, or its duly appointed successor, in its capacity as administrative agent and collateral agent for the EFIH First Lien DIP Facility. 
  168.       EFIH First Lien DIP Claim    means any Claim derived from or based upon the EFIH First Lien DIP Credit Agreement or the EFIH First Lien Final DIP Order, including Claims for all principal amounts outstanding, interest, fees, expenses, costs, and other charges.  
  169.       EFIH First Lien DIP Collateral    means the  EFIH DIP Collateral,  as defined in the EFIH First Lien Final DIP Order. 
  170.        EFIH First Lien DIP Contingent Obligations    means the  Contingent Obligations,  as defined in the EFIH First Lien DIP Credit Agreement, including any and all expense reimbursement obligations of the Debtors that are contingent as of the EFH Effective Date. 
  171.        EFIH First Lien DIP Credit Agreement    means that certain Senior Secured Superpriority Debtor in-Possession Credit Agreement, dated as of June 19, 2014, as amended, supplemented, or modified from time to time, by and among EFIH, EFIH Finance, the banks, financial institutions, and other lenders from time to time party thereto, the EFIH First Lien DIP Agent, and the other agents and entities party thereto, collectively with the  EFIH First Lien DIP Documents,  as defined in the EFIH First Lien Final DIP Order. 

Exhibit 2(b) 

172.       EFIH First Lien DIP Facility    means the EFIH Debtors  $5.4 billion debtor-in-possession financing facility, as approved on a final basis pursuant to the EFIH First Lien Final DIP Order. 
  173.       EFIH First Lien DIP Repayment Amount    means an amount in Cash sufficient to repay all outstanding Allowed EFIH First Lien DIP Claims in accordance with Article II.B.2 of the Plan. 
  174.       EFIH First Lien Final DIP Order    means the   Final Order (A) Approving Postpetition Financing For Energy Future Intermediate Holding Company LLC and EFIH Finance Inc., (B) Granting Liens and Providing Superpriority Administrative Expense Claims, (C) Approving the Use of Cash Collateral by Energy Future Intermediate Holding Company LLC and EFIH Finance Inc., (D) Authorizing the EFIH First Lien Repayment, (E) Authorizing Issuance of Roll-Up Debt to the Extent Authorized by the Settlement Orders, and (F) Modifying the Automatic Stay   [D.I. 859], as amended by the   Amended Final Order (A) Approving Postpetition Financing for Energy Future Intermediate Holding Company LLC and EFIH Finance Inc., (B) Granting Liens and Providing Superpriority Administrative Expense Claims, (C) Approving the Use of Cash Collateral by Energy Future Intermediate Holding Company LLC and EFIH Finance Inc., (D) Authorizing the EFIH First Lien Repayment, (E) Authorizing Issuance of Roll-Up Debt to the Extent Authorized by the Settlement Orders, and (F) Modifying the Automatic Stay   [D.I. 3856]. 
  175.       EFIH First Lien Intercreditor Action    means the pending appeal by the EFIH First Lien Notes Trustee against the EFIH Second Lien Notes Trustee for turnover and other relief (Delaware Trust Company, as Indenture Trustee v. Computershare Share Trust Company, N.A., et al, No. 16-cv-461 (D. Del.). 
  176.        EFIH First Lien Note Claim    means any Secured Claim derived from or based upon the EFIH First Lien Notes. 
  177.       EFIH First Lien Note Indentures    means, collectively:  (a) the EFIH First Lien 2017 Note Indenture; and (b) the EFIH First Lien 2020 Note Indenture. 
  178.       EFIH First Lien Notes    means, collectively:  (a) the EFIH First Lien 2017 Notes; and (b) the EFIH First Lien 2020 Notes (and the EFIH First Lien 2017 Note Indenture and the EFIH First Lien 2020 Note Indenture). 
  179.       EFIH First Lien Notes Trustee    means Delaware Trust Company, as successor indenture trustee to BNY. 
  180.       EFIH First Lien Settlement    means that certain settlement approved by the EFIH First Lien Approval Order. 
  181.       EFIH Intercreditor Litigation    means the litigation commenced by the EFIH First Lien Notes Trustee against the EFIH Second Lien Notes Trustee for turnover and other relief,   Delaware Trust Company, as Indenture Trustee   v.   Computershare Share Trust Company, N.A., et al  ., Adv. Pro. Np. 14-50410-CSS (Bankr. D. Del.) and any pending appeals related thereto. 
  182.       EFIH Professional Fee Escrow Account    means an escrow account established and funded pursuant to Article II.A.2(b) of the Plan for Professional Fee Claims allocated to the EFIH Debtors or the Reorganized EFIH Debtors pursuant to pursuant to Article II.A.2(d) of the Plan. 
  183.       EFIH Professional Fee Reserve Amount    means the total amount of Professional Fee Claims estimated to be allocated to the EFIH Debtors or the Reorganized EFIH Debtors in accordance with Article II.A.2(c) of the Plan. 
  184.       EFIH Second Lien Note Claim    means any Secured Claim derived from or based upon the EFIH Second Lien Notes. 

Exhibit 2(b) 

185.       EFIH Second Lien Note Indenture    means that certain Indenture, as amended or supplemented from time to time, dated April 25, 2011, by and among the EFIH Debtors, as issuers, and the EFIH Second Lien Notes Trustee. 
  186.       EFIH Second Lien Notes    means, collectively:  (a) the 11.0% senior secured second lien notes due October 1, 2021; and (b) the 11.75% senior secured second lien notes due March 1, 2022, issued by the EFIH Debtors pursuant to the EFIH Second Lien Note Indenture (and the EFIH Second Lien Note Indenture). 
  187.       EFIH Second Lien Note Repayment Amount    means an amount in Cash sufficient to repay all outstanding EFIH Second Lien Note Claims in accordance with, and to the extent provided in, Article III.B.20 of the Plan, excluding any amounts paid on account of EFIH Second Lien Note Claims that are Makewhole Claims. 
  188.       EFIH Second Lien Notes Trustee    means Computershare Trust, as successor indenture trustee to BNY. 
  189.       EFIH Second Lien Partial Repayment    means the partial repayment of EFIH Second Lien Notes, in the amount of up to $750 million, effectuated pursuant to the   Order (A) Authorizing Partial Repayment of EFIH Second Lien Notes; (B) Approving EFIH DIP Consent; and (C) Authorizing Consent Fee   [D.I. 3855]. 
  190.       EFIH Senior Toggle Note Indenture    means that certain Indenture, as amended or supplemented from time to time, dated December 5, 2012, by and among the EFIH Debtors, as issuers, and the EFIH Unsecured Notes Trustee. 
  191.       EFIH Senior Toggle Notes    means the 11.25%/12.25% senior unsecured notes due December 1, 2018, issued by the EFIH Debtors pursuant to the EFIH Senior Toggle Note Indenture. 
  192.       EFIH Unexchanged Note Indenture    means that certain Indenture, as amended or supplemented from time to time, dated November 16, 2009, by and among the EFIH Debtors, as issuers, and the EFIH Unsecured Notes Trustee. 
  193.       EFIH Unexchanged Notes    means the 9.75% unsecured notes due October 15, 2019, issued by the EFIH Debtors pursuant to the EFIH Unexchanged Note Indenture. 
  194.       EFIH Unsecured Creditor Cash Pool    means (a) the balance of any Cash held by EFIH after giving effect to all other transactions and distributions that are contemplated by the Plan or the Merger Agreement to occur on or before the EFH Effective Date and (b) any other amounts payable to Holders of Claims entitled to distributions from the EFIH Unsecured Creditor Cash Pool as expressly provided in the Plan. 
  195.       EFIH Unsecured Creditor Equity Pool    means (a) the Reorganized EFH Class B Common Stock as set forth in Article IV.B.9 of the Plan, which shall, on the EFH Effective Date, convert to the right to receive the NextEra Class B Common Stock and (b) any other amounts payable to Holders of Claims entitled to distributions from the EFIH Unsecured Creditor Equity Pool as expressly provided in the Plan. 
  196.       EFIH Unsecured Creditor Recovery Pool    means, collectively, the EFIH Unsecured Creditor Equity Pool and the EFIH Unsecured Creditor Cash Pool. 
  197.       EFIH Unsecured Note Claim    means any Claim derived from or based upon the EFIH Unsecured Notes. 
  198.       EFIH Unsecured Note Indentures    means, collectively:  (a) the EFIH Senior Toggle Note Indenture; and (b) the EFIH Unexchanged Note Indenture. 
  199.       EFIH Unsecured Notes    means, collectively:  (a) the EFIH Senior Toggle Notes; and (b) the EFIH Unexchanged Notes. 

Exhibit 2(b) 

200.       EFIH Unsecured Notes Trustee    means UMB Bank, N.A., as successor trustee to BNY. 
  201.       Employment Agreements    means all existing employment agreements by and between any employee of the Debtors and a Debtor, each of which shall be assumed and assigned to Reorganized TCEH Debtors on the TCEH Effective Date. 
  202.       Entity    has the meaning set forth in section 101(15) of the Bankruptcy Code. 
  203.       Environmental Action    means the pending case of   United States v. Luminant Generation Company LLC  ,     et al., 3:13-cv-3236-K (N.D. Tex.). 
  204.       Environmental Law    means all federal, state and local statutes, regulations, ordinances and similar provisions having the force or effect of law, all judicial and administrative orders, agreements and determinations and all common law concerning pollution or protection of the environment, or environmental impacts on human health and safety, including, without limitation, the Atomic Energy Act; the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act; the Clean Water Act; the Clean Air Act; the Emergency Planning and Community Right-to-Know Act; the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act; the Nuclear Waste Policy Act; the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act; the Safe Drinking Water Act; the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act; the Toxic Substances Control Act; and any state or local equivalents.     
  205.        EPA Settlement Amount    means $1,000,000.00, as set forth in the order approving that certain Stipulation and Settlement Agreement, dated as of December 1, 2015, by and among EFH Corp., TCEH, EFCH, the United States on behalf of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, certain Holders of TCEH First Lien Claims, the Original Plan Sponsors, and the TCEH Committee [D.I. 7204]. 
  206.       Equity Investment    means the equity investments to be made pursuant to the Merger, including the Plan Sponsor Investment. 
  207.       ERISA    means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, 29 U.S.C.    1001-1461 as amended, (2006 V. Supp. 2011), and the regulations promulgated thereunder. 
  208.       Estate    means, as to each Debtor, the estate created for the Debtor in its Chapter 11 Case pursuant to section 541 of the Bankruptcy Code. 
  209.       Estimated Company Cash Amount    means the  Estimated Company Cash Amount  as defined in the Merger Agreement. 
  210.       Exchange Agent    means  Exchange Agent,  as such term is defined in the Merger Agreement. 
  211.       Exculpated Parties    means, collectively, and in each case in its capacity as such:  (a) the Debtors; (b) the Committees and each of their respective members; and (c) with respect to each of the foregoing, such Entity and its current and former Affiliates, and such Entity s and its current and former Affiliates  current and former equity holders (regardless of whether such interests are held directly or indirectly), subsidiaries, officers, directors, managers, principals, members, employees, agents, advisory board members, financial advisors, partners, attorneys, accountants, investment bankers, consultants, representatives, and other professionals, each in their capacity as such. 
  212.       Executive Severance Policy    means the Energy Future Holdings Corp. Executive Change in Control Policy, effective as of May 20, 2005, as amended on December 23, 2008 and December 20, 2010, and in effect as of the date of Filing of the Plan. 
  213.       Executory Contract    means a contract to which one or more of the Debtors is a party and that is subject to assumption or rejection under section 365 of the Bankruptcy Code. 
  214.       FCC    means the Federal Communications Commission. 

Exhibit 2(b) 

215.       Federal Judgment Rate    means the rate of interest calculated pursuant to the provisions of 28 U.S.C.   1961, which shall be a rate equal to the weekly average 1-year constant maturity Treasury yield, as published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, as of the Petition Date, which rate was 0.11%, compounded annually. 
  216.       Fee Committee    means that certain fee review committee appointed pursuant to the   Stipulation and Consent Order Appointing a Fee Committee   [D.I.1891]. 
  217.       FERC    means the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. 
  218.       File  ,     Filed  ,  or    Filing    means file, filed, or filing in the Chapter 11 Cases with the Bankruptcy Court or its authorized designee in the Chapter 11 Cases, including with respect to a Proof of Claim or Proof of Interest, the Claims and Noticing Agent.  
  219.      Final Order    means (a) an order or judgment of the Bankruptcy Court, as entered on the docket in any Chapter 11 Case (or any related adversary proceeding or contested matter) or the docket of any other court of competent jurisdiction, or (b) an order or judgment of any other court having jurisdiction over any appeal from (or petition seeking certiorari or other review of) any order or judgment entered by the Bankruptcy Court (or any other court of competent jurisdiction, including in an appeal taken) in any Chapter 11 Case (or any related adversary proceeding or contested matter), in each case that has not been reversed, stayed, modified, or amended, and as to which the time to appeal, or seek certiorari or move for a new trial, reargument, or rehearing has expired according to applicable law and no appeal or petition for certiorari or other proceedings for a new trial, reargument, or rehearing has been timely taken, or as to which any appeal that has been taken or any petition for certiorari that has been or may be timely Filed has been withdrawn or resolved by the highest court to which the order or judgment was appealed or from which certiorari was sought or the new trial, reargument, or rehearing shall have been denied, resulted in no modification of such order, or has otherwise been dismissed with prejudice;   provided  ,   however  , that the possibility a motion under Rule 60 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, or any analogous rule under the Bankruptcy Rules or the Local Bankruptcy Rules of the Bankruptcy Court, may be filed relating to such order shall not prevent such order from being a Final Order. 
  220.           Fundamental Opinions        shall include: 
           (a) 
    the following opinions of nationally recognized tax counsel or a Big Four accounting firm (who shall be permitted to rely upon reasonable representations, including a representation that the Debtors have no plan or intention at the time of the Distribution that is inconsistent with the Spin-Off Intended Tax Treatment), in substance reasonably acceptable to the TCEH Supporting First Lien Creditors and the Plan Sponsor, at a  should  level: 
              (i) 
    Taking into account the Merger, the Contribution, Reorganized TCEH Conversion, and Distribution should meet the     requirements of Sections 368(a)(1)(G), 355, and 356 of the Internal Revenue Code. 
              (ii) 
    EFH should not recognize gain for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a result of the     Contribution or the Reorganized TCEH Conversion other than gain recognized     pursuant to the transfer of assets to the Preferred Stock Entity and the Spin-Off Preferred Stock     Sale. 
              (iii) 
    EFH should recognize no gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes upon the     Distribution. 
              (b) 
    the following opinions of nationally recognized tax counsel or a Big Four accounting firm (who shall be permitted to rely upon reasonable representations, including a representation that the Debtors have no plan or intention at the time of the Distribution that is inconsistent with the Spin-Off Intended Tax Treatment), in substance reasonably acceptable to the TCEH Supporting First Lien Creditors and the Plan Sponsor, at a  will  level: 

Exhibit 2(b) 

(i) 
    Section 355(g) will not apply to the Reorganized TCEH Spin-Off. 
              (ii) 
    Each of the EFH SAG and the Spinco SAG will be engaged in the active conduct of a trade or business (within the meaning of section 355(b)) immediately after the Reorganized TCEH Spin-Off. 
     221.       General Administrative Claim    means any Administrative Claim, other than a Professional Fee Claim. 
  222.       General Unsecured Claim     Against EFCH    means any Unsecured Claim against EFCH that is not otherwise paid in full pursuant to an order of the Bankruptcy Court, including the EFCH 2037 Note Claims, but excluding:  (a) Administrative Claims against EFCH; (b) Priority Tax Claims against EFCH; (c) Intercompany Claims against EFCH; (d) Other Priority Claims against EFCH; and (e) DIP Claims. 
  223.       General Unsecured Claim Against EFH Corp.    means any Unsecured Claim against EFH Corp. that is not otherwise paid in full pursuant to an order of the Bankruptcy Court, including the EFH Series N Note Claims, but excluding:  (a) Legacy General Unsecured Claims Against the EFH Debtors; (b) EFH Legacy Note Claims; (c) EFH Unexchanged Note Claims; (d) EFH LBO Note Primary Claims; (e) EFH Swap Claims; (f) EFH Non-Qualified Benefit Claims; (g) the TCEH Settlement Claim; (h) Tex-La Guaranty Claims; (i) Administrative Claims against EFH Corp.; (j) Priority Tax Claims against EFH Corp.; (k) Intercompany Claims against EFH Corp.; (l) Other Priority Claims against EFH Corp.; and (m) EFIH First Lien DIP Claims. 
  224.       General Unsecured Claim Against the EFH Debtors Other Than EFH Corp.    means any Unsecured Claim against one or more of the EFH Debtors (other than EFH Corp.) that is not otherwise paid in full pursuant to an order of the Bankruptcy Court, but excluding:  (a) Legacy General Unsecured Claims Against the EFH Debtors; (b) EFH Non-Qualified Benefit Claims; (c) Administrative Claims against the EFH Debtors other than EFH Corp.; (d) Priority Tax Claims against the EFH Debtors other than EFH Corp.; (e) Intercompany Claims against the EFH Debtors other than EFH Corp.; (f) Other Priority Claims against the EFH Debtors other than EFH Corp.; and (g) EFIH First Lien DIP Claims. 
  225.       General Unsecured Claim Against the EFH Shared Services Debtors    means any Unsecured Claim against one or more of the EFH Shared Services Debtors that is not otherwise paid in full pursuant to an order of the Bankruptcy Court, excluding:  (a) Administrative Claims against the EFH Shared Services Debtors; (c) Priority Tax Claims against the EFH Shared Services Debtors; (d) Intercompany Claims against the EFH Shared Services Debtors; (e) Other Priority Claims against the EFH Shared Services Debtors; and (f) DIP Claims. 
  226.       General Unsecured Claim Against the EFIH Debtors    means any Unsecured Claim against one or more of the EFIH Debtors that is not otherwise paid in full pursuant to an order of the Bankruptcy Court, including the EFIH Unsecured Note Claims and any Unsecured Claims derived from or based upon the EFIH First Lien Notes or EFIH Second Lien Notes, but excluding:  (a) EFH LBO Note Guaranty Claims; (b) Administrative Claims against the EFIH Debtors; (c) Priority Tax Claims against the EFIH Debtors; (d) Intercompany Claims against the EFIH Debtors; (e) Other Priority Claims against the EFIH Debtors; and (f) EFIH First Lien DIP Claims. 
  227.       General Unsecured Claim     Against the TCEH Debtors Other Than EFCH    means any Unsecured Claim against one or more of the TCEH Debtors other than EFCH that is not otherwise paid in full pursuant to an order of the Bankruptcy Court, including the Legacy General Unsecured Claims Against the TCEH Debtors, but excluding:  (a) TCEH Unsecured Debt Claims; (b) Administrative Claims against the TCEH Debtors Other Than EFCH; (c) Priority Tax Claims against the TCEH Debtors Other Than EFCH; (d) Intercompany Claims against the TCEH Debtors Other Than EFCH; (e) Other Priority Claims against the TCEH Debtors Other Than EFCH; and (f) DIP Claims. 
  228.       Governmental Unit    has the meaning set forth in section 101(27) of the Bankruptcy Code. 
  229.       Holder    means an Entity holding a Claim or an Interest, as applicable. 

Exhibit 2(b) 

230.       HSR Act    means the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976. 
  231.       Impaired    means, with respect to a Class of Claims or Interests, a Class of Claims or Interests that is impaired within the meaning of section 1124 of the Bankruptcy Code. 
  232.       Incremental Amendment Agreement    means that certain Incremental Amendment No. 1, dated as January 4, 2013, by and among the Incremental 2012 Term Lenders (as defined therein), EFCH, TCEH, the Credit Parties (as defined therein) party thereto, and Citibank, N.A., as administrative and collateral agent. 
  233.       Indemnification Obligations    means each of the Debtors  indemnification obligations in place as of the Effective Date, whether in the bylaws, certificates of incorporation or formation, limited liability company agreements, other organizational or formation documents, board resolutions, management or indemnification agreements, or employment or other contracts, for their current and former directors, officers, managers, employees, attorneys, accountants, investment bankers, and other professionals and agents of the Debtors, as applicable. 
  234.        Indenture Trustees    means, collectively:  (a) the EFH Notes Trustee; (b) the EFCH 2037 Notes Trustee; (c) the EFIH First Lien Notes Trustee; (d) the EFIH Second Lien Notes Trustee; (e) the EFIH Unsecured Notes Trustee; (f) the TCEH First Lien Notes Trustee; (g) the TCEH Second Lien Notes Trustee; (h) the TCEH Unsecured Notes Trustee; (i) the PCRB Trustee; (j) the EFH Series N Notes Trustee; and (k) the TCEH Second Lien Notes Collateral Agent. 
  235.       Initial Plan    means the   Joint Plan of Reorganization of Energy Future Holdings Corp., et al., Pursuant to Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code   [D.I. 4142], dated April 14, 2015. 
  236.       Insurance Policies    means any insurance policies, insurance settlement agreements, coverage-in-place agreements, or other agreements relating to the provision of insurance entered into by or issued to or for the benefit of any of the Debtors or their predecessors.  
  237.       Intercompany Claim    means a Claim or Cause of Action by EFH Corp. or any direct or indirect subsidiary of EFH Corp. against EFH Corp. or any direct or indirect subsidiary of EFH Corp.   
  238.       Interest    means any equity security (as defined in section 101(16) of the Bankruptcy Code) in any Debtor and any other rights, options, warrants, stock appreciation rights, phantom stock rights, restricted stock units, redemption rights, repurchase rights, convertible, exercisable or exchangeable securities or other agreements, arrangements or commitments of any character relating to, or whose value is related to, any such interest or other ownership interest in any Entity. 
  239.       Interim Compensation Order    means the   Order Establishing Procedures for Interim Compensation and Reimbursement of Expenses for Professionals   [D.I. 2066]. 
  240.       Internal Revenue Code    means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
  241.       Investor Rights Agreement    means that certain Investor Rights Agreement, dated as of November 5, 2008, by and among Oncor and certain of its direct and indirect equityholders, including EFH Corp. and TTI. 
  242.       IPO Conversion Plan    means the plan attached as an exhibit to the Merger Agreement, as may be modified, amended or supplemented in accordance with the Merger Agreement. 
  243.       IRS    means the Internal Revenue Service. 
  244.       IRS Submissions    means all submissions to the IRS in connection with the Private Letter Ruling and the request for the Supplemental Ruling.   
  245.       Judicial Code    means title 28 of the United States Code, 28 U.S.C.    1 4001. 

Exhibit 2(b) 

246.       Legacy General Unsecured Claim Against the EFH Debtors    means any Claim against the EFH Debtors derived from or based upon liabilities based on asbestos or, to the extent set forth in the Merger Agreement or on Schedule 6.6(a) to the Company Disclosure Letter, qualified post-employment benefits relating to discontinued operations of the EFH Debtors. 
  247.       Legacy General Unsecured Claim Against the TCEH Debtors    means any Claim against the TCEH Debtors derived from or based upon liabilities based on asbestos or qualified post-employment benefits relating to the TCEH Debtors. 
  248.       Liability Management Program    means the various transactions, including debt buybacks, new debt issuances, debt exchanges, debt payoffs, intercompany debt forgiveness, dividends, and maturity extensions, by EFH Corp. and its direct and indirect subsidiaries, and restructuring of such Entities  debt obligations completed before the Petition Date, as described in the 2009-2013 SEC filings of EFH Corp., EFIH, EFIH Finance, and TCEH.  
  249.       Lien    has the meaning set forth in section 101(37) of the Bankruptcy Code. 
  250.       Litigation Letters    means, collectively:  (a) the TCEH Committee Litigation Letters; and (b) the TCEH Unsecured Group Litigation Letter. 
  251.       Luminant    means Luminant Holding Company LLC and its direct and indirect Debtor subsidiaries. 
  252.       Luminant Makewhole Settlement    means those transactions in settlement of Luminant s obligations to Oncor under the Tax and Interest Makewhole Agreements, by which EFIH purchased Luminant s obligations from Oncor in August 2012, and Luminant paid EFIH the same respective amount in September 2012. 
  253.       Makewhole Claim    means any Claim, whether secured or unsecured, derived from or based upon makewhole, applicable premium, redemption premium, or other similar payment provisions provided for by the applicable indenture or other agreement calculated as of the EFH Effective Date (or in the case of the EFIH First Lien Notes, the closing date of the EFIH First Lien DIP Facility, and in the case of EFIH Second Lien Notes, the closing date of the EFIH Second Lien Partial Repayment, with respect to the amount repaid at such time) or any other alleged premiums, fees, or Claims relating to the repayment of the principal balance of any notes, including any Claims for damages, or other relief arising from the repayment, prior to the respective stated maturity or call date, of the principal balance of any notes or any denial of any right to rescind any acceleration of such notes. 
  254.       Management Agreement    means that certain management agreement, dated as of October 10, 2007, by and among EFH Corp., TEF, Kohlberg Kravis Roberts   Co. L.P., TPG Capital, L.P., Goldman, Sachs   Co., and Lehman Brothers Inc. 
  255.       Merger    means that certain merger on the EFH Effective Date of Reorganized EFH with and into Merger Sub in a transaction intended to qualify as a tax-free reorganization under section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code, with Merger Sub continuing as the surviving entity. 
  256.       Merger Agreement    means that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of [___] 2016, by and among NextEra, Merger Sub, EFH Corp., and EFIH, as may be amended, supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance therewith, including all exhibits and schedules attached thereto, which shall be included in the Plan Supplement.     
  257.       Merger Closing    means  Closing,  as that term is defined in the Merger Agreement. 
  258.       Merger Effective Time    means  Effective Time,  as that term is defined in the Merger Agreement. 
  259.       Merger Sub    means EFH Merger Co., LLC, a Delaware limited liability company wholly owned by NextEra, with whom and into which Reorganized EFH will merge. 

Exhibit 2(b) 

260.        Merger Sub     Cash Amount    means the Cash to be delivered by Merger Sub to the EFH/EFIH Distribution Account at the Merger Closing in accordance with the Merger Agreement. 
  261.       Merger Sub Account    means a segregated, restricted account, and invested and disbursed in accordance with that certain escrow agreement, dated as of the EFH Effective Date, between Merger Sub and U.S. Bank National Association, and used solely to satisfy Allowed Legacy General Unsecured Claims Against the EFH Debtors that are based on asbestos claims and related costs, including court costs, expert witness costs, attorneys  fees, the cost to procure insurance and all other related costs from time to time during the fifty year term of the escrow agreement and, to the extent any balance (including accrued interest, if any) remains at the end of such term, such balance shall only be paid over to a charity specified in accordance with the terms of such escrow agreement. 
  262.       Minority Interest Acquisition    means the acquisition by Merger Sub, NextEra, or an Affiliate of NextEra of (a) the Oncor Minority Interest in one or more privately negotiated transactions with TTI or Oncor Management or (b) the portion of the Oncor Minority Interest held by TTI pursuant to the drag-along rights set forth in Section 3.3 of the Investor Rights Agreement. 
  263.       New Boards    means, collectively:  (a) the Reorganized TCEH Board; and (b) the New EFH/EFIH Board. 
  264.       New EFH/EFIH Board    means the board of directors or managers, if any, of the Merger Sub and Reorganized EFIH, as applicable, on and after the EFH Effective Date, in each case to be appointed by the Plan Sponsor. 
  265.       New     EFH/EFIH Plan Support Agreement    means that certain Alternative E-Side Restructuring Agreement, dated as of July 29, 2016, by and among the Plan Sponsor, the EFH Debtors, and the EFIH Debtors, as may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance therewith. 
  266.       New Employee Agreements/Arrangements    means the agreements or other arrangements entered into by the 18 members of the Debtors  management team who are considered  insiders  but who are not party to an Employment Agreement as of the date of the Plan Support Agreement to be adopted by Reorganized TCEH on the TCEH Effective Date and which shall include the applicable terms set forth in Section 10(o) of the Plan Support Agreement and shall otherwise be substantially in the form included in the Plan Supplement and reasonably acceptable to the TCEH Supporting First Lien Creditors (in consultation with the TCEH Committee);   provided  ,   however  , that none of the EFH Debtors, Reorganized EFH Debtors, EFIH Debtors, Reorganized EFIH Debtors, or Plan Sponsor shall have any liability with respect thereto. 
  267.       New Organizational Documents    means such certificates or articles of incorporation of formation, by-laws, limited liability company agreements, or other applicable formation documents of each of the Reorganized Debtors, as applicable, the form of which shall be included in the Plan Supplement;   provided   that (a) any New Organization Document with respect to any Reorganized EFH Debtor or any Reorganized EFIH Debtor shall be in form and substance acceptable to the Plan Sponsor and (b) any New Organization Document with respect to any Reorganized TCEH Debtor or any Reorganized Shared Services Debtor shall be in form and substance acceptable to the TCEH Supporting First Lien Creditors. 
  268.       New Reorganized TCEH Debt    means the instruments or other indebtedness to be issued by Reorganized TCEH on the TCEH Effective Date prior to the Reorganized TCEH Conversion pursuant to the Exit Facility Agreement (as defined in the TCEH DIP Credit Agreement) evidencing an obligation to Holders of Allowed TCEH DIP Claims. 
  269.       New Reorganized TCEH Debt Documents    means the documents necessary to effectuate the New Reorganized TCEH Debt, which shall be included in the Plan Supplement. 
  270.       NextEra    means NextEra Energy, Inc., a Florida corporation. 

Exhibit 2(b) 

271.       NextEra Common Stock    means the NextEra Class A Common Stock and the NextEra Class B Common Stock.  
  272.       NextEra Common Stock Investment    means the NextEra Class A Common Stock Investment and the NextEra Class B Common Stock Investment. 
  273.       NextEra Class A Common Stock    means the shares of NextEra Common Stock issued in connection with the NextEra Class A Common Stock Investment. 
  274.       NextEra Class A Common Stock Investment    means the shares of NextEra Common Stock entitled to be received by the Holder of the Reorganized EFH Class A Common Stock upon its conversion at the Merger Effective Time in accordance with the Merger Agreement.  
  275.       NextEra Class B Common Stock    means the shares of NextEra Common Stock to be issued in connection with the NextEra Class B Common Stock Investment. 
  276.       NextEra Class B Common Stock Investment    means the shares of NextEra Common Stock entitled to be received by the Holder of the Reorganized EFH Class B Common Stock upon its conversion at the Merger Effective Time in accordance with the Merger Agreement. 
  277.       Non-EFH Debtor Intercompany Claim    means any Claim, other than the TCEH Settlement Claim, by any direct or indirect subsidiary of EFH Corp. (other than an EFH Debtor) against an EFH Debtor, including any Claims derived from or based upon EFH Legacy Notes held by EFIH. 
  278.       Non-EFH Shared Services Debtor Intercompany Claim    means any Claim by EFH. Corp. or any direct or indirect subsidiary of EFH Corp. (other than an EFH Shared Services Debtor) against an EFH Shared Services Debtor. 
  279.       Non-EFIH Debtor Intercompany Claim    means any Claim by EFH Corp. or any direct or indirect subsidiary of EFH Corp. (other than an EFIH Debtor) against an EFIH Debtor. 
  280.       Non-TCEH Debtor Intercompany Claim    means any Claim by EFH Corp. or any direct or indirect subsidiary of EFH Corp. (other than a TCEH Debtor) against a TCEH Debtor, including any Claim derived from or based upon the TCEH Credit Agreement, the TCEH First Lien Notes, or TCEH Unsecured Notes held by EFH Corp. and EFIH. 
  281.       NRC    means the United States Nuclear Regulatory Commission. 
  282.       Nuclear Decommissioning Obligations    means the Debtors  funding obligations related to a nuclear decommissioning trust that will be used to fund the decommissioning of the Comanche Peak nuclear power plant, as required by the United States Department of Energy. 
  283.       Oak Grove Promissory Note    means that certain Promissory Note, dated December 22, 2010, by and among Oak Grove Power Company LLC, as issuer, and North American Coal Royalty Company, as holder, and John W. Harris, as trustee, with face amount of $7,472,500 due in annual installments through December 22, 2017, which note is secured by all coal, lignite, and other near-surface minerals on and under certain real property in Robertson County, Texas. 
  284.       Oak Grove Promissory Note Claim    means any Claim derived from or based upon the Oak Grove Promissory Note. 
  285.       Oncor    means Oncor Holdings and its direct and indirect subsidiaries. 
  286.       Oncor Electric    means Oncor Electric Delivery Company LLC. 

Exhibit 2(b) 

287.       Oncor Holdings    means Oncor Electric Delivery Holdings Company LLC. 
  288.       Oncor Letter Agreement    means that certain letter agreement to be entered into contemporaneously with the Merger Agreement, by and among NextEra, Merger Sub, Oncor Electric, and Oncor Holdings, pursuant to which, among other things, each of Oncor Electric and Oncor Holdings will agree to take and not to take certain actions in furtherance of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, which shall be included in the Plan Supplement. 
  289.       Oncor Management    means Oncor Management Investment LLC 
  290.       Oncor Minority Interest    means the minority interests in Oncor Electric held by TTI and Oncor Management. 
  291.       Oncor Tax Sharing Agreement    means that certain Amended and Restated Tax Sharing Agreement, dated as of November 5, 2008, by and among EFH Corp., Oncor Holdings, Oncor Electric, TTI, and Oncor Management. 
  292.       OpCo    means TEX Operations Company LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
  293.       Ordinary Course Professional Order    means the   Order Authorizing the Retention and Compensation of Certain Professionals Utilized in the Ordinary Course of Business   [D.I. 765].  
  294.       Original Confirmed Plan    means the   Sixth Amended Joint Plan of Reorganization of Energy Future Holdings Corp.,   et al.  , Pursuant to Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code   [D.I. 7235]. 
  295.       Original Plan Sponsors    means  Plan Sponsors,  as such term was defined in the Original Confirmed Plan. 
  296.       Original Plan Supplement    means the   Plan Supplement for the Joint Plan of Reorganization of Energy Future Holdings Corp., et al., Pursuant to Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code   [D.I. 6544], and any amendments and modifications thereto, including D.I. 7191 and D.I. 7866. 
  297.       Other Priority Claims    means any Claim, other than an Administrative Claim, a DIP Claim, or a Priority Tax Claim, entitled to priority in right of payment under section 507(a) of the Bankruptcy Code. 
  298.       Other Secured Claim Against the EFH Debtors    means any Secured Claim against any of the EFH Debtors, excluding DIP Claims. 
  299.       Other Secured Claim Against the EFH Shared Services Debtors    means any Secured Claim against any of the EFH Shared Services Debtors, excluding DIP Claims. 
  300.       Other Secured Claim Against the EFIH Debtors    means any Secured Claim against any of the EFIH Debtors, excluding:  (a) EFIH First Lien Note Claims, if any; (b) EFIH Second Lien Note Claims; and (c) DIP Claims. 
  301.       Other Secured Claim Against the TCEH Debtors    means any Secured Claim against any of the TCEH Debtors, including the Oak Grove Promissory Note Claims and Tex-La Obligations, but excluding:  (a) TCEH First Lien Secured Claims; and (b) DIP Claims. 
  302.       OV2    means Ovation Acquisition II, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company. 
  303.       Parent Disclosure Letter    means  Parent Disclosure Letter  as such term is defined in the Merger Agreement. 

Exhibit 2(b) 

304.       PBGC    means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, a wholly-owned United States government corporation, and an agency of the United States created by ERISA. 
  305.       PCRB Claim    means any Claim derived from or based upon the PCRBs, excluding the Repurchased PCRBs, including any Claims and Causes of Action held by the PCRB Trustee, including for fees and expenses, related to the PCRBs. 
  306.       PCRBs    means the pollution control revenue refunding bonds and pollution control revenue bonds outstanding from time to time, including: (a) 7.70% Fixed Series 1999C due March 1, 2032; (b) 7.70% Fixed Series 1999A due April 1, 2033; (c) 6.30% Fixed Series 2003B due July 1, 2032; (d) 6.75% Fixed Series 2003C due October 1, 2038; (e) 5.40% Fixed Series 2003D due October 1, 2029; (f) 5.40% Fixed Series 1994A due May 1, 2029; (g) 5.00% Fixed Series 2006 due March 1, 2041; (h) 8.25% Fixed Series 2001A Due October 1, 2030; (i) 8/25% Fixed Series 2001D-1 due May 1, 2033; (j) 6.45% Fixed Series 2000A due June 1, 2021; (k) 5.80% Fixed Series 2003A due July 1, 2022; (l) 6.15% Fixed Series 2003B due August 1, 2022; (m) 5.20% Fixed Series 2001C due May 1, 2028; (n) 6.25% Fixed Series 2000A due May 1, 2028; (o) Series 1994B due May 1, 2029 (variable rate); (p) Series 1995A due April 1, 2030 (variable rate); (q) Series 1995B due June 1, 2030 (variable rate); (r) Series 2001B due May 1, 2029 (variable rate); (s) Series 2001C due May 1, 2036 (15% ceiling); (t) Floating Taxable Series 2001I due December 1, 2036; (u) Floating Series 2002A due May 1, 2037; (v) Series 2003A due April 1, 2038 (15% ceiling); (w) Series 1999B due September 1, 2034 (15% ceiling); (x) Floating Series 2001D-2 due May 1, 2033; (y) Series 2001A due May 1, 2022 (15% ceiling); (z) Series 2001B due May 1, 2030 (15% ceiling); and (aa) Series 2001A due May 1, 2027 (variable rate), to which, among others, the PCRB Trustee is party. 
  307.       PCRB Trustee    means BNYM, as indenture trustee for the PCRBs. 
  308.       Pension Plans    means the two single-employer defined benefit plans insured by the PBGC and covered by Title IV of ERISA, 29 U.S.C.    1301-1461, including (a) the plan sponsored by EFH Corp., and (b) the plan sponsored by Oncor Electric. 
  309.       Periodic Distribution Date    means, unless otherwise ordered by the Bankruptcy Court, the first Business Day that is 120 days after the Effective Date, and, for the first year thereafter, the first Business Day that is 120 days after the immediately preceding Periodic Distribution Date. After one year following the Effective Date, the Periodic Distribution Date will occur on the first Business Day that is 180 days after the immediately preceding Periodic Distribution Date, unless and until otherwise ordered by the Bankruptcy Court. 
  310.       Petition Date    means     April 29, 2014, the date on which the Debtors commenced the Chapter 11 Cases. 
  311.       Plan    means this   Fourth Amended     Joint Plan of Reorganization of Energy Future Holdings Corp.,   et al.  , Pursuant to Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code  , including the Plan Supplement. 
  312.       Plan Sponsor    means NextEra, acting through its wholly-owned subsidiary, NextEra Energy Capital Holdings, Inc., the beneficial owner of approximately $45 million principal amount of EFIH Senior Toggle Notes and a creditor and party in interest in the Chapter 11 Cases, unless and until such time as the Merger Agreement shall have been terminated in accordance with its terms and without consummation of the Merger.  For the avoidance of doubt, upon the termination of the Merger Agreement, any consent rights of the Plan Sponsor set forth in this Plan shall be inoperative. 
  313.       Plan Sponsor     Cash Amount    mean collectively, (a) the Merger Sub Cash Amount, (b) the EFIH First Lien DIP Repayment Amount, and (c) the EFIH Second Lien Notes Repayment Amount. 
  314.       Plan Sponsor Investment    means, collectively: (a) the Plan Sponsor Cash Amount; and (b) the NextEra Common Stock Investment.   

Exhibit 2(b) 

315.       Plan Supplement    means the compilation of documents and forms of documents, schedules, and exhibits to the Plan, to be Filed by the Debtors no later than 14 days before the Confirmation Hearing or such later date as may be approved by the Bankruptcy Court on notice to parties in interest, and additional documents Filed with the Bankruptcy Court before the Effective Date as amendments to the Plan Supplement comprised of, among other documents, the following, if any and as applicable:  (a) New Organizational Documents; (b) the Rejected Executory Contract and Unexpired Lease List; (c) the Assumed Executory Contract and Unexpired Lease List (which shall include the Employment Agreements and provide that such Employment Agreements are assigned to Reorganized TCEH on the TCEH Effective Date); (d) a list of retained Causes of Action; (e) the Reorganized TCEH Debtor Management Incentive Plan; (f) the New Employee Agreements/Arrangements; (g) the Reorganized TCEH Registration Rights Agreement; (h) the identity of the members of the New Boards and management for the Reorganized Debtors; (i) the New Reorganized TCEH Debt Documents; (j) the Merger Agreement; (k) the Tax Matters Agreement; (l) the Transition Services Agreement; (m) the Reorganized TCEH Shareholders  Agreement; (n) the Oncor Letter Agreement; (o) the Separation Agreement; (p) the Spin-Off Tax Receivable Agreement or the Taxable Separation Tax Receivable Agreement (as applicable); (q) the Amended and Restated Split Participant Agreement; (r) the Taxable Separation Memorandum; and (s) the TRA Information Form.  Any reference to the Plan Supplement in the Plan shall include each of the documents identified above as (a) through (s), as applicable.  Other than with respect to the assumption and assignment of the Employment Agreements as set forth herein, the documents that comprise the Plan Supplement shall be:  (i) subject to any consent or consultation rights provided hereunder and thereunder, including as provided in the definitions of the relevant documents; and (ii) in form and substance reasonably acceptable (or, to the extent otherwise provided hereunder or thereunder, including as provided in the applicable definitions of the applicable documents, acceptable) to the Plan Sponsor, the TCEH Supporting First Lien Creditors, and the DIP Agents.  The Parties entitled to amend the documents contained in the Plan Supplement shall be entitled to amend such documents in accordance with their respective terms and Article X of the Plan through and including the Effective Date. 
  316.       Plan Support Agreement    means that certain Plan Support Agreement, dated as of August 9, 2015 (as amended on September 11, 2015, October 27, 2015, and November 12, 2015, and as may be amended, supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance therewith), by and among the Debtors, the Original Plan Sponsors, the TCEH Supporting First Lien Creditors, the TCEH First Lien Agent, the TCEH Supporting Second Lien Creditors, the TCEH Committee, and certain other Entities, including all exhibits and schedules attached thereto. 
  317.       Post-Closing Audit    means the  Post-Closing Audit  as defined in the Merger Agreement. 
  318.       Preferred Stock Entity    means, as part of the Spin-Off, the new Entity pursuant to which certain assets and liabilities will be transferred as part of the Spin-Off Preferred Stock Sale, it being understood that, if the Spin-Off is effectuated pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth in Article IV.B.2, the Preferred Stock Entity will undertake the Preferred Stock Entity Conversion on the TCEH Effective Date. 
  319.       Preferred Stock Entity Conversion    means, as part of the Spin-Off, the conversion of the Preferred Stock Entity from a Delaware limited liability company to a Delaware corporation on the TCEH Effective Date, immediately following the Contribution and immediately prior to the Spin-Off Preferred Stock Sale.  
  320.       Priority Tax Claim    means the Claims of Governmental Units of the type specified in section 507(a)(8) of the Bankruptcy Code. 
  321.       Private Letter Ruling    means the private letter ruling issued by the IRS to EFH Corp. on July 28, 2016. 
  322.       Pro Rata    means the proportion that the amount of an Allowed Claim or Allowed Interest in a particular Class bears to the aggregate amount of the Allowed Claims or Allowed Interests in that Class, or the proportion of the Allowed Claims or Allowed Interests in a particular Class and other Classes entitled to share in the same recovery as such Claim or Interest under the Plan. 

Exhibit 2(b) 

323.       Professional    means an Entity, excluding those Entities entitled to compensation pursuant to the Ordinary Course Professional Order:  (a) retained  pursuant to a Bankruptcy Court order in accordance with sections 327, 363, or 1103 of the Bankruptcy Code and to be compensated for services rendered before or on the Effective Date, pursuant to sections 327, 328, 329, 330, 331, and 363 of the Bankruptcy Code; or (b) awarded compensation and reimbursement by the Bankruptcy Court pursuant to section 503(b)(4) of the Bankruptcy Code;   provided, however  , that each of the professionals employed by the DIP Agents shall not be  Professionals  for the purposes of the Plan. 
  324.       Professional Fee Claims    means all Administrative Claims for the compensation of Professionals and the reimbursement of expenses incurred by such Professionals through and including the Effective Date to the extent such fees and expenses have not been paid pursuant to the Interim Compensation Order or any other order of the Bankruptcy Court.  To the extent the Bankruptcy Court denies or reduces by a Final Order any amount of a Professional s requested fees and expenses, then the amount by which such fees or expenses are reduced or denied shall reduce the applicable Professional Fee Claim.   
  325.       Professional Fee Escrow Account    means the TCEH Professional Fee Escrow Account, the EFIH Professional Fee Escrow Account, and the EFH Professional Fee Escrow Account, as applicable. 
  326.       Professional Fee Escrow Agents    means each escrow agent for the applicable Professional Fee Escrow Account appointed pursuant Article II.A.2(b) of the Plan and the escrow agreements entered into pursuant thereto.  
  327.       Proof of Claim    means a proof of Claim Filed against any of the Debtors in the Chapter 11 Cases. 
  328.       Proof of Interest    means a proof of Interest Filed against any of the Debtors in the Chapter 11 Cases. 
  329.       PUC    means the Public Utility Commission of Texas. 
  330.       PUC Approval    means  PUCT Approval,  as such term is defined in the Merger Agreement. 
  331.       RCT    means the Railroad Commission of Texas. 
  332.       Refinanced TCEH DIP Facility    means the TCEH Debtors  debtor-in-possession financing facility, as approved on a final basis pursuant to the   Final Order (A) Approving Postpetition Financing For Texas Competitive Electric Holdings Company LLC and Certain of Its Debtor Affiliates, (B) Granting Liens and Providing Superpriority Administrative Expense Claims, and (C) Modifying the Automatic Stay   [D.I. 856], and refinanced pursuant to the TCEH DIP Order. 
  333.       Reinstate  ,     Reinstated  ,  or    Reinstatement    means with respect to Claims and Interests, that the Claim or Interest shall be rendered unimpaired in accordance with section 1124 of the Bankruptcy Code. 
  334.        Rejected Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease    means any EFH/EFIH Rejected Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease or any TCEH Rejected Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease. 
  335.       Rejected Executory Contract and Unexpired Lease List    means, as applicable, the EFH/EFIH Rejected Executory Contract and Unexpired Lease List or the TCEH Rejected Executory Contract and Unexpired Lease List. 
  336.       Released Parties    means collectively, and in each case only in its capacity as such:  (a) the EFH/EFIH Plan Supporters; (b) Merger Sub; (c) Holders of TCEH First Lien Claims; (d) Holders of TCEH Second Lien Note Claims; (e) Holders of TCEH Unsecured Note Claims; (f) Holders of EFH Legacy Note Claims; (g) Holders of EFH Unexchanged Note Claims; (h) Holders of EFH LBO Note Primary Claims; (i) Holders of EFIH Unsecured Note Claims; (j) Holders of EFH LBO Note Guaranty Claims; (k) the DIP Lenders; (l) the TCEH First Lien Agent; (m) the Indenture Trustees other than the EFIH First Lien Notes Trustee and the EFIH Second Lien Notes Trustee; (n) the Dealer Managers; (o) TEF; (p) Texas Holdings; (q) Oncor; (r) funds and accounts managed or advised by Kohlberg  

Exhibit 2(b) 

Kravis Roberts   Co., L.P., TPG Capital, L.P. or Goldman, Sachs   Co. that hold direct or indirect interests in Texas Holdings, TEF, or EFH Corp.; (s) the Committees and each of their respective members; (t) Holders of General Unsecured Claims Against the TCEH Debtors Other Than EFCH; (u) Holders of General Unsecured Claims Against EFCH; (v) Holders of General Unsecured Claims Against the EFIH Debtors; (w) Holders of General Unsecured Claims Against EFH Corp.; (x) Holders of General Unsecured Claims Against the EFH Debtors Other Than EFH Corp.; (y) Holders of General Unsecured Claims Against the EFH Shared Services Debtors; (y) the Original Plan Sponsors; (aa) OV2; (bb) with respect to each of the Debtors, the Reorganized Debtors, and each of the foregoing Entities in clauses (a) through (aa), such Entity and its current and former Affiliates, and such Entities  and their current and former Affiliates  current and former directors, managers, officers, equity holders (regardless of whether such interests are held directly or indirectly), predecessors, successors, and assigns, subsidiaries, and each of their respective current and former equity holders, officers, directors, managers, principals, members, employees, agents, advisory board members, financial advisors, partners, attorneys, accountants, investment bankers, consultants, representatives, and other professionals, each in their capacity as such; and (cc) the DTC;   provided  ,   however  , that any Holder of a Claim or Interest that opts out of the releases contained in the Plan shall not be a  Released Party    provided, further, however,   that the EFIH First Lien Notes Trustee, all Holders of Claims derived from or based on the EFIH First Lien Notes, the EFIH Second Lien Notes Trustee, and all Holders of Claims derived from or based on the EFIH Second Lien Notes, shall not be  Released Parties,  except as otherwise agreed to by a Holder in its capacity as such. 
  337.       Releasing Parties    means collectively, and in each case only in its capacity as such:  (a) the EFH/EFIH Plan Supporters; (b) Merger Sub; (c) Holders of TCEH First Lien Claims; (d) Holders of TCEH Second Lien Note Claims; (e) Holders of TCEH Unsecured Note Claims; (f) Holders of EFH Legacy Note Claims; (g) Holders of EFH Unexchanged Note Claims; (h) Holders of EFH LBO Note Primary Claims; (i) Holders of EFIH Unsecured Note Claims; (j) Holders of EFH LBO Note Guaranty Claims; (k) the DIP Lenders; (l) the TCEH First Lien Agent; (m) the Indenture Trustees other than the EFIH First Lien Notes Trustee and the EFIH Second Lien Notes Trustee; (n) the Dealer Managers; (o) TEF; (p) Texas Holdings; (q) Oncor; (r) funds and accounts managed or advised by Kohlberg Kravis Roberts   Co., L.P., TPG Capital, L.P. or Goldman, Sachs   Co. that hold direct or indirect interests in Texas Holdings, TEF, or EFH Corp.; (s) the Committees and each of their respective members; (t) Holders of General Unsecured Claims Against the TCEH Debtors Other Than EFCH; (u) Holders of General Unsecured Claims Against EFCH; (v) Holders of General Unsecured Claims Against the EFIH Debtors; (w) Holders of General Unsecured Claims Against EFH Corp.; (x) Holders of General Unsecured Claims Against the EFH Debtors Other Than EFH Corp.; (y) Holders of General Unsecured Claims Against the EFH Shared Services Debtors; (z) all Holders of Claims and Interests that are deemed to accept the Plan; (aa) all Holders of Claims and Interests who vote to accept the Plan; (bb) all Holders in voting Classes who abstain from voting on the Plan   and   who do not opt out of the releases provided by the Plan; (cc) OV2; (dd) the Original Plan Sponsors; (ee) with respect to each of the Debtors, the Reorganized Debtors, and each of the foregoing Entities in clauses (a) through (dd), such Entity and its current and former Affiliates, and such Entities  and their current and former Affiliates  current and former directors, managers, officers, equity holders (regardless of whether such interests are held directly or indirectly), predecessors, successors, and assigns, subsidiaries, and each of their respective current and former equity holders, officers, directors, managers, principals, members, employees, agents, advisory board members, financial advisors, partners, attorneys, accountants, investment bankers, consultants, representatives, and other professionals, each in their capacity as such; and (ff) all Holders of Claims and Interests, solely with respect to releases of all Holders of Interests in EFH Corp. and their current and former Affiliates, and such Entities  and their Affiliates  current and former equity holders (regardless of whether such interests are held directly or indirectly), predecessors, successors, and assigns, subsidiaries, and their current and former officers, directors, managers, principals, members, employees, agents, advisory board members, financial advisors, partners, attorneys, accountants, investment bankers, consultants, representatives, and other professionals, each in their capacity as such;   provided, however  , that the EFIH First Lien Notes Trustee, all Holders of Claims derived from or based on the EFIH First Lien Notes, the EFIH Second Lien Notes Trustee, and all Holders of Claims derived from or based on the EFIH Second Lien Notes, shall not be  Releasing Parties,  except as otherwise agreed by a Holder in its capacity as such. 
  338.       Reorganized Debtor    means any Debtor as reorganized pursuant to and under the Plan or any successor thereto, by merger, consolidation, or otherwise, including Merger Sub, on or after the Effective Date. 

Exhibit 2(b) 

339.       Reorganized EFH    means EFH Corp. on and after the EFH Effective Date, or any successor thereto, including Merger Sub, by merger, consolidation, or otherwise, unless otherwise indicated in the Plan. 
  340.       Reorganized EFH Common Stock    means the Reorganized EFH Class A Common Stock and the Reorganized EFH Class B Common Stock. 
  341.       Reorganized EFH Class A Common Stock    means one new validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable share of Class A common stock, no par value, of Reorganized EFH to be issued and distributed under and in accordance with the Plan.  
  342.       Reorganized EFH Class B Common Stock    means one new validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable share of Class B common stock, no par value, of Reorganized EFH to be issued and distributed under and in accordance with the Plan. 
  343.       Reorganized EFH Debtors    means the EFH Debtors, other than the EFH Shared Services Debtors, as reorganized pursuant to and under the Plan, or any successor thereto, by merger, consolidation, or otherwise, including Merger Sub, on or after the EFH Effective Date. 
  344.       Reorganized EFH Shared Services Debtors    means the EFH Shared Services Debtors, as reorganized pursuant to and under the Plan, or any successor thereto, by merger, consolidation, or otherwise, on or after the TCEH Effective Date. 
  345.       Reorganized EFH Stock Value    means $1 per share of Reorganized EFH Common Stock. 
  346.        Reorganized EFIH    means EFIH, or any successor thereto, by merger, consolidation, or otherwise, on and after the EFH Effective Date. 
  347.        Reorganized EFIH Debtors    means the EFIH Debtors as reorganized pursuant to and under the Plan, or any successor thereto, by merger, consolidation, or otherwise, on or after the EFH Effective Date. 
  348.        Reorganized EFIH Membership Interests    means the new membership interests in Reorganized EFIH, if any, to be issued on the EFH Effective Date. 
  349.       Reorganized TCEH    means either (a) if the Spin-Off is effectuated pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth in Article IV.B.2, the new Entity pursuant to which certain assets and liabilities will be transferred as part of the Contribution and the stock of which will be distributed as part of the Distribution, it being understood that Reorganized TCEH will undertake the Reorganized TCEH Conversion on the TCEH Effective Date, or (b) the new Entity, the common stock of which will be distributed to Holders of TCEH First Lien Claims pursuant to the Taxable Separation. 
  350.       Reorganized TCEH Board    means the board of directors or managers of Reorganized TCEH on and after the TCEH Effective Date to be appointed by the TCEH Supporting First Lien Creditors in consultation with TCEH. 
  351.       Reorganized TCEH Common Stock    means the 450,000,000 shares of common stock in Reorganized TCEH to be issued and distributed in accordance with the Plan. 
  352.       Reorganized TCEH Conversion    means, as part of the Spin-Off, the conversion of Reorganized TCEH from a Delaware limited liability company into a Delaware corporation on the TCEH Effective Date, immediately following the Contribution and immediately prior to the Distribution.  
  353.       Reorganized TCEH Debtor Management Incentive Plan    means the management incentive plan to be implemented with respect to Reorganized TCEH on the TCEH Effective Date, the terms of which shall be consistent  

Exhibit 2(b) 

with the Plan Support Agreement, in form and substance acceptable to Reorganized TCEH and the TCEH Supporting First Lien Creditors, and substantially in the form to be included in the Plan Supplement. 
  354.       Reorganized TCEH Debtors    means the TCEH Debtors as reorganized pursuant to and under the Plan, or any successor thereto, by merger, consolidation, or otherwise, and including the Reorganized EFH Shared Services Debtors, on or after the TCEH Effective Date. 
  355.       Reorganized TCEH Registration Rights Agreement    means the registration rights agreement that shall provide registration rights to certain Holders of Reorganized TCEH Common Stock, the material terms of which shall be included in the Plan Supplement. 
  356.       Reorganized TCEH Shareholders  Agreement    means the one or more shareholders  agreements, if any, that will govern certain matters related to the governance of Reorganized TCEH, which shall be included in the Plan Supplement. 
  357.       Reorganized TCEH Sub Preferred Stock    means, if the Spin-Off is effectuated pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth in Article IV.B.2, the new contingent-voting preferred stock of the Preferred Stock Entity issued pursuant to the Spin-Off Preferred Stock Sale. 
  358.       Repurchased PCRBs    means the PCRBs repurchased by TCEH and held in a custody account. 
  359.       Restructuring Transactions    means those mergers, amalgamations, consolidations, arrangements, continuances, restructurings, transfers, conversions, dispositions, liquidations, dissolutions, or other corporate transactions that the Debtors, the Plan Sponsor, and the TCEH Supporting First Lien Creditors reasonably determine to be necessary or desirable to implement the Plan, including, as applicable, the Taxable Separation or, if the Spin-Off is effectuated pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth in Article IV.B.2, the Spin-Off, Equity Investment, Merger, and other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement. 
  360.       Rural Utilities Service    means the agency of the United States Department of Agriculture tasked with providing public utilities to rural areas in the United States through public-private partnerships. 
  361.       Schedules    means the schedules of assets and liabilities, schedules of Executory Contracts or Unexpired Leases, and statement of financial affairs Filed by the Debtors pursuant to section 521 of the Bankruptcy Code, the official bankruptcy forms, and the Bankruptcy Rules. 
  362.       SEC    means the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
  363.       Secured    means when referring to a Claim:  (a) secured by a Lien on property in which the Estate has an interest, which Lien is valid, perfected, and enforceable pursuant to applicable law or by reason of a Bankruptcy Court order, or that is subject to setoff pursuant to section 553 of the Bankruptcy Code, to the extent of the value of the creditor s interest in the Estate s interest in such property or to the extent of the amount subject to setoff, as applicable, as determined pursuant to section 506(a) of the Bankruptcy Code; or (b) Allowed pursuant to the Plan or separate order of the Bankruptcy Court as a secured claim. 
  364.       Securities Act    means the Securities Act of 1933, 15 U.S.C.    77a 77aa, together with the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, as amended. 
  365.       Security    or    Securities    has the meaning set forth in section 2(a)(1) of the Securities Act. 
  366.       Separation Agreement    means an agreement to be entered into on or before the TCEH Effective Date to, among other things, effectuate the Spin-Off or the Taxable Separation and address the transfer by the EFH Debtors and EFIH Debtors of certain assets, liabilities, and equity interests related to the TCEH Debtors  operations, including with respect to the EFH Shared Services Debtors, by and among Reorganized TCEH, OpCo and EFH Corp.,  

Exhibit 2(b) 

in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the parties thereto, and acceptable to the Plan Sponsor and the TCEH Supporting First Lien Creditors, which shall be included in the Plan Supplement. 
  367.       Settlement    means the compromise and settlement by and among the parties to the Settlement Agreement, including the Debtors and their respective Estates, of (a) all Non-EFH Debtor Intercompany Claims, Non-EFIH Debtor Intercompany Claims, Non-TCEH Debtor Intercompany Claims, and the TCEH Settlement Claim, other than ordinary course Debtor Intercompany Claims incurred pursuant to, and in accordance with, Paragraph 10 of the Cash Management Order, (b) claims and Causes of Action against Holders of TCEH First Lien Claims and the TCEH First Lien Agent, (c) claims and Causes of Action against the Holders of EFH Interests and certain related Entities, and (d) claims and Causes of Action against any of the Debtors  directors, managers, officers, and other related Entities, as set forth in the Settlement Agreement. 
  368.       Settlement Agreement    means that certain Settlement Agreement by and among the Debtors and certain Holders of Claims and Interests, as approved in the Settlement Order. 
  369.       Settlement Agreement Professional Fees    means those  Professional Fees,  as such term is defined in the Settlement Order, actually paid pursuant to the Settlement Order.  
  370.       Settlement Order    means the   Order Granting the Motion of Energy Future Holdings Corp., et al., to Approve a Settlement of Litigation Claims and Authorize the Debtors to Enter into and Perform Under the Settlement Agreement   [D.I. 7243]. 
  371.       Shared Services    means those shared services provided to EFH Corp. and its direct and indirect subsidiaries, including by or through EFH Corporate Services and/or pursuant to any service-level agreement or shared services agreements. 
  372.        Spin-Off    means, if the Spin-Off is effectuated pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth in Article IV.B.2, certain transactions required to achieve and preserve the Spin-Off Intended Tax Treatment, including the Contribution, the Reorganized TCEH Conversion, and the Distribution. 
  373.       Spin-Off Conditions    means (a) entry of the Approval Order by the Bankruptcy Court; (b) that the Debtors shall have performed their commitments, covenants and other obligations with respect to the  Preferred Stock Sale  as set forth on Exhibit G to the Plan Support Agreement, as modified consistent with the Tax Matters Agreement; and (c) the satisfaction or waiver, pursuant to the terms set forth in Article IX.E, of the conditions set forth in Article IX.C.8. 
  374.       Spin-Off Conditions Termination Date    means the earlier of (a) November 1, 2016; and (b) the date upon which one or more of the Spin-Off Conditions becomes incapable of being satisfied, as determined by each of:  (i) the TCEH Supporting First Lien Creditors; (ii) the TCEH Debtors; and (iii) the Plan Sponsor (each acting in their sole reasonable discretion).  
  375.       Spin-Off     Intended Tax Treatment    means (a) the qualification of the Contribution, the Reorganized TCEH Conversion and the Distribution as a  reorganization  within the meaning of sections 368(a)(1)(G), 355, and 356 of the Internal Revenue Code, and (b) the qualification of the contribution described in clause (a) of the definition of the Spin-Off Preferred Stock Sale as a taxable sale of assets to the Preferred Stock Entity pursuant to section 1001 of the Internal Revenue Code resulting in the Basis Step-Up. 
  376.       Spin-Off Preferred Stock Sale    means, as part of the Spin-Off:  (a) following the Preferred Stock Entity Conversion, but before the Reorganized TCEH Conversion, the contribution by Reorganized TCEH of the equity in the Contributed TCEH Debtors (or, potentially, certain assets or joint interests in certain TCEH Assets as agreed upon by EFH Corp. and the TCEH Supporting First Lien Creditors, in accordance with the Plan Support Agreement, as applicable), to the Preferred Stock Entity (such contribution to the Preferred Stock Entity of such equity and, potentially such assets, in an amount that is expected to result in the Basis Step-Up) in exchange for the Preferred Stock Entity s (i) common stock and (ii) the Reorganized TCEH Sub Preferred Stock; (b) immediately thereafter, and  

Exhibit 2(b) 

pursuant to a prearranged and binding agreement, the sale by Reorganized TCEH of all of the Reorganized TCEH Sub Preferred Stock to one or more third party investors in exchange for Cash;   provided  ,   however  , that Holders of TCEH First Lien Claims shall not be permitted to purchase the Reorganized TCEH Sub Preferred Stock; and (c) the distribution of such Cash by Reorganized TCEH to TCEH to fund recoveries under the Plan. 
  377.       Spin-Off     Tax Receivable Agreement    means   the tax receivable agreement or similar arrangement, if any,     under which Reorganized TCEH (or one or more of its subsidiaries) shall agree to make payments in respect of Reorganized TCEH s (or its subsidiaries ) specified tax items  ,     to be entered into, at the TCEH Supporting First Lien Creditors  election, on the TCEH Effective Date immediately following the Spin-Off, by Reorganized TCEH (or one or more of its subsidiaries), the material terms and conditions of which shall be (a) as proposed by the TCEH Supporting First Lien Creditors (subject to any modifications as consented to by the TCEH First Lien Creditors and the TCEH Debtors, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned) and (b) included in the Plan Supplement. 
  378.       Spin-Off TRA Rights    means   the rights to receive payments under (and otherwise share in the benefits of) the Spin-Off Tax Receivable Agreement (if any), whether such rights are structured as a separate instrument issued by Reorganized TCEH (or one or more of its subsidiaries) pursuant to the Spin-Off Tax Receivable Agreement, an equity interest in an entity that is a party to the Spin-Off Tax Receivable Agreement, or otherwise. 
  379.        Standing Motions    means, collectively:  (a) the TCEH Committee Standing Motion; (b) the TCEH Unsecured Group Standing Motion; and (c) the EFH/EFIH Committee Standing Motion. 
  380.       Supplemental Rulings    means  Supplemental Rulings,  as such term is defined in the Merger Agreement. 
  381.       Taxable Separation    means the transactions required or advisable to cause the TCEH Debtors to directly or indirectly transfer all of its assets to Reorganized TCEH (or one or more of its subsidiaries) in a transaction that will be treated as a taxable sale or exchange pursuant to section 1001 of the Internal Revenue Code and not (in whole or in part) as a tax-free transaction (under section 368 of the Internal Revenue Code or otherwise), which may include such steps as (a) the formation of Reorganized TCEH and one or more subsidiaries by a designee of the TCEH Supporting First Lien Creditors; (b) subject to clause (c), the transfer of TCEH s assets to an indirect subsidiary of Reorganized TCEH in exchange for Claims transferred to such indirect subsidiary; (c) the transfer of a portion of the TCEH Debtors  assets to an indirect subsidiary of Reorganized TCEH in exchange for preferred stock of Reorganized TCEH (or one or more of its subsidiaries), subject to a pre-existing binding commitment to sell such preferred stock to third-party investors for cash; and/or (d) any other reasonable methodology proposed by the TCEH Supporting First Lien Creditors.   The Taxable Separation shall be in form and substance as proposed by the TCEH Supporting First Lien Creditors (subject to any modifications as consented to by the TCEH Supporting First Lien Creditors and the Debtors, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned) and shall be described in more detail in the Taxable Separation Memorandum. 
  382.       Taxable Separation Memorandum    means the restructuring steps memorandum describing the Taxable Separation, which shall be acceptable in form and substance to the TCEH Supporting First Lien Creditors and included in the Plan Supplement.  
  383.       Taxable Separation     Tax Receivable Agreement    means   the tax receivable agreement or similar arrangement, if any,     under which Reorganized TCEH (or one or more of its subsidiaries) shall agree to make payments in respect of Reorganized TCEH s (or its subsidiaries ) specified tax items  ,     to be entered into, at the request of the TCEH Supporting First Lien Creditors, on the TCEH Effective Date, the material terms and conditions of which shall be (i) as proposed by the TCEH Supporting First Lien Creditors (subject to any modifications as consented to by the TCEH First Lien Creditors and the TCEH Debtors, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned), and (ii) included in the Plan Supplement. 
  384.       Taxable Separation     TRA Rights    means   the rights to receive payments under (and otherwise share in the benefits of) the Taxable Separation Tax Receivable Agreement (if any), whether such rights are structured as a  

Exhibit 2(b) 

separate instrument issued by     Reorganized   TCEH     (or one or more of its subsidiaries)  , an equity interest in an entity that is a party to the     Taxable Separation Tax Receivable Agreement  , or otherwise. 
  385.       Tax and Interest Makewhole Agreements    means, collectively:  (a) that certain Tax Make-Whole Agreement, dated as of January 1, 2002, by and among Oncor Electric and TXU Generation Company LP; (b) that certain Interest Make-Whole Agreement, dated as of January 1, 2002, by and among Oncor Electric and TXU Generation Company LP; and (c) that certain Interest Make Whole Agreement, dated as of January 1, 2004, by and among TXU Electric Delivery Company and TXU Generation Company LP. 
  386.       Taxing Units    means Sommervell County, Sommervelle County Water Improvement District, Glen Rose ISD, Sommervelle Hospital District, Nolan County, Wes Texas Groundwater, Nolan County Hospital District, Sweetwater ISD, City of Sweetwater, and Blackwell ISD. 
  387.       Tax Matters Agreement    means the tax matters agreement to be entered into on or prior to the TCEH Effective Date by and among EFH Corp., Reorganized TCEH, EFIH, EFIH Finance, and Merger Sub, effective upon the Distribution, which shall govern the rights and obligations of each party with respect to certain tax matters, which agreement shall be in form and substance acceptable to the Debtors, the TCEH Supporting First Lien Creditors, and the Plan Sponsor;   provided  , that the form of Tax Matters Agreement filed on August 16, 2016 [Docket No. 9305] (along with any amendments thereto agreed upon by the Debtors, the TCEH Supporting First Lien Creditors, and the Plan Sponsor) shall be deemed to be in form and substance acceptable to the Debtors, the TCEH Supporting First Lien Creditors, and the Plan Sponsor. 
  388.       Tax Sharing Agreements    means, collectively:  (a) the Competitive Tax Sharing Agreement; (b) any formal or informal, written or unwritten tax sharing agreement among substantially the same parties that are parties to the Competitive Tax Sharing Agreement; and (c) the Oncor Tax Sharing Agreement. 
  389.       TCEH    means Texas Competitive Electric Holdings Company LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.  
  390.       TCEH 2012 Incremental Term Loans    means the TCEH First Lien Claims deemed to have been incurred pursuant to Section 1 of the Incremental Amendment Agreement. 
  391.       TCEH 2015 Note Indenture    means that certain Indenture, as amended or supplemented from time to time, for the TCEH 2015 Notes, dated as of October 31, 2007, by and among TCEH and TCEH Finance, Inc., as the issuers; EFCH and certain TCEH subsidiaries as guarantors; and the TCEH Unsecured Notes Trustee. 
  392.       TCEH 2015 Notes    means the 10.25% fixed senior notes due November 1, 2015, issued by TCEH and TCEH Finance pursuant to the TCEH 2015 Note Indenture. 
  393.       TCEH Assumed Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases    means those Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases to be assumed by the Reorganized TCEH Debtors, including as set forth on the TCEH Assumed Executory Contract and Unexpired Lease List. 
  394.       TCEH Assumed Executory Contract and Unexpired Lease List    means the list of Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases to be assumed (with proposed cure amounts), as determined by the Debtors or the Reorganized Debtors in consultation with the Plan Sponsor and the TCEH Supporting First Lien Creditors, as applicable, as reflected in the Original Plan Supplement, and as may be further amended or modified by inclusion in the Plan Supplement. 
  395.       TCEH Assets    means, collectively:  (a) all of TCEH s interests in its subsidiaries (excluding the stock of TCEH Finance) and (b) (i) all of the EFH Debtors  equity interests in the EFH Shared Services Debtors, EFH Properties Company, and Basic Resources, Inc. and (ii) the Acquired TCEH Assets identified in the Separation Agreement. 

Exhibit 2(b) 

396.       TCEH Cash Payment    means $550,000,000.00 less (i) the Settlement Agreement Professional Fees; (ii) (a) the EFH Committee Settlement Payment Amount, if known as of the TCEH Effective Date or (b) if the EFH Committee Settlement Payment Amount is not known as of the TCEH Effective Date, $9,450,000 placed in the EFH Committee Settlement Escrow; and (iii) the EPA Settlement Amount. 
  397.       TCEH Committee    means the statutory committee of unsecured creditors of the TCEH Debtors and EFH Corporate Services appointed in the Chapter 11 Cases pursuant to section 1102 of the Bankruptcy Code by the U.S. Trustee on May 13, 2014, the membership of which may be reconstituted from time to time. 
  398.       TCEH Committee Litigation Letters    means those certain letters, dated as of March 31, 2015 and April 30, 2015, from the TCEH Committee to the Debtors identifying alleged Claims and Causes of Action that the TCEH Committee may seek standing to pursue.  
  399.       TCEH Committee Standing Motion    means the   Motion of Official Committee of TCEH Unsecured Creditors for Entry of an Order Granting Exclusive Standing and Authority to Commence, Prosecute, and Settle Certain Claims for Declaratory Judgment, Avoidance and Recovery of Liens, Security Interests, Obligations, Fees, and Interest Payments, and Disallowance of Claims   [D.I. 3593]. 
  400.       TCEH Confirmation Date    means the date upon which the Bankruptcy Court enters the TCEH Confirmation Order on the docket of the Chapter 11 Cases, within the meaning of Bankruptcy Rules 5003 and 9021. 
  401.       TCEH Confirmation Order    means the order of the Bankruptcy Court confirming the Plan with respect to the TCEH Debtors and the EFH Shared Services Debtors pursuant to section 1129 of the Bankruptcy Code, which shall be in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the TCEH DIP Agent and the TCEH Supporting First Lien Creditors. 
  402.       TCEH Credit Agreement    means the Credit Agreement, dated as of October 10, 2007, as amended, by and among TCEH, as borrower, EFCH and certain TCEH subsidiaries, as guarantors, the lending institutions party from time to time thereto, the TCEH First Lien Agent, and the other parties thereto. 
  403.       TCEH Credit Agreement Claim    means any Claims derived from or based upon the TCEH Credit Agreement, including the term loan, revolver, letter of credit, and commodity collateral posting facilities, and guaranty Claims with respect to EFCH.      
  404.       TCEH Credit Amendment    means that certain Amendment No. 2 to the TCEH Credit Agreement, dated as of April 7, 2011, among TCEH, as borrower, EFCH, the undersigned lenders party to the TCEH Credit Agreement, Citibank, N.A., as administrative and collateral agent, and Citigroup Global Markets Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, Goldman Sachs Credit Partners L.P., and Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., as amendment arrangers. 
  405.       TCEH Debtor Intercompany Claim    means, collectively:  (a) any Claim by a TCEH Debtor against another TCEH Debtor; and (b) any Claim derived from or based upon the Repurchased PCRBs. 
  406.       TCEH Debtors    means, collectively:  (a) EFCH; (b) TCEH; and (c) TCEH s directly and indirectly owned subsidiaries listed on   Exhibit A   to the Plan. 
  407.       TCEH Deficiency Recipient Claims    means, collectively:  (a) the TCEH Unsecured Note Claims; (b) the TCEH Second Lien Note Claims; (c) the Allowed General Unsecured Claims Against the TCEH Debtors Other Than EFCH; and (d) the PCRB Claims. 
  408.       TCEH DIP Agent    means Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch, or its duly appointed successor, in its capacity as administrative agent and collateral agent for the TCEH DIP Facility. 

Exhibit 2(b) 

409.       TCEH DIP Claim    means any Claim held by the TCEH DIP Agent or TCEH DIP Lenders arising under or related to the TCEH DIP Facility, including all principal, interest, default interest, commitment fees, exit fees, expenses, costs, and other charges provided for thereunder. 
  410.       TCEH DIP Collateral    means the  DIP Collateral,  as defined in the TCEH DIP Order. 
  411.       TCEH DIP Contingent Obligations    means the  Contingent Obligations,  as defined in the TCEH DIP Credit Agreement, including any and all expense reimbursement obligations of the Debtors that are contingent as of the TCEH Effective Date. 
  412.       TCEH DIP Credit Agreement    means the Senior Secured Superpriority Debtor-in-Possession Credit Agreement, dated as of August 4, 2016, as amended, supplemented, or modified from time to time, among EFCH, TCEH, the banks, financial institutions, and other lenders from time to time party thereto, the TCEH DIP Agent, and the other agents and entities party thereto, collectively with the  DIP Documents,  as defined in the TCEH DIP Order. 
  413.       TCEH DIP Facility    means the TCEH Debtors  $4.25 billion senior secured superpriority debtor-in-possession financing facility, as evidenced by the TCEH DIP Credit Agreement and approved pursuant to the TCEH DIP Order. 
  414.       TCEH DIP L/C    means any letter of credit issued under the TCEH DIP Credit Agreement.  
  415.       TCEH DIP L/C Issuer    means the issuer of a TCEH DIP L/C.  
  416.       TCEH DIP Lenders    means the TCEH DIP Agent, the TCEH DIP L/C Issuers, and the banks, financial institutions, and other lenders party to the TCEH DIP Credit Agreement from time to time. 
  417.       TCEH DIP Order    means the   Amended Order (A) Approving Postpetition Financing For Texas Competitive Electric Holdings Company LLC and Certain of Its Debtor Affiliates, (B) Granting Liens and Providing Superpriority Administrative Expense Claims, (C) Authorizing Refinancing of Secured Post-Petition Debt, and (D) Modifying the Automatic Stay   [D.I. 8831]. 
  418.       TCEH DIP Secured Cash Management Banks    means the  Secured Cash Management Banks,  as defined in the TCEH DIP Order. 
  419.       TCEH DIP Secured Cash Management Obligations    means the  Secured Cash Management Obligations,  as defined in the TCEH DIP Order. 
  420.       TCEH DIP Secured Hedge Banks    means the  Secured Hedge Banks,  as defined in the TCEH DIP Order. 
  421.       TCEH DIP Secured Hedge Obligations    means the  Secured Hedge Obligations,  as defined in the TCEH DIP Order. 
  422.       TCEH Disclosure Statement    means the   Third Amended Disclosure Statement for the Second Amended Joint Plan of Reorganization of Energy Future Holdings Corp., et al., Pursuant to Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code as it Applies to the TCEH Debtors and EFH Shared Services Debtors  , dated June 16, 2016 [D.I. 8747]. 
  423.       TCEH Disclosure Statement Order    means the   Order (A) Approving the Disclosure Statement of the TCEH Debtors and the EFH Shared Services Debtors, (B) Establishing the TCEH Voting Record Date, Voting Deadline, and Other Dates, (C) Approving Procedures for Soliciting, Receiving, and Tabulating Votes on the Plan and for Filing Objections to the Plan as to the TCEH Debtors and the EFH Shared Services Debtors, and (D) Approving the Manner and Forms of Notice and Other Related Documents   [D.I. 8761]. 

Exhibit 2(b) 

424.       TCEH Effective Date    means, with respect to the Plan, unless otherwise agreed to by (a) the TCEH Debtors and EFH Shared Services Debtors, including the TCEH Debtors and EFH Shared Services Debtors acting at the direction of the applicable Disinterested Directors and Managers with respect to Conflict Matters, and (b) the TCEH Supporting First Lien Creditors, the first Business Day after the TCEH Confirmation Date on which:  (i) no stay of the TCEH Confirmation Order is in effect; and (ii) all conditions precedent to the TCEH Effective Date specified in Article IX.C have been satisfied or waived (in accordance with Article IX.E);   provided  ,   however  , that the TCEH Effective Date shall not occur prior to the EFH Effective Date without the prior written consent of the TCEH Supporting First Lien Creditors. 
  425.       TCEH Finance    means TCEH Finance, Inc., a Delaware corporation. 
  426.       TCEH First Lien Ad Hoc Committee    means   the ad hoc committee of certain unaffiliated Holders of TCEH First Lien Claims that is represented by,     inter alia  , Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton   Garrison LLP and Millstein   Co., L.P. 
  427.       TCEH First Lien Administrative Agent    means Wilmington Trust, N.A., solely in its capacity as successor administrative agent to Citibank, N.A. under the TCEH Credit Agreement. 
  428.       TCEH First Lien Agent    means, collectively, the TCEH First Lien Administrative Agent and the TCEH First Lien Collateral Agent and, where applicable, the former administrative agent, the former swingline lender, each former revolving letter of credit issuer, each former and current deposit letter of credit issuer, and the former collateral agent under the TCEH Credit Agreement. 
  429.       TCEH First Lien Claims    means, collectively:  (a) the TCEH Credit Agreement Claims; (b) the TCEH First Lien Note Claims; (c) the TCEH First Lien Interest Rate Swap Claims; and (d) the TCEH First Lien Commodity Hedge Claims. 
  430.       TCEH First Lien Collateral Agent    means Wilmington Trust, N.A., solely in its capacity as successor collateral agent to Citibank, N.A. under the TCEH First Lien Intercreditor Agreement. 
  431.       TCEH First Lien Commodity Hedge Claim    means any Claim derived from or based upon the TCEH First Lien Commodity Hedges. 
  432.       TCEH First Lien Commodity Hedges    means the commodity hedges entered into by TCEH and secured by a first lien on the same collateral as the TCEH Credit Agreement Claims and the TCEH First Lien Note Claims. 
  433.       TCEH First Lien Creditor Adequate Protection Payment Allocation Dispute    means the issue raised by the TCEH First Lien Notes Trustee and/or certain Holders of TCEH First Lien Note Claims that, pursuant to section 510(a) of the Bankruptcy Code or otherwise pursuant to applicable law, the Adequate Protection Payments (as defined in the Cash Collateral Order) under the Cash Collateral Order must be allocated among the Holders of TCEH First Lien Claims pursuant to the Postpetition Interest Allocation Calculation (as defined in the Cash Collateral Order);   provided  ,   however  , that nothing in this definition shall limit any claims or defenses to such issue. 
  434.       TCEH First Lien Creditor Adequate Protection Payment Allocation Order    means a Final Order resolving with prejudice the TCEH First Lien Creditor Adequate Protection Payment Allocation Dispute. 
  435.       TCEH First Lien Creditor Allocation Disputes    means, collectively:  (a) the TCEH First Lien Creditor Adequate Protection Payment Allocation Dispute; and (b) the TCEH First Lien Creditor Plan Distribution Allocation Dispute.  For the avoidance of doubt, the TCEH First Lien Creditor Allocation Disputes shall not include the TCEH First Lien Creditor Deposit L/C Collateral Allocation Dispute. 
  436.       TCEH First Lien Creditor Deposit L/C Collateral Allocation Dispute    means the issues raised in the action captioned Marathon Asset Management, LP, v. Wilmington Trust, N.A., (Index No. 651669/2015), that was  

Exhibit 2(b) 

originally filed by Marathon Asset Management, LP in New York State Supreme Court on May 14, 2015, or any successor action, adversary proceeding, contested matter, or other litigation proceeding in which any claim or Cause of Action is asserted that the Holders of Deposit L/C Loans (as defined in the TCEH Credit Agreement) have a priority security interest, as compared to other Holders of TCEH First Lien Secured Claims, in certain cash deposited in the Deposit L/C Loan Collateral Account (as defined in the TCEH Credit Agreement);   provided  ,   however  , that nothing in this definition shall limit any claims or defenses to such issues. 
  437.       TCEH First Lien Creditor Distributions    means any and all of the distributions set forth in Article III.B.29(c). 
  438.       TCEH First Lien Creditor Petition Date Allocated Claim Amounts    means the Allowed amounts of such Claims as of the Petition Date as set forth in the Plan. 
  439.       TCEH First Lien Creditor Plan Distribution Allocation Dispute    means the issue raised by the TCEH First Lien Notes Trustee and/or certain Holders of TCEH First Lien Note Claims that, pursuant to section 510(a) of the Bankruptcy Code or otherwise pursuant to applicable law, the TCEH First Lien Creditor Distributions should be allocated among the Holders of TCEH First Lien Claims on a basis other than Pro Rata based upon the Allowed amounts of such Claims as of the Petition Date;   provided  ,   however  , that nothing in this definition shall limit any claims or defenses to such issue.  
  440.       TCEH First Lien Creditor Plan Distribution Allocation Order    means a Final Order resolving with prejudice the TCEH First Lien Creditor Plan Distribution Allocation Dispute, which allocations may be based on the TCEH First Lien Creditor Petition Date Allocated Claim Amounts, the TCEH First Lien Creditor Postpetition Interest Allocated Claim Amounts, or as otherwise provided in such Final Order. 
  441.       TCEH First Lien Creditor Postpetition Interest Allocated Claim Amounts    means the Allowed amounts of such Claims plus postpetition interest calculated at the rate set forth in each of the applicable governing contracts from the Petition Date until the TCEH Effective Date. 
  442.       TCEH First Lien Deficiency Claim    means any TCEH First Lien Claim that is not a TCEH First Lien Secured Claim. 
  443.        TCEH First Lien Intercreditor Agreement    means that certain Amended and Restated Collateral Agency and Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of October 10, 2007, as amended and restated from time to time, by and among TCEH, EFCH, the TCEH First Lien Agent, and the other parties thereto. 
  444.        TCEH First Lien Interest Rate Swap Claim    means any Claim derived from or based upon the TCEH First Lien Interest Rate Swaps. 
  445.       TCEH First Lien Interest Rate Swaps    means the interest rate swaps entered into by TCEH and secured by a first lien on the same collateral as the TCEH Credit Agreement Claims and the TCEH First Lien Note Claims. 
  446.       TCEH First Lien Note Claim    means any Claim derived from or based upon the TCEH First Lien Notes, excluding any Claim derived from or based upon the TCEH First Lien Notes held by EFH Corp. 
  447.       TCEH First Lien Note Indenture    means that certain Indenture, as amended or supplemented from time to time, dated April 19, 2011, among TCEH and TCEH Finance, as issuers, EFCH and certain of TCEH s subsidiaries, as guarantors, and the TCEH First Lien Notes Trustee. 
  448.       TCEH First Lien Note Intercreditor Action    means the action captioned   Delaware Trust Company   v.   Wilmington Trust, N.A.   (Index No. 650792/2015), that was originally filed by the TCEH First Lien Notes Trustee in New York State Supreme Court on March 13, 2015, and any successor action, adversary proceeding, contested matter, or other litigation proceeding in which any claim or Cause of Action is asserted that property or assets distributed  

Exhibit 2(b) 

to Holders of TCEH First Lien Claims should be allocated among such Holders taking into account the accrual of postpetition interest on such claims despite the fact that pursuant to section 502(b) of the Bankruptcy Code interest ceased to accrue against the Debtors on the TCEH First Lien Claims as of the Petition Date;   provided  ,   however  , that nothing in this definition shall limit any claims or defenses to such arguments.    
  449.       TCEH First Lien Notes    means the 11.50% fixed senior secured notes due October 1, 2020, issued by TCEH and TCEH Finance pursuant to the TCEH First Lien Note Indenture. 
  450.       TCEH First Lien Notes Trustee    means Delaware Trust Company, as successor trustee to BNY. 
  451.       TCEH First Lien Secured Claim    means any TCEH First Lien Claim that is Secured. 
  452.       TCEH Intercompany Notes    means, collectively: (a) that certain intercompany promissory note for principal and interest payments, dated as of October 10, 2007, as amended and restated, by and among EFH Corp., as maker, and TCEH, as payee; (b) that certain intercompany promissory note for SG A, dated as of October 10, 2007, as amended and restated, by and among EFH Corp., as maker, and TCEH, as payee; and (c) that certain intercompany promissory note, dated as of February 22, 2010, as amended and restated, by and among TCEH, as maker, and EFH Corp., as payee. 
  453.       TCEH L/C    means any letter of credit issued under the TCEH Credit Agreement.  
  454.       TCEH L/C Issuer    means the issuer of a TCEH L/C. 
  455.       TCEH Professional Fee Escrow Account    means an escrow account established and funded pursuant to Article II.A.2(b) of the Plan for Professional Fee Claims allocated to the TCEH Debtors or the Reorganized TCEH Debtors pursuant to pursuant to Article II.A.2(d) of the Plan. 
  456.       TCEH Professional Fee Reserve Amount    means the total amount of Professional Fee Claims estimated to be allocated to the TCEH Debtors or the Reorganized TCEH Debtors in accordance with Article II.A.2(c) of the Plan.   
  457.        TCEH Rejected Executory Contract and Unexpired Lease List    means the list of Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases to be rejected pursuant to the Plan, as determined by the TCEH Debtors or the Reorganized TCEH Debtors with the consent of the TCEH Supporting First Lien Creditors, as reflected in the Original Plan Supplement and as may be further amended or modified by inclusion in the Plan Supplement. 
  458.       TCEH Second Lien Consortium    means that certain Ad Hoc Consortium of Holders of TCEH Second Lien Notes. 
  459.       TCEH Second Lien Intercreditor Agreement    means that certain Second Lien Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of October 6, 2010, as amended and restated from time to time, by and among TCEH, EFCH, the TCEH First Lien Agent, the TCEH Second Lien Notes Trustee, and the other parties thereto. 
  460.       TCEH Second Lien Note Claim    means any Claim derived from or based upon the TCEH Second Lien Notes. 
  461.       TCEH Second Lien Note Indenture    means that certain Indenture, as amended or supplemented from time to time, dated October 6, 2010, by and among TCEH and TCEH Finance, as issuers, EFCH and certain of TCEH s subsidiaries, as guarantors, the TCEH Second Lien Notes Trustee, and the TCEH Second Lien Notes Collateral Agent. 
  462.       TCEH Second Lien Notes    means the 15.0% fixed senior secured second lien notes and the 15.0% fixed senior secured second lien notes, Series B, due April 1, 2021, issued by TCEH and TCEH Finance pursuant to the TCEH Second Lien Note Indenture. 

Exhibit 2(b) 

463.       TCEH Second Lien Notes Collateral Agent    means BNYMTC, as collateral agent. 
  464.       TCEH Second Lien Notes Trustee    means Wilmington Savings Fund Society, as successor trustee to BNY.  
  465.       TCEH Senior Toggle Notes    means the 10.50%/11.25% senior toggle notes due November 1, 2016, issued by TCEH and TCEH Finance pursuant to the TCEH Senior Toggle Note Indenture. 
  466.       TCEH Senior Toggle Note Indenture    means that certain Indenture, as amended or supplemented from time to time, dated December 6, 2007, by and among TCEH and TCEH Finance, Inc., as issuers, EFCH and certain TCEH subsidiaries, as guarantors, and the TCEH Unsecured Notes Trustee. 
  467.       TCEH Settlement Claim    means the Unsecured Claim of TCEH against EFH Corp. Allowed in the amount of $700 million pursuant to the Settlement Agreement. 
  468.       TCEH Settlement Claim Turnover Distributions    means the recovery, proceeds, or distributions, if any, that TCEH receives on account of the TCEH Settlement Claim and that it is required to assign or otherwise turn over to Holders of EFH Beneficiary Claims pursuant to the terms and conditions of Section 4 of the EFH/EFIH Committee Settlement.  The TCEH Settlement Claim Turnover Distributions shall not exceed, in the aggregate, $37.8 million.   
  469.       TCEH Supporting First Lien Creditors    means those Holders of TCEH First Lien Claims that are members of the TCEH First Lien Ad Hoc Committee and that are parties to the Plan Support Agreement (which shall not include the TCEH First Lien Agent);   provided   that where consent, waiver, or approval of the TCEH Supporting First Lien Creditors is required under the Plan, the TCEH Supporting First Lien Creditors shall mean at least five unaffiliated TCEH Supporting First Lien Creditors holding in the aggregate at least 50.1% in aggregate principal amount of TCEH First Lien Claims held by all TCEH Supporting First Lien Creditors. 
  470.       TCEH Supporting Second Lien Creditors    means those Holders of TCEH Second Lien Note Claims party to the Plan Support Agreement. 
  471.       TCEH Supporting Unsecured Creditors    means those Holders of TCEH Unsecured Note Claims party to the Plan Support Agreement. 
  472.       TCEH Unsecured Ad Hoc Group    means that certain Ad Hoc Group of TCEH Unsecured Noteholders made up of Holders of TCEH Unsecured Notes. 
  473.       TCEH Unsecured Debt Claims    means, collectively:  (a) the TCEH First Lien Deficiency Claims; (b) the TCEH Second Lien Note Claims; (c) the TCEH Unsecured Note Claims; and (d) the PCRB Claims. 
  474.       TCEH Unsecured Group Litigation Letter    means that certain letter, dated as of April 30, 2015, from the TCEH Unsecured Ad Hoc Group to the Debtors identifying Claims and Causes of Action that the TCEH Unsecured Ad Hoc Group may seek standing to pursue.  
  475.       TCEH Unsecured Group Standing Motion    means the   Motion of the Ad Hoc Group of TCEH Unsecured Noteholders for Entry of an Order Granting Standing and Authority to Commence, Prosecute, and Settle Certain Claims for Declaratory Judgment, Avoidance and Recovery of Liens, Security Interests, Obligations, Fees, and Interest Payments, and Disallowance of Claims   [D.I. 3603]. 
  476.       TCEH Unsecured Note Claim    means any Claim derived from or based upon the TCEH Unsecured Notes, excluding any Claim derived from or based upon the TCEH Unsecured Notes held by EFH Corp. or EFIH. 
  477.       TCEH Unsecured Notes    means, collectively:  (a) the TCEH 2015 Notes; and (b) the TCEH Senior Toggle Notes. 

Exhibit 2(b) 

478.       TCEH Unsecured Notes Trustee    means Law Debenture Trust Company of New York, as successor trustee to BNY.  
  479.       TEF    means Texas Energy Future Capital Holdings LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and the general partner of Texas Holdings.  
  480.       Terminated Restructuring Support Agreement    means that certain Restructuring Support and Lock-Up Agreement, dated as of April 29, 2014, by and among EFH Corp, EFIH, EFH Corporate Services, EFIH Finance, the TCEH Debtors, and certain Holders of Claims and Interests, including all exhibits and schedules attached thereto, and terminated as of July 24, 2014 [D.I. 1697]. 
  481.       Tex-La    means the Tex-La Electric Cooperative of Texas, Inc. 
  482.       Tex-La 2019 Obligations    means the payment obligations of EFCH under the terms of the Tex La Assumption Agreement with respect to the 9.58% fixed notes due 2019 issued by Tex-La in the outstanding principal amount of $35 million.  
  483.       Tex-La 2021 Obligations    means the payment obligations of EFCH under the terms of the Tex La Assumption Agreement with respect to the 8.254% fixed notes due 2021 issued by Tex-La in the outstanding principal amount of $37 million.  
  484.       Tex-La Assumption Agreement    means that certain Assumption Agreement, dated February 1, 1990 by and among EFCH, Tex-La, and the U.S. acting through the Administrator of the Rural Utilities Service, whereby EFCH agreed to assume certain outstanding indebtedness of Tex-La that is guaranteed by the Rural Utilities Service. 
  485.       Tex-La Guaranty Claim    means any Claim against EFH Corp. derived from or based upon the Tex-La Obligations. 
  486.       Tex-La Obligations    means, collectively:  (a) the Tex-La 2019 Obligations; and (b) the Tex-La 2020 Obligations. 
  487.       Texas Holdings    means Texas Energy Future Holdings Limited Partnership, a Texas limited partnership, which holds substantially all of the outstanding Interests in EFH Corp. 
  488.       TRA Information Form    means the information form that Holders of Allowed TCEH First Lien Secured Claims must complete and timely submit to receive the Spin-Off TRA Rights (if any) or the Taxable Separation TRA Rights (if any), as applicable, which shall be reasonably acceptable in form and substance to the TCEH Supporting First Lien Creditors and included in the Plan Supplement. 
  489.       Transaction Agreements    means, collectively, (a) the Merger Agreement; (b) the New Reorganized TCEH Debt Documents; (c) the Tax Matters Agreement; (d) the Transition Services Agreement; (e) the Separation Agreement; (f) the Taxable Separation Tax Receivable Agreement (if any); (g) the Spin-Off Tax Receivable Agreement (if any); (h) the Amended and Restated Split Participant Agreement; and (i) related agreements and commitment letters. 
  490.       Transition Services Agreement    means the transition services agreement, if any, to be entered into between Reorganized TCEH and EFH Corp on or before the TCEH Effective Date, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to each of the parties thereto, the Plan Sponsor, and the TCEH Supporting First Lien Creditors, as applicable, addressing the Shared Services and any other transition services reasonably necessary to the continued operation of Reorganized EFIH, Reorganized EFH (or EFH Corp., as applicable), and Oncor, which shall be included in the Plan Supplement. 
  491.       TTI    means Texas Transmission Investment LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 

Exhibit 2(b) 

492.       Unexpired Lease    means a lease to which one or more of the Debtors is a party that is subject to assumption or rejection under section 365 of the Bankruptcy Code. 
  493.       Unimpaired    means, with respect to a Class of Claims or Interests, a Class of Claims or Interests that is unimpaired within the meaning of section 1124 of the Bankruptcy Code. 
  494.       U.S.    means the United States of America. 
  495.       U.S. Trustee    means the Office of the U.S. Trustee for Region 3. 
  496.       Unsecured Claim    means any Claim that is not a Secured Claim. 
   
           B. 
    Rules of Interpretation. 
     For the purposes of the Plan: 
  (1) in the appropriate context, each term, whether stated in the singular or the plural, shall include both the singular and the plural, and pronouns stated in the masculine, feminine, or neuter gender shall include the masculine, feminine, and the neuter gender;  
  (2) unless otherwise specified, any reference herein to a contract, lease, instrument, release, indenture, or other agreement or document being in a particular form or on particular terms and conditions means that the referenced  

Exhibit 2(b) 

document shall be substantially in that form or substantially on those terms and conditions;   provided   that no document shall be deemed to be substantially in such form or substantially on such terms if any variation from such terms has any substantive legal or economic effect on any party; 
  (3) unless otherwise specified, any reference herein to an existing document, schedule, or exhibit, whether or not Filed, having been Filed or to be Filed shall mean that document, schedule, or exhibit, as it may thereafter be amended, modified, or supplemented;   provided   that any such amendment, modification, or supplement is made in accordance with the terms of the Plan and the terms governing any applicable document, schedule, or exhibit, including any consent right in favor of the Plan Sponsor, the TCEH Supporting First Lien Creditors, the EFH Debtors, the Reorganized EFH Debtors, the EFIH Debtors or the Reorganized EFIH Debtors. 
  (4) any reference to an Entity as a Holder of a Claim or Interest includes that Entity s successors and assigns;  
  (5) unless otherwise specified, all references herein to  Articles  are references to Articles hereof or hereto;  
  (6) unless otherwise specified, all references herein to exhibits are references to exhibits in the Plan Supplement;  
  (7) unless otherwise specified, the words  herein,   hereof,  and  hereto  refer to the Plan in its entirety rather than to a particular portion of the Plan;  
  (8) subject to the provisions of any contract, certificate of incorporation, or similar formation document or agreement, by-law, instrument, release, or other agreement or document entered into in connection with the Plan, the rights and obligations arising pursuant to the Plan shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with the applicable federal law, including the Bankruptcy Code and Bankruptcy Rules;  
  (9) captions and headings to Articles are inserted for convenience of reference only and are not intended to be a part of or to affect the interpretation of the Plan;  
  (10) unless otherwise specified herein, the rules of construction set forth in section 102 of the Bankruptcy Code shall apply;  
  (11) any term used in capitalized form herein that is not otherwise defined but that is used in the Bankruptcy Code or the Bankruptcy Rules shall have the meaning assigned to that term in the Bankruptcy Code or the Bankruptcy Rules, as the case may be;  
  (12) all references to docket numbers of documents Filed in the Chapter 11 Cases are references to the docket numbers under the Bankruptcy Court s CM/ECF system;  
  (13) all references to statutes, regulations, orders, rules of courts, and the like shall mean as amended from time to time, and as applicable to the Chapter 11 Cases, unless otherwise stated; 
  (14) any immaterial effectuating provisions may be interpreted by the Reorganized Debtors in such a manner that is consistent with the overall purpose and intent of the Plan all without further notice to or action, order, or approval of the Bankruptcy Court or any other Entity;   provided, however  , that no effectuating provision shall be immaterial or deemed immaterial if it has any substantive legal or economic effect on any party; 
  (15) except as otherwise specifically provided in the Plan to the contrary, references in the Plan to the Debtors or to the Reorganized Debtors shall mean the Debtors and the Reorganized Debtors, as applicable, to the extent the context requires. 
   
           C. 
    Computation of Time. 
     Unless otherwise specifically stated herein, the provisions of Bankruptcy Rule 9006(a) shall apply in computing any period of time prescribed or allowed herein.  If the date on which a transaction may occur pursuant to the Plan  

Exhibit 2(b) 

shall occur on a day that is not a Business Day, then such transaction shall instead occur on the next succeeding Business Day.  Except as otherwise provided herein, in the Merger Agreement, or in the New EFH/EFIH Plan Support Agreement, any action to be taken on the Effective Date may be taken on or as soon as reasonably practicable after the Effective Date. 
   
           D. 
    Governing Law. 
     Unless a rule of law or procedure is supplied by federal law (including the Bankruptcy Code and Bankruptcy Rules) or unless otherwise specifically stated, the laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to the principles of conflict of laws, shall govern the rights, obligations, construction, and implementation of the Plan, any agreements, documents, instruments, or contracts executed or entered into in connection with the Plan (except as otherwise set forth in those agreements, in which case the governing law of such agreement shall control);   provided  ,   however  , that corporate governance matters relating to the Debtors or the Reorganized Debtors, as applicable, shall be governed by the laws of the state of incorporation or formation of the relevant Debtor or Reorganized Debtor, as applicable. 
   
           E. 
    Reference to Monetary Figures. 
     All references in the Plan to monetary figures shall refer to currency of the U.S., unless otherwise expressly provided. 
   
  ARTICLE II.          ADMINISTRATIVE CLAIMS, DIP CLAIMS, AND PRIORITY TAX CLAIMS 
  In accordance with section 1123(a)(1) of the Bankruptcy Code, Administrative Claims, DIP Claims, and Priority Tax Claims have not been classified and, thus, are excluded from the Classes of Claims and Interests. 
   
           A. 
    Administrative Claims. 
     1.        General Administrative Claims. 
  Except as specified in this Article II, unless the Holder of an Allowed General Administrative Claim and the Debtors or the Reorganized Debtors, as applicable, agree to less favorable treatment, each Holder of an Allowed General Administrative Claim will receive, in full satisfaction of its General Administrative Claim, Cash equal to the amount of such Allowed General Administrative Claim either:  (a) on the Effective Date; (b) if the General Administrative Claim is not Allowed as of the Effective Date, 60 days after the date on which an order allowing such General Administrative Claim becomes a Final Order, or as soon thereafter as reasonably practicable; or (c) if the Allowed General Administrative Claim is based on a liability incurred by the Debtors in the ordinary course of their business after the Petition Date, pursuant to the terms and conditions of the particular transaction or agreement giving rise to such Allowed General Administrative Claim, without any further action by the Holders of such Allowed General Administrative Claim, and without any further notice to or action, order, or approval of the Bankruptcy Court.   
  Requests for payment of General Administrative Claims must be Filed and served on the Debtors or the Reorganized Debtors, as applicable, no later than the Administrative Claims Bar Date applicable to the Debtor against whom the General Administrative Claim is asserted pursuant to the procedures specified in the Confirmation Order and the notice of the Effective Date.  Holders of General Administrative Claims that are required to File and serve a request for payment of such General Administrative Claims by the Administrative Claims Bar Date that do not File and serve such a request by the Administrative Claims Bar Date shall be forever barred, estopped, and enjoined from asserting such General Administrative Claims against the Debtors, the Reorganized Debtors, or their respective property and such General Administrative Claims shall be deemed forever discharged and released as of the Effective Date.  Any requests for payment of General Administrative Claims that are not properly Filed and served by the Administrative Claims Bar Date shall not appear on the Claims Register and shall be disallowed automatically without the need for further action by the Debtors or the Reorganized Debtors or further order of the Bankruptcy Court.  To the extent this Article II.A.1 conflicts with Article XII.C of the Plan with respect to fees and expenses payable under section 1930(a) of the Judicial Code, including fees and expenses payable to the U.S. Trustee, Article XII.C of the Plan shall govern. 
  2.        Professional Compensation. 
           (a) 
    Final Fee Applications. 
     All final requests for payment of Professional Fee Claims, including the Professional Fee Claims incurred during the period from the Petition Date through the Effective Date, must be Filed and served on the Debtors or Reorganized Debtors, as applicable, no later than the Administrative Claims Bar Date.  All such final requests will be subject to approval by the Bankruptcy Court after notice and a hearing in accordance with the procedures established by the Bankruptcy Code and prior orders of the Bankruptcy Court in the Chapter 11 Cases, including the Interim Compensation Order, and once approved by the Bankruptcy Court, promptly paid from the Professional Fee Escrow Account up to its full Allowed amount.   
           (b) 
    Professional Fee Escrow Accounts. 
     On the TCEH Effective Date, the Reorganized TCEH Debtors shall establish and fund the TCEH Professional Fee Escrow Account with Cash equal to the TCEH Professional Fee Reserve Amount.  On the EFH Effective Date, the EFH Debtors and the EFIH Debtors shall establish and fund the EFH Professional Fee Escrow Account and the EFIH Professional Fee Escrow Account, respectively, with Cash equal to the EFH Professional Fee Reserve Amount and the EFIH Professional Fee Reserve Amount, respectively.  
  Upon the establishment of the applicable Professional Fee Escrow Account, the Reorganized TCEH Debtors, the EFIH Debtors, and the EFH Debtors shall select a Professional Fee Escrow Agent for the applicable Professional Fee Escrow Account to administer payments to and from such Professional Fee Escrow Account in accordance with the Plan and shall enter into escrow agreements providing for administration of such payments in accordance with the Plan.  
  The Professional Fee Escrow Accounts shall be maintained in trust solely for the Professionals.  Such funds shall not be considered property of the Estates of the Debtors or the Reorganized Debtors.  The amount of Professional Fee Claims owing to the Professionals shall be paid in Cash to such Professionals from the applicable Professional Fee Escrow Account when such Professional Fee Claims are Allowed by a Final Order.   
           (c) 
    Professional Fee Reserve Amount. 
     Professionals shall estimate their unpaid Professional Fee Claims and other unpaid fees and expenses incurred in rendering services to the Debtors before and as of the Effective Date and shall deliver such estimate to the Debtors no later than five days before the Effective Date;   provided  ,   however  , that such estimate shall not be deemed to limit the amount of the fees and expenses that are the subject of the Professional s final request for payment of Filed Professional Fee Claims.  If a Professional does not provide an estimate, the Debtors may estimate the unpaid and unbilled fees and expenses of such Professional.   
  The total amount estimated pursuant to this section shall: (a) as estimated to be allocated to the TCEH Debtors or the Reorganized TCEH Debtors in accordance with Article II.A.2(d) of the Plan, comprise the TCEH Professional Fee Reserve Amount; (b) as estimated to be allocated to the EFH Debtors or the Reorganized EFH Debtors in accordance with Article II.A.2(d) of the Plan, comprise the EFH Professional Fee Reserve Amount; and (c) as estimated to be allocated to the EFIH Debtors or the Reorganized EFH Debtors in accordance with Article II.A.2(d) of the Plan, comprise the EFIH Professional Fee Reserve Amount.   
           (d) 
    Allocation of Professional Fee Claims. 
     Allowed Direct Professional Fee Claims shall be allocated to, and paid from, the applicable Professional Fee Escrow Account.  Allowed Collective Professional Fee Claims shall be allocated to, and paid from, the applicable Professional Fee Escrow Account in the same proportion that the amount of Allowed Direct Professional Fee Claims incurred by such Professional for such Debtor bears to the total amount of Allowed Direct Professional Fee Claims incurred by such Professional for all of the Debtors.   
           (e) 
    Post-Effective Date Fees and Expenses. 
     When all Allowed amounts owing to Professionals have been paid in full from the applicable Professional Fee Escrow Account, any remaining amount in such Professional Fee Escrow Account shall be disbursed as follows without any further action or order of the Bankruptcy Court: (a) from the TCEH Professional Fee Account, to the Reorganized TCEH Debtors; (b) from the EFH Professional Fee Account, to the EFH/EFIH Distribution Account, on account of the EFH Creditor Recovery Pool; and (c) from the EFIH Professional Fee Account, to the EFH/EFIH Distribution Account, on account of the EFIH Unsecured Creditor Recovery Pool.  
  If the amount in any Professional Fee Escrow Account is insufficient to fund payment in full of all Allowed amounts owing to Professionals, the deficiency shall be promptly funded to the applicable Professional Fee Escrow Account as follows without any further action or order of the Bankruptcy Court:  (a) as to the TCEH Debtors or the Reorganized TCEH Debtors, by the Reorganized TCEH Debtors; (b) as to the EFH Debtors, from the EFH/EFIH Distribution Account, on account of the EFH Creditor Recovery Pool; and (c) as to the EFIH Debtors, from the EFH/EFIH Distribution Account, on account of the EFIH Unsecured Creditor Recovery Pool. 
  Upon the Effective Dates, any requirement that Professionals comply with sections 327 through 331, 363, and 1103 of the Bankruptcy Code in seeking retention or compensation for services rendered after such date shall terminate, and the Debtors or Reorganized Debtors may employ and pay any Professional in the ordinary course of business without any further notice to or action, order, or approval of the Bankruptcy Court;   provided, however  , that, for the avoidance of doubt, the Reorganized EFH Debtors and the Reorganized EFIH Debtors shall not be liable or otherwise responsible for the payment of any Professional Fee Claims. 
   
           B. 
    DIP Claims. 
     1.        TCEH DIP Claims. 
  The TCEH DIP Claims shall be Allowed in the full amount due and owing under the TCEH DIP Credit Agreement and TCEH DIP Order, including all principal, interest, default interest, commitment fees, exit fees, expenses, costs, and other charges provided for thereunder.  On the TCEH Effective Date, except to the extent that a Holder of an Allowed TCEH DIP Claim agrees to a less favorable treatment, in full and final satisfaction, settlement, release, and discharge of, each Allowed TCEH DIP Claim, each such Holder shall either (a) receive payment in full in Cash on the TCEH Effective Date; (b) be satisfied by converting such Claims into New Reorganized TCEH Debt on a dollar-for-dollar basis in accordance with the terms of the New Reorganized TCEH Debt Documents; or (c) such other treatment as Reorganized TCEH and the applicable Holder of the TCEH DIP Claim shall agree. 
    
  For the avoidance of doubt, none of the EFH Debtors, Reorganized EFH Debtors, EFIH Debtors, or Reorganized EFIH Debtors shall be obligated in any respect with respect to any TCEH DIP Claims, any TCEH DIP L/C, any TCEH DIP Secured Hedge Obligation, any TCEH DIP Secured Cash Management Obligation, or any TCEH DIP Contingent Obligation. 
    
  2.        EFIH First Lien DIP Claims. 
  The EFIH First Lien DIP Claims shall be Allowed in the full amount due and owing under the EFIH First Lien DIP Credit Agreement, including all principal, accrued and accruing postpetition interest, costs, fees, and expenses.  On the EFH Effective Date, except to the extent that a Holder of an Allowed EFIH First Lien DIP Claim agrees to a less favorable treatment, in full and final satisfaction, settlement, release, and discharge of, each Allowed EFIH First Lien DIP Claim, each such Holder shall receive payment in full in Cash by or on behalf of EFIH on the EFH Effective Date;   provided that: 
           (a) 
    in respect of any EFIH DIP Secured Hedge Obligation that is outstanding on the EFH Effective Date, at the option of Reorganized EFIH, (i) such EFIH DIP Secured Hedge Obligation shall be secured by a first priority Lien on the EFIH First Lien DIP Collateral on terms and conditions as Reorganized EFIH and the applicable EFIH DIP Secured Hedge Bank shall agree, (ii) such EFIH DIP Secured Hedge Obligation shall be repaid in full in Cash on the EFH Effective Date, or (iii) such other treatment shall have been provided with respect to such EFIH DIP Secured Hedge Obligation as Reorganized EFIH and the applicable EFIH DIP Secured Hedge Bank shall agree; 
              (b) 
    in respect of any EFIH DIP Secured Cash Management Obligation that is outstanding on the EFH Effective Date, at the option of Reorganized EFIH, (i) such EFIH DIP Secured Cash Management Obligation shall be secured by a first priority Lien on the EFIH First Lien DIP Collateral on terms and conditions as the Debtors and the applicable EFIH DIP Secured Cash Management Bank shall agree, (ii) such EFIH DIP Secured Cash Management Obligation shall be repaid in full in Cash on the EFH Effective Date, or (iii) such other treatment shall have been provided with respect to such EFIH DIP Secured Cash Management Obligation as Reorganized EFIH and the applicable EFIH DIP Secured Cash Management Bank shall agree; and 
              (c) 
    the EFIH First Lien DIP Contingent Obligations (including any and all expense reimbursement obligations of the EFIH Debtors that are contingent as of the EFH Effective Date) shall survive the EFH Effective Date on an unsecured basis, shall be paid by the applicable Reorganized Debtors as and when due under the EFIH First Lien DIP Credit Agreement, and shall not be discharged or released pursuant to the Plan or the EFH Confirmation Order;   provided   that such surviving EFIH First Lien DIP Contingent Obligations shall not exceed $10 million. 
     For the avoidance of doubt, none of the TCEH Debtors, Reorganized TCEH Debtors, EFH Shared Services Debtors, or Reorganized EFH Shared Services Debtors shall be obligated in any respect with respect to any EFIH First Lien DIP Claims, any EFIH DIP Secured Hedge Obligation, EFIH DIP Secured Cash Management Obligation, or any EFIH First Lien DIP Contingent Obligation. 
   
           C. 
    Priority Tax Claims. 
     Except to the extent that a Holder of an Allowed Priority Tax Claim agrees to a less favorable treatment, in full and final satisfaction, settlement, release, and discharge of and in exchange for each Allowed Priority Tax Claim, each Holder of such Allowed Priority Tax Claim shall be treated in accordance with the terms set forth in section 1129(a)(9)(C) of the Bankruptcy Code and, for the avoidance of doubt, Holders of Allowed Priority Tax Claims will receive interest on such Allowed Priority Tax Claims after the Effective Date in accordance with sections 511 and 1129(a)(9)(C) of the Bankruptcy Code.   
   
  ARTICLE III.          CLASSIFICATION AND TREATMENT OF CLAIMS AND INTERESTS 
   
           A. 
    Classification of Claims and Interests. 
     Claims and Interests, except for Administrative Claims, DIP Claims, and Priority Tax Claims, are classified in the Classes set forth in this Article III.  A Claim or Interest is classified in a particular Class only to the extent that the Claim or Interest qualifies within the description of that Class and is classified in other Classes to the extent that any portion of the Claim or Interest qualifies within the description of such other Classes.  A Claim or Interest also is classified in a particular Class for the purpose of receiving distributions pursuant to the Plan only to the extent that such Claim or Interest is an Allowed Claim or Allowed Interest in that Class and has not been paid, released, or otherwise satisfied before the applicable Effective Date.  The Debtors reserve the right to assert that the treatment provided to Holders of Claims and Interests pursuant to Article III.B of the Plan renders such Holders Unimpaired. 
  1.        Class Identification for the EFH Debtors. 
  The Plan constitutes a separate chapter 11 plan of reorganization for each EFH Debtor, each of which shall include the classifications set forth below.  Subject to Article III.D of the Plan, to the extent that a Class contains Claims or Interests only with respect to one or more particular EFH Debtors, such Class applies solely to such EFH Debtor.   
  The following chart represents the classification of Claims and Interests for each EFH Debtor pursuant to the Plan. 
                     Class 
    Claims and Interests 
    Status 
    Voting Rights 
      Class A1 
    Other Secured Claims Against the EFH Debtors 
    Unimpaired 
    Not Entitled to Vote (Deemed to Accept) 
      Class A2 
    Other Priority Claims Against the EFH Debtors 
    Unimpaired 
    Not Entitled to Vote (Deemed to Accept) 
      Class A3 
    Legacy General Unsecured Claims Against the EFH Debtors 
    Unimpaired 
    Not Entitled to Vote (Deemed to Accept) 
      Class A4 
    EFH Legacy Note Claims 
    Impaired 
    Entitled to Vote 
      Class A5 
    EFH Unexchanged Note Claims 
    Impaired 
    Entitled to Vote 
      Class A6 
    EFH LBO Note Primary Claims 
    Impaired 
    Entitled to Vote 
      Class A7 
    EFH Swap Claims 
    Impaired 
    Entitled to Vote 
      Class A8 
    EFH Non-Qualified Benefit Claims 
    Impaired 
    Entitled to Vote 
      Class A9 
    General Unsecured Claims Against EFH Corp. 
    Impaired 
    Entitled to Vote 
      Class A10 
    General Unsecured Claims Against the EFH Debtors Other Than EFH Corp. 
    Impaired 
    Entitled to Vote 
      Class A11 
    Tex-La Guaranty Claims 
    Impaired 
    Entitled to Vote 
      Class A12 
    TCEH Settlement Claim 
    Impaired 
    Entitled to Vote 
      Class A13 
    EFH Debtor Intercompany Claims 
    Unimpaired/ 
  Impaired 
    Not Entitled to Vote (Deemed to Accept or Reject) 
      Class A14 
    Non-EFH Debtor Intercompany Claims 
    Impaired 
    Not Entitled to Vote (Deemed to Reject) 
      Class A15 
    Interests in EFH Debtors Other Than EFH Corp. 
    Unimpaired/ 
  Impaired 
    Not Entitled to Vote (Deemed to Accept or Reject) 
      Class A16 
    Interests in EFH Corp. 
    Impaired 
    Not Entitled to Vote (Deemed to Reject) 

2.        Class Identification for the EFIH Debtors. 
  The Plan constitutes a separate chapter 11 plan of reorganization for each EFIH Debtor, each of which shall include the classifications set forth below.  Subject to Article III.D of the Plan, to the extent that a Class contains Claims or Interests only with respect to one or more particular EFIH Debtors, such Class applies solely such EFIH Debtor.   
  The following chart represents the classification of Claims and Interests for each EFIH Debtor pursuant to the Plan. 
                     Class 
    Claims and Interests 
    Status 
    Voting Rights 
      Class B1 
    Other Secured Claims Against the EFIH Debtors 
    Unimpaired 
    Not Entitled to Vote (Deemed to Accept) 
      Class B2 
    Other Priority Claims Against the EFIH Debtors 
    Unimpaired 
    Not Entitled to Vote (Deemed to Accept) 
      Class B3 
    EFIH First Lien Note Claims 
    Impaired 
    Entitled to Vote 
      Class B4 
    EFIH Second Lien Note Claims 
    Impaired 
    Entitled to Vote 
      Class B5 
    EFH LBO Note Guaranty Claims 
    Impaired 
    Entitled to Vote 
      Class B6 
    General Unsecured Claims Against the EFIH Debtors 
    Impaired 
    Entitled to Vote 
      Class B7 
    EFIH Debtor Intercompany Claims 
    Unimpaired/ 
  Impaired 
    Not Entitled to Vote (Deemed to Accept or Reject) 
      Class B8 
    Non-EFIH Debtor Intercompany Claims 
    Impaired 
    Not Entitled to Vote (Deemed to Reject) 
      Class B9 
    Interest in EFIH 
    Unimpaired 
    Not Entitled to Vote (Deemed to Accept) 
      Class B10 
    Interests in EFIH Finance 
    Impaired 
    Not Entitled to Vote (Deemed to Reject) 

3.        Class Identification for the TCEH Debtors. 
  The Plan constitutes a separate chapter 11 plan of reorganization for each TCEH Debtor, each of which shall include the classifications set forth below.  Subject to Article III.D of the Plan, to the extent that a Class contains Claims or Interests only with respect to one or more particular TCEH Debtors, such Class applies solely to such TCEH Debtor.   
  The following chart represents the classification of Claims and Interests for each TCEH Debtor pursuant to the Plan. 
                     Class 
    Claims and Interests 
    Status 
    Voting Rights 
      Class C1 
    Other Secured Claims Against the TCEH Debtors 
    Unimpaired 
    Not Entitled to Vote (Deemed to Accept) 
      Class C2 
    Other Priority Claims Against the TCEH Debtors 
    Unimpaired 
    Not Entitled to Vote (Deemed to Accept) 
      Class C3 
    TCEH First Lien Secured Claims 
    Impaired 
    Entitled to Vote 
      Class C4 
    TCEH Unsecured Debt Claims 
    Impaired 
    Entitled to Vote 
      Class C5 
    General Unsecured Claims Against the TCEH Debtors Other Than EFCH 
    Impaired 
    Entitled to Vote 
      Class C6 
    General Unsecured Claims Against EFCH 
    Impaired 
    Not Entitled to Vote (Deemed to Reject) 
      Class C7 
    TCEH Debtor Intercompany Claims 
    Unimpaired/ 
  Impaired 
    Not Entitled to Vote (Deemed to Accept or Reject) 
      Class C8 
    Non-TCEH Debtor Intercompany Claims 
    Impaired 
    Not Entitled to Vote (Deemed to Reject) 
      Class C9 
    Interests in TCEH Debtors Other Than TCEH and EFCH 
    Unimpaired/ 
  Impaired 
    Not Entitled to Vote (Deemed to Accept or Reject) 
      Class C10 
    Interests in TCEH and EFCH 
    Impaired 
    Not Entitled to Vote (Deemed to Reject) 

1.        Class Identification for the EFH Shared Services Debtors. 
  The Plan constitutes a separate chapter 11 plan of reorganization for each   EFH Shared Services Debtor  , each of which shall include the classifications set forth below.  Subject to Article III.D of the Plan, to the extent that a Class contains Claims or Interests only with respect to one or more particular EFH Shared Services Debtors, such Class applies solely such EFH Shared Services Debtor.   
  The following chart represents the classification of Claims and Interests for each EFH Shared Services Debtor pursuant to the Plan. 
                     Class 
    Claims and Interests 
    Status 
    Voting Rights 
      Class D1 
    Other Secured Claims Against the EFH Shared Services Debtors 
    Unimpaired 
    Not Entitled to Vote (Deemed to Accept) 
      Class D2 
    Other Priority Claims Against the EFH Shared Services Debtors 
    Unimpaired 
    Not Entitled to Vote (Deemed to Accept) 
      Class D3 
    General Unsecured Claims Against the EFH Shared Services Debtors 
    Unimpaired 
    Not Entitled to Vote (Deemed to Accept) 
      Class D4 
    EFH Shared Services Debtor Intercompany Claims 
    Unimpaired/ 
  Impaired 
    Not Entitled to Vote (Deemed to Accept or Reject) 
      Class D5 
    Non-EFH Shared Services Debtor Intercompany Claims 
    Impaired 
    Not Entitled to Vote (Deemed to Reject) 
      Class D6 
    Interests in EFH Shared Services Debtors 
    Unimpaired 
    
    Not Entitled to Vote (Deemed to Accept) 

B. 
    Treatment of Claims and Interests. 
     To the extent a Class contains Allowed Claims or Allowed Interests with respect to any Debtor, the classification of Allowed Claims and Allowed Interests is specified below. 
  1.        Class A1 - Other Secured Claims Against the EFH Debtors. 
           (a) 
    Classification  :  Class A1 consists of Other Secured Claims Against the EFH Debtors. 
              (b) 
    Treatment  :  Except to the extent that a Holder of an Allowed Claim in Class A1, with the consent of the Plan Sponsor (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld), agrees to a less favorable treatment of its Allowed Claim, in full and final satisfaction, settlement, release, and discharge of and in exchange for each Allowed Claim in Class A1, each such Holder shall receive, at the option of the applicable EFH Debtor(s) with the consent of the Plan Sponsor, either: 
              (i) 
    payment in full in Cash; 
              (ii) 
    delivery of collateral securing any such Claim and payment of any interest required under section 506(b) of the Bankruptcy Code; 
              (iii) 
    Reinstatement of such Claim; or 
              (iv) 
    other treatment rendering such Claim Unimpaired. 
              (c) 
    Voting:    Class A1 is Unimpaired under the Plan.  Holders of Claims in Class A1 are conclusively deemed to have accepted the Plan pursuant to section 1126(f) of the Bankruptcy Code.  Therefore, such Holders are not entitled to vote to accept or reject the Plan. 
     2.        Class A2 - Other Priority Claims Against the EFH Debtors. 
           (a) 
    Classification  :  Class A2 consists of Other Priority Claims Against the EFH Debtors.   
              (b) 
    Treatment  :  Except to the extent that a Holder of an Allowed Claim in Class A2, with the consent of the Plan Sponsor (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld), agrees to a less favorable treatment of its Allowed Claim, in full and final satisfaction, settlement, release, and discharge of and in exchange for each Allowed Claim in Class A2, each such Holder shall receive, at the option of the applicable EFH Debtor(s) with the consent of the Plan Sponsor, either: 
              (i) 
    payment in full in Cash; or 
              (ii) 
    other treatment rendering such Claim Unimpaired. 
              (c) 
    Voting  :  Class A2 is Unimpaired under the Plan.  Holders of Claims in Class A2 are conclusively deemed to have accepted the Plan pursuant to section 1126(f) of the Bankruptcy Code.  Therefore, such Holders are not entitled to vote to accept or reject the Plan. 
     3.        Class A3 - Legacy General Unsecured Claims Against the EFH Debtors. 
           (a) 
    Classification  :  Class A3 consists of Legacy General Unsecured Claims Against the EFH Debtors. 
              (b) 
    Treatment  :  Except to the extent that a Holder of an Allowed Claim in Class A3, with the consent of the Plan Sponsor (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld), agrees to a less favorable treatment of its Allowed Claim, in full and final satisfaction, settlement, release, and discharge of and in exchange for each Allowed Claim in Class A3, each such Holder shall receive Reinstatement of such Claim on the EFH Effective Date. 
              (c) 
    Voting:    Class A3 is Unimpaired under the Plan.  Holders of Claims in Class A3 are conclusively deemed to have accepted the Plan pursuant to section 1126(f) of the Bankruptcy Code.  Therefore, such Holders are not entitled to vote to accept or reject the Plan. 
     4.        Class A4 - EFH Legacy Note Claims. 
           (a) 
    Classification  :  Class A4 consists of EFH Legacy Note Claims. 
              (b) 
    Allowance  :  Unless otherwise separately agreed by the Debtors, with the consent of the Plan Sponsor (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld), and a Holder of a Class A4 Claim, as Class A4 Claims, the EFH Legacy Note Claims are Allowed in an amount equal to the sum of:  (i) the principal amount outstanding, plus accrued but unpaid prepetition interest, under the EFH Legacy Note Indentures; and (ii) the amount of any other Claims (but in any case excluding any postpetition interest or Makewhole Claims) under the EFH Legacy Notes or EFH Legacy Note Indentures, if and to the extent such Claims are Allowed before the EFH Effective Date. 
              (c) 
    Treatment:    Except to the extent that a Holder of an Allowed Claim in Class A4, with the consent of the Plan Sponsor (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld), agrees to a less favorable treatment of its Allowed Claim, in full and final satisfaction, settlement, release, and discharge of and in exchange for each Allowed Claim in Class A4, each such Holder shall receive, up to the Allowed amount of its Claim, its Pro Rata share (calculated based on the aggregate amount of EFH Corp. Claims) of the EFH Creditor Recovery Pool. 
              (d) 
    Voting:    Class A4 is Impaired under the Plan.  Therefore, Holders of Allowed Claims in Class A4 are entitled to vote to accept or reject the Plan. 
     5.        Class A5 - EFH Unexchanged Note Claims. 
           (a) 
    Classification  :  Class A5 consists of EFH Unexchanged Note Claims. 
              (b) 
    Allowance  :  Unless otherwise separately agreed by the Debtors, with the consent of the Plan Sponsor, and a Holder of a Class A5 Claim, as Class A5 Claims, the EFH Unexchanged Note Claims are Allowed in an amount equal to the sum of:  (i) the principal amount outstanding, plus accrued but unpaid prepetition interest, under the EFH 2019 Note Indenture and EFH 2020 Note Indenture, as applicable; and (ii) the amount of any other Claims (but in any case excluding any postpetition interest or Makewhole Claims) under the EFH Unexchanged Notes or EFH Unexchanged Notes Indentures, if and to the extent such Claims are Allowed, whether Allowed before, on, or after the EFH Effective Date. 
              (c) 
    Treatment  :  Except to the extent that a Holder, with the consent of the Plan Sponsor (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld), of an Allowed Claim in Class A5 agrees to a less favorable treatment of its Allowed Claim, in full and final satisfaction, settlement, release, and discharge of and in exchange for each Allowed Claim in Class A5, each such Holder shall receive, up to the Allowed amount of its Claim: 
              (i) 
    its Pro Rata share (calculated based on the aggregate amount of EFH Corp. Claims) of the EFH Creditor Recovery Pool; and  
              (ii) 
    if the Class A5 Claims constitute EFH Beneficiary Claims, and solely to the extent of any portion of its Allowed Claim that is not paid in full pursuant to the preceding clause, its Pro Rata share of up to $5.8 million of the TCEH Settlement Claim Turnover Distributions, if any. 
              (d) 
    Voting:    Class A5 is Impaired under the Plan.  Therefore, Holders of Allowed Claims in Class A5 are entitled to vote to accept or reject the Plan;   provided  ,   however  , that Class A5 must vote consistent with the Voting Indication to receive distributions, if any, under clause (c)(ii) above. 
     6.        Class A6 - EFH LBO Note Primary Claims. 
           (a) 
    Classification  :  Class A6 consists of EFH LBO Note Primary Claims. 
              (b) 
    Allowance  :  Unless otherwise separately agreed by the Debtors, with the consent of the Plan Sponsor, and a Holder of a Class A6 Claim, as Class A6 Claims, the EFH LBO Note Primary Claims are Allowed in an amount equal to the sum of:  (i) the principal amount outstanding, plus accrued but unpaid prepetition interest, under the EFH LBO Note Indenture; and (ii) the amount of any other Claims (but in any case excluding any postpetition interest or Makewhole Claims) under the EFH LBO Notes or EFH LBO Note Indenture, if and to the extent such Claims are Allowed before the EFH Effective Date. 
              (c) 
    Treatment  :  Except to the extent that a Holder of an Allowed Claim in Class A6, with the consent of the Plan Sponsor (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld), agrees to a less favorable treatment of its Allowed Claim, in full and final satisfaction, settlement, release, and discharge of and in exchange for each Allowed Claim in Class A6, each such Holder shall receive, up to Allowed amount of its Claim, its Pro Rata share (calculated based on the aggregate amount of EFH Corp. Claims) of the EFH Creditor Recovery Pool. 
     provided  ,   however  , that in no event shall a Holder of an Allowed Claim in Class A6 receive more than a single satisfaction of such Allowed Claim, including any recovery received on account of an Allowed Claim in Class B5. 
           (d) 
    Voting:    Class A6 is Impaired under the Plan.  Therefore, Holders of Allowed Claims in Class A6 are entitled to vote to accept or reject the Plan. 
     7.        Class A7 - EFH Swap Claims. 
           (a) 
    Classification  :  Class A7 consists of EFH Swap Claims. 
              (b) 
    Treatment  :  Except to the extent that a Holder of an Allowed Claim in Class A7, with the consent of the Plan Sponsor (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld), agrees to a less favorable treatment of its Allowed Claim, in full and final satisfaction, settlement, release, and discharge of and in exchange for each Allowed Claim in Class A7, each such Holder shall receive, up to the Allowed amount of its Claim, its Pro Rata share (calculated based on the aggregate amount of EFH Corp. Claims) of the EFH Creditor Recovery Pool. 
              (c) 
    Voting:    Class A7 is Impaired under the Plan.  Therefore, Holders of Allowed Claims in Class A7 are entitled to vote to accept or reject the Plan. 
     8.        Class A8 - EFH Non-Qualified Benefit Claims. 
           (a) 
    Classification  :  Class A8 consists of EFH Non-Qualified Benefit Claims. 
              (b) 
    Treatment  :  Except to the extent that a Holder of an Allowed Claim in Class A8, with the consent of the Plan Sponsor (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld), agrees to a less favorable treatment of its Allowed Claim, in full and final satisfaction, settlement, release, and discharge of and in exchange for each Allowed Claim in Class A8, each such Holder shall receive, up to the Allowed amount of its Claim: 
              (i) 
    its Pro Rata share (calculated based on the aggregate amount of EFH Corp. Claims) of the EFH Creditor Recovery Pool; and 
              (ii) 
    if the Class A8 Claims constitute EFH Beneficiary Claims, and solely to the extent of any portion of its Allowed Claim that is not paid in full pursuant to the preceding clause, its Pro Rata share of up to $30 million in Cash on account of the TCEH Settlement Claim Turnover Distributions, if any. 
              (c) 
    Voting:    Class A8 is Impaired under the Plan.  Therefore, Holders of Allowed Claims in Class A8 are entitled to vote to accept or reject the Plan;   provided  ,   however  , that Class A8 must vote consistent with the Voting Indication to receive distributions, if any, under clause (b)(ii) above. 
     9.        Class A9 - General Unsecured Claims Against EFH Corp. 
           (a) 
    Classification  :  Class A9 consists of General Unsecured Claims Against EFH Corp. 
              (b) 
    Treatment  :  Except to the extent that a Holder of an Allowed Claim in Class A9, with the consent of the Plan Sponsor (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld), agrees to a less favorable treatment of its Allowed Claim, in full and final satisfaction, settlement, release, and discharge of and in exchange for each Allowed Claim in Class A9, each such Holder shall receive, up to the Allowed amount of its Claim: 
              (i) 
    its Pro Rata share (calculated based on the aggregate amount of EFH Corp. Claims) of the EFH Creditor Recovery Pool; and  
              (ii) 
    if the Class A9 Claims constitute EFH Beneficiary Claims, and solely to the extent of any portion of its Allowed Claim that is not paid in full pursuant to the preceding clause, its Pro Rata share of up to $2 million of the TCEH Settlement Claim Turnover Distributions, if any. 
              (c) 
    Voting:    Class A9 is Impaired under the Plan.  Therefore, Holders of allowed Claims in Class A9 are entitled to vote to accept or reject the Plan;   provided  ,   however  , that Class A9 must vote consistent with the Voting Indication to receive distributions, if any, under clause (b)(ii) above. 
     10.        Class A10 - General Unsecured Claims Against the EFH Debtors Other Than EFH Corp. 
           (a) 
    Classification  :  Class A10 consists of General Unsecured Claims Against the EFH Debtors Other Than EFH Corp. 
              (b) 
    Treatment  :  Except to the extent that a Holder of an Allowed Claim in Class A10, with the consent of the Plan Sponsor (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld), agrees to a less favorable treatment of its Allowed Claim, in full and final satisfaction, settlement, release, and discharge of and in exchange for each Allowed Claim in Class A10, each such Holder shall receive, up to the Allowed amount of its Claim, its Pro Rata share (calculated based on the aggregate amount of EFH Corp. Claims) of the EFH Creditor Recovery Pool. 
              (c) 
    Voting:    Class A10 is Impaired under the Plan.  Therefore, Holders of Allowed Claims in Class A10 are entitled to vote to accept or reject the Plan. 
     11.        Class A11 - Tex-La Guaranty Claims. 
           (a) 
    Classification  :  Class A11 consists of the Tex-La Guaranty Claims. 
              (b) 
    Treatment  :  Except to the extent that a Holder of an Allowed Claim in Class A11, with the consent of the Plan Sponsor (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld), agrees to a less favorable treatment of its Allowed Claim, in full and final satisfaction, settlement, release, and discharge of and in exchange for each Allowed Claim in Class A11, each such Holder shall receive, up to the Allowed amount of its Claim, its Pro Rata share (calculated based on the aggregate amount of EFH Corp. Claims) of the EFH Creditor Recovery Pool;   provided  ,   however  , that in no event shall a Holder of an Allowed Class A11 Claim receive more than a full recovery on account of its Claim, including any recovery as an Allowed Class C1 Claim. 
              (c) 
    Voting:    Class A11 is Impaired under the Plan.  Therefore, Holders of Allowed Claims in Class A11 are entitled to vote to accept or reject the Plan. 
     12.        Class A12 - TCEH Settlement Claim. 
           (a) 
    Classification  :  Class A12 consists of the TCEH Settlement Claim. 
              (b) 
    Allowance  :  Unless otherwise separately agreed by the Debtors, with the consent of the Plan Sponsor, and the TCEH Supporting First Lien Creditors, the TCEH Settlement Claim is Allowed in the amount of $700 million. 
              (c) 
    Treatment  :  Except to the extent that the TCEH Supporting First Lien Creditors, with the consent of the Plan Sponsor (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld), agree to a less favorable treatment of the TCEH Settlement Claim, in full and final satisfaction, settlement, release, and discharge of and in exchange for the TCEH Settlement Claim, TCEH or Reorganized TCEH, as applicable, shall receive, up to the Allowed amount of its Claim, its Pro Rata share (calculated based on the aggregate amount of EFH Corp. Claims) of the EFH Creditor Recovery Pool   less   any TCEH Settlement Claim Turnover Distributions;   provided  ,   however,   that such recoveries shall be distributed directly to the Holders of Allowed Class C3 Claims, as set forth in Article III.B.29, and TCEH or Reorganized TCEH, as applicable, shall never have control, possession, title, or ownership of the recovery for any purpose (except that Reorganized TCEH may nominally hold the right to receive recoveries under the TCEH Settlement Claim but the Holders of Allowed TCEH First Lien Secured Claims will hold all legal and equitable entitlement to receive recoveries under the TCEH Settlement Claim). 
              (d) 
    Voting:    Class A12 is Impaired under the Plan.  Therefore, the TCEH Supporting First Lien Creditors are entitled to vote to accept or reject the Plan on behalf of TCEH. 
     13.        Class A13 - EFH Debtor Intercompany Claims. 
           (a) 
    Classification  :  Class A13 consists of EFH Debtor Intercompany Claims. 
              (b) 
    Treatment  :  EFH Debtor Intercompany Claims shall be, at the option of the EFH Debtors with the consent of the Plan Sponsor, either: 
              (i) 
    Reinstated; or 
              (ii) 
    canceled and released without any distribution on account of such Claims; 
     provided  ,   however  , that Class A13 Claims of EFH Corp., LSGT Gas Company LLC, EECI, Inc., EEC Holdings, Inc., and LSGT SACROC, Inc. against one or more of EFH Corp., LSGT Gas Company LLC, EECI, Inc., EEC Holdings, Inc., and LSGT SACROC, Inc. shall be Reinstated.   
           (c) 
    Voting  :  Holders of Claims in Class A13 are conclusively deemed to have accepted or rejected the Plan pursuant to section 1126(f) or section 1126(g) of the Bankruptcy Code, respectively.  Therefore, such Holders are not entitled to vote to accept or reject the Plan. 
     14.        Class A14 - Non-EFH Debtor Intercompany Claims. 
           (a) 
    Classification  :  Class A14 consists of Non-EFH Debtor Intercompany Claims. 
              (b) 
    Treatment  : Non-EFH Debtor Intercompany Claims shall be canceled and released without any distribution on account of such Claims.  
              (c) 
    Voting  :  Class A14 is Impaired under the Plan.  Holders of Claims in Class A14 are conclusively deemed to have rejected the Plan pursuant to section 1126(g) of the Bankruptcy Code.  Therefore, such Holders are not entitled to vote to accept or reject the Plan. 
     15.        Class A15 - Interests in the EFH Debtors Other Than EFH Corp. 
           (a) 
    Classification  :  Class A15 consists of Interests in the EFH Debtors Other Than EFH Corp. 
              (b) 
    Treatment  :  Interests in the EFH Debtors Other Than EFH Corp. shall be, at the option of the EFH Debtors with the consent of the Plan Sponsor, either: 
              (i) 
    Reinstated; or 
              (ii) 
    canceled and released without any distribution on account of such Interests; 
     provided  ,   however  , that Interests in Debtors LSGT Gas Company LLC, EECI, Inc., EEC Holdings, Inc., and LSGT SACROC, Inc. shall be Reinstated. 
           (c) 
    Voting  :  Holders of Interests in Class A15 are conclusively deemed to have accepted or rejected the Plan pursuant to section 1126(f) or section 1126(g) of the Bankruptcy Code, respectively.  Therefore, such Holders are not entitled to vote to accept or reject the Plan. 
     16.        Class A16 - Interests in EFH Corp. 
           (a) 
    Classification  :  Class A16 consists of Interests in EFH Corp. 
              (b) 
    Treatment  :  Interests in EFH Corp. shall be canceled and released without any distribution on account of such Interests. 
              (c) 
    Voting  :  Class A16 is Impaired under the Plan.  Holders of Interests in Class A16 are conclusively deemed to have rejected the Plan pursuant to section 1126(g) of the Bankruptcy Code.  Therefore, such Holders are not entitled to vote to accept or reject the Plan. 
     17.        Class B1 - Other Secured Claims Against the EFIH Debtors. 
           (a) 
    Classification  :  Class B1 consists of Other Secured Claims Against the EFIH Debtors. 
              (b) 
    Treatment  :  Except to the extent that a Holder of an Allowed Claim in Class B1, with the consent of the Plan Sponsor (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld), agrees to a less favorable treatment of its Allowed Claim, in full and final satisfaction, settlement, release, and discharge of and in exchange for each Allowed Claim in Class B1, each such Holder shall receive, at the option of the applicable EFIH Debtor(s) with the consent of the Plan Sponsor, either: 
              (i) 
    payment in full in Cash; 
              (ii) 
    delivery of collateral securing any such Claim and payment of any interest required under section 506(b) of the Bankruptcy Code; 
              (iii) 
    Reinstatement of such Claim; or 
              (iv) 
    other treatment rendering such Claim Unimpaired. 
              (c) 
    Voting:    Class B1 is Unimpaired under the Plan.  Holders of Claims in Class B1 are conclusively deemed to have accepted the Plan pursuant to section 1126(f) of the Bankruptcy Code.  Therefore, such Holders are not entitled to vote to accept or reject the Plan. 
     18.        Class B2 - Other Priority Claims Against the EFIH Debtors. 
           (a) 
    Classification  :  Class B2 consists of Other Priority Claims Against the EFIH Debtors.   
              (b) 
    Treatment  :  Except to the extent that a Holder of an Allowed Claim in Class B2, with the consent of the Plan Sponsor (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld), agrees to a less favorable treatment of its Allowed Claim, in full and final satisfaction, settlement, release, and discharge of and in exchange for each Allowed Claim in Class B2, each such Holder shall receive, at the option of the applicable EFIH Debtor(s) with the consent of the Plan Sponsor, either: 
              (i) 
    payment in full in Cash; or 
              (ii) 
    other treatment rendering such Claim Unimpaired. 
              (c) 
    Voting  :  Class B2 is Unimpaired under the Plan.  Holders of Claims in Class B2 are conclusively deemed to have accepted the Plan pursuant to section 1126(f) of the Bankruptcy Code.  Therefore, such Holders are not entitled to vote to accept or reject the Plan. 
     19.        Class B3 - EFIH First Lien Note Claims. 
           (a) 
    Classification:    Class B3 consists of EFIH First Lien Note Claims, if any. 
              (b) 
    Allowance  :  As Class B3 Claims, the EFIH First Lien Note Claims are Allowed in an amount equal to the sum of:   
              (i) 
    any accrued but unpaid prepetition interest (including any Additional Interest and interest on interest) at the applicable rate set forth in, and calculated in accordance with, the EFIH First Lien Notes, the EFIH First Lien 2017 Note Indenture, the EFIH First Lien 2020 Note Indenture, and/or any related agreement, as applicable;  
              (ii) 
    any accrued but unpaid postpetition interest (including any Additional Interest and interest on interest) at the applicable rate set forth in, and calculated in accordance with, the EFIH First Lien Notes, the EFIH First Lien 2017 Note Indenture, the EFIH First Lien 2020 Note Indenture, and/or any related agreement, as applicable, through the closing date of the EFIH First Lien DIP Facility (excluding interest on interest, which shall be through the EFH Effective Date);  
              (iii) 
    all reasonable and documented fees and expenses and indemnification claims, whether incurred or accruing before, on, or after the EFH Effective Date, including those reasonable and documented fees and expenses and indemnification claims incurred in connection with any appeal, remand, or other litigation of any Makewhole Claims, (a) that (with respect only to such fees, expenses and claims incurred prior to the EFH Effective Date) are allowed under section 506(b) of the Bankruptcy Code and (b) that are owed under the EFIH First Lien Notes, the EFIH First Lien 2017 Note Indenture, the EFIH First Lien 2020 Note Indenture, and/or any related agreement (and interest thereon to the extent provided by such notes, indentures, or agreements), as applicable;  
              (iv) 
    the amount of any other Claims, including any Makewhole Claims, and interest thereon (whether accruing before, on or after the EFH Effective Date, as calculated in accordance with the EFIH First Lien Notes, the EFIH First Lien 2017 Note Indenture, the EFIH First Lien 2020 Note Indenture, and/or any related agreement, as applicable, or otherwise as determined by Final Order) of the EFIH First Lien Notes Trustee or Holders of EFIH First Lien Notes, if and to the extent such Claims are held to be allowed by a court of competent jurisdiction pursuant to a Final Order, whether entered before, on, or after the EFH Effective Date. 
              (c) 
    Treatment  : Except to the extent that a Holder of an Allowed Claim in Class B3, with the consent of the Plan Sponsor (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld), agrees to a less favorable treatment of its Allowed Claim, each such Holder shall receive, up to the Allowed amount of its Claim, payment in full in Cash. 
              (d) 
    Voting  :  Class B3 is Impaired under the Plan.  Therefore, Holders of Allowed Claims in Class B3 are entitled to vote to accept or reject the Plan. 
     20.        Class B4 - EFIH Second Lien Note Claims. 
           (a) 
    Classification  :  Class B4 consists of EFIH Second Lien Note Claims. 
              (b) 
    Allowance  :  Unless otherwise separately agreed by the Debtors, with the consent of the Plan Sponsor, and a Holder of a Class B4 Claim, as Class B4 Claims, the EFIH Second Lien Note Claims are Allowed in an amount equal to the sum of:   
              (i) 
    the principal amount outstanding, plus accrued but unpaid prepetition interest (including any Additional Interest and interest on interest) at the applicable rate set forth in, and calculated in accordance with, the EFIH Second Lien Notes, the EFIH Second Lien Note Indenture, and/or any related agreement, as applicable;  
              (ii) 
    any accrued but unpaid postpetition interest (including any Additional Interest and interest on interest) on such principal at the applicable rate set forth in, and calculated in accordance with, the EFIH Second Lien Notes, the EFIH Second Lien Note Indenture, and/or any related agreement, as applicable, through the EFH Effective Date; 
              (iii) 
    all reasonable and documented fees and expenses and indemnification claims, whether incurred or accruing before, on, or after the EFH Effective Date, including those reasonable and documented fees and expenses and indemnification claims incurred in connection with any appeal, remand, or other litigation of any Makewhole Claims, (a) that (with respect to such fees, expenses, and claims incurred prior to the EFH Effective Date) are allowed under section 506(b) of the Bankruptcy Code and (b) that are owed under the EFIH Second Lien Notes, the EFIH Second Lien Note Indenture, and/or any related agreement (and interest thereon to the extent provided by such notes, indentures, or agreements), as applicable; and 
              (iv) 
    the amount of any other Claims, including any Makewhole Claims and interest thereon (whether accruing before, on or after the EFH Effective Date, as calculated in accordance with the EFIH Second Lien Notes, the EFIH Second Lien Note Indenture, and/or any related agreement, as applicable, or otherwise as determined by Final Order) of the EFIH Second Lien Notes Trustee or Holders of EFIH Second Lien Notes, if and to the extent such Claims are held to be allowed by a court of competent jurisdiction pursuant to a Final Order, whether entered before, on, or after the EFH Effective Date. 
              (c) 
    Treatment  :  Except to the extent that a Holder of an Allowed Claim in Class B4, with the consent of the Plan Sponsor (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld), agrees to a less favorable treatment of its Allowed Claim, each such Holder shall receive, up to the Allowed amount of its Claim, payment in full in Cash. 
              (d) 
    Voting  :  Class B4 is Impaired under the Plan.  Therefore, Holders of Allowed Claims in Class B4 are entitled to vote to accept or reject the Plan. 
     21.        Class B5 - EFH LBO Note Guaranty Claims. 
           (a) 
    Classification  :  Class B5 consists of EFH LBO Note Guaranty Claims. 
              (b) 
    Allowance  :  Unless otherwise separately agreed by the Debtors, with the consent of the Plan Sponsor, and a Holder of a Class B5 Claim, as Class B5 Claims, the EFH LBO Note Guaranty Claims are Allowed in an amount equal to the sum of:  (i) the principal amount outstanding, plus accrued but unpaid prepetition interest, under the EFH LBO Note Indenture; (ii) accrued postpetition interest on such principal at the Federal Judgment Rate; and (iii) the amount of any other Claims (but in any case excluding any Makewhole Claims) under the EFH LBO Notes or EFH LBO Note Indentures, if and to the extent such Claims are Allowed, whether Allowed before, on or after the EFH Effective Date.    
              (c) 
    Treatment  :  Except to the extent that a Holder of an Allowed Claim in Class B5, with the consent of the Plan Sponsor (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld), agrees to a less favorable treatment of its Allowed Claim, in full and final satisfaction, settlement, release, and discharge of and in exchange for each Allowed Claim in Class B5, each such Holder shall receive, up to the Allowed amount of its Claim, its Pro Rata share (calculated based on the aggregate amount of Allowed EFH LBO Note Guaranty Claims and Allowed General Unsecured Claims Against the EFIH Debtors) of the EFIH Unsecured Creditor Recovery Pool;   provided  ,   however  , that in no event shall a Holder of an Allowed Claim in Class B5 receive more than a single satisfaction of such Allowed Claim, including any recovery received on account of an Allowed Claim in Class A6. 
              (d) 
    Voting:    Class B5 is Impaired under the Plan. Therefore, Holders of Allowed Claims in Class B5 are entitled to vote to accept or reject the Plan. 
     22.        Class B6 - General Unsecured Claims Against the EFIH Debtors. 
           (a) 
    Classification  :  Class B6 consists of General Unsecured Claims Against the EFIH Debtors. 
              (b) 
    Allowance  :  Unless otherwise separately agreed by the Debtors, with the consent of the Plan Sponsor, and a Holder of a Class B6 Claim, as Class B6 Claims, the EFIH Unsecured Note Claims are Allowed in an amount equal to the sum of:  (x) the Charging Lien Advance and (y)(i) the principal amount outstanding in the amount of $1,568,249,000; (ii) accrued but unpaid prepetition interest in the amount of $81,115,347; (iii) accrued postpetition interest on the principal amount outstanding as of the Petition Date at the Federal Judgment Rate; and (iv) the amount of any other Claims (but in any case excluding any Makewhole Claims) under the EFIH Unsecured Notes or EFIH Unsecured Note Indentures, if and to the extent such Claims are Allowed, whether Allowed before, on or after the EFH Effective Date.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding sentence, any Class B6 Claim derived from or based upon the EFIH First Lien Notes or EFIH Second Lien Notes shall be Allowed if and to the extent such Claim would be an Allowed Class B3 Claim under Article III.B.19 of the Plan or an Allowed Class B4 Claim under Article III.B.20 of the Plan, respectively, if the terms EFIH First Lien Note Claims or EFIH Second Lien Note Claims, as applicable, were defined to include Unsecured Claims derived from or based upon the EFIH First Lien Notes or EFIH Second Lien Notes, as applicable.  Nothing in the Plan shall limit, impair, or modify the EFIH Unsecured Notes Trustee s ability or right to exercise its charging lien pursuant to the EFIH Unsecured Note Indentures post-Confirmation consistent with the terms set forth therein. 
              (c) 
    Treatment  :  Except to the extent that a Holder of an Allowed Claim in Class B6, with the consent of the Plan Sponsor (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld), agrees to a less favorable treatment of its Allowed Claim, in full and final satisfaction, settlement, release, and discharge of and in exchange for each Allowed Claim in Class B6, each such Holder shall receive, up to the Allowed amount of its Claim, its Pro Rata share (calculated based on the aggregate amount of Allowed EFH LBO Note Guaranty Claims and Allowed General Unsecured Claims Against the EFIH Debtors) of the EFIH Unsecured Creditor Recovery Pool. 
              (d) 
    Voting:    Class B6 is Impaired under the Plan. Therefore, Holders of Allowed Claims in Class B6 are entitled to vote to accept or reject the Plan. 
     23.        Class B7 - EFIH Debtor Intercompany Claims. 
           (a) 
    Classification  :  Class B7 consists of EFIH Debtor Intercompany Claims. 
              (b) 
    Treatment  :  EFIH Debtor Intercompany Claims shall be, at the option of the EFIH Debtors with the consent of the Plan Sponsor, either: 
              (i) 
    Reinstated; or 
              (ii) 
    canceled and released without any distribution on account of such Claims. 
              (c) 
    Voting  :  Holders of Claims in Class B7 are conclusively deemed to have accepted or rejected the Plan pursuant to section 1126(f) or section 1126(g) of the Bankruptcy Code, respectively.  Therefore, such Holders are not entitled to vote to accept or reject the Plan. 
     24.        Class B8 - Non-EFIH Debtor Intercompany Claims. 
           (a) 
    Classification  :  Class B8 consists of Non-EFIH Debtor Intercompany Claims. 
              (b) 
    Treatment  :  Non-EFIH Debtor Intercompany Claims shall be canceled and released without any distribution on account of such Claims.  
              (c) 
    Voting  :  Class B8 is Impaired under the Plan.  Holders of Claims in Class B8 are conclusively deemed to have rejected the Plan pursuant to section 1126(g) of the Bankruptcy Code.  Therefore, such Holders are not entitled to vote to accept or reject the Plan. 
     25.        Class B9 - Interest in EFIH. 
           (a) 
    Classification  :  Class B9 consists of the Interest in EFIH. 
              (b) 
    Treatment  :  The Interest in EFIH shall be Reinstated. 
              (c) 
    Voting  :  Class B9 is Unimpaired under the Plan.  The Holder of the Interest in Class B9 is conclusively deemed to have accepted the Plan pursuant to section 1126(f) of the Bankruptcy Code.  Therefore, such Holder is not entitled to vote to accept or reject the Plan. 
     26.        Class B10 - Interests in EFIH Finance. 
           (a) 
    Classification  :  Class B10 consists of Interests in EFIH Finance. 
              (b) 
    Treatment  :  Interests in EFIH Finance shall be canceled and released without any distribution on account of such Interests. 
              (c) 
    Voting  :  Class B10 is Impaired under the Plan.  Holders of Interests in Class B10 are conclusively deemed to have rejected the Plan pursuant to section 1126(g) of the Bankruptcy Code.  Therefore, such Holders are not entitled to vote to accept or reject the Plan. 
     27.        Class C1 - Other Secured Claims Against the TCEH Debtors. 
           (a) 
    Classification  :  Class C1 consists of Other Secured Claims Against the TCEH Debtors. 
              (b) 
    Treatment  :  Except to the extent that a Holder of an Allowed Claim in Class C1 agrees to a less favorable treatment of its Allowed Claim, in full and final satisfaction, settlement, release, and discharge of and in exchange for each Allowed Claim in Class C1, each such Holder shall receive, at the option of the applicable TCEH Debtor(s) with the consent of the TCEH Supporting First Lien Creditors (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld), either: 
              (i) 
    payment in full in Cash and payment of any interest required under section 506(b) and section 1129(b)(2)(i)(II) of the Bankruptcy Code; 
              (ii) 
    delivery of collateral securing any such Claim and payment of any interest required under section 506(b) and section 1129(b)(2)(i)(II) of the Bankruptcy Code; 
              (iii) 
    Reinstatement of such Claim; or 
              (iv) 
    other treatment rendering such Claim Unimpaired; 
     provided  ,   however  , that the Tex-La Obligations may receive treatment as Allowed Class C1 Claims on or before the TCEH Effective Date with the prior written consent of the TCEH Supporting First Lien Creditors. 
           (c) 
    Voting:    Class C1 is Unimpaired under the Plan.  Holders of Claims in Class C1 are conclusively deemed to have accepted the Plan pursuant to section 1126(f) of the Bankruptcy Code.  Therefore, such Holders are not entitled to vote to accept or reject the Plan. 
     28.        Class C2 - Other Priority Claims Against the TCEH Debtors. 
           (a) 
    Classification  :  Class C2 consists of Other Priority Claims Against the TCEH Debtors.   
              (b) 
    Treatment  :  Except to the extent that a Holder of an Allowed Claim in Class C2 agrees to a less favorable treatment of its Allowed Claim, in full and final satisfaction, settlement, release, and discharge of and in exchange for each Allowed Claim in Class C2, each such Holder shall receive, at the option of the applicable TCEH Debtor(s) with the consent of the TCEH Supporting First Lien Creditors (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld), either: 
              (i) 
    payment in full in Cash; or 
              (ii) 
    other treatment rendering such Claim Unimpaired. 
              (c) 
    Voting  :  Class C2 is Unimpaired under the Plan.  Holders of Claims in Class C2 are conclusively deemed to have accepted the Plan pursuant to section 1126(f) of the Bankruptcy Code.  Therefore, such Holders are not entitled to vote to accept or reject the Plan. 
     29.        Class C3 - TCEH First Lien Secured Claims. 
           (a) 
    Classification  :  Class C3 consists of TCEH First Lien Secured Claims. 
              (b) 
    Allowance  :  As Class C3 Claims, (i) the TCEH Credit Agreement Claims are Allowed in the amount of $22,863,271,257; (ii) the TCEH First Lien Note Claims are Allowed in the amount of $1,815,965,278; (iii) the TCEH First Lien Swap Claims and TCEH First Lien Commodity Hedge Claims are Allowed in an aggregate amount no less than $1,230,817,606.94; and (iv) any Claims of the TCEH First Lien Administrative Agent, the TCEH First Lien Collateral Agent or the TCEH First Lien Notes Trustee for fees, expenses, or indemnification obligations arising under and pursuant to the TCEH Credit Agreement, the TCEH First Lien Notes Indenture, the TCEH First Lien Interest Rate Swaps, the TCEH First Lien Commodity Hedges, or the TCEH First Lien Intercreditor Agreement, as applicable, are Allowed in an amount to be determined.  
              (c) 
    Treatment  :  Except to the extent that a Holder of an Allowed Claim in Class C3 agrees to a less favorable treatment of its Allowed Claim (in a writing executed by such Holder after the Petition Date), in full and final satisfaction, settlement, release, and discharge of and in exchange for each Allowed Claim in Class C3, subject to Article III.B.29(d), each such Holder thereof shall receive its Pro Rata share (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall be based on the Allowed amounts of such Claims as of the Petition Date as set forth in the Plan) of: 
              (i) 
    If the Spin-Off is effectuated pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth in Article IV.B.2: 
              A. 
    100% of the Reorganized TCEH Common Stock (following the Basis Step-Up), subject to dilution after the Distribution only on account of the Reorganized TCEH Debtor Management Incentive Plan;  
              B. 
    100% of the (a) TCEH Debtors  Cash on hand and (b) net Cash proceeds from the issuance of the New Reorganized TCEH Debt (or, at the TCEH Supporting First Lien Creditors  election, all or a portion of such New Reorganized TCEH Debt) and the Spin-Off Preferred Stock Sale, in each case after funding any Cash distributions required to be made by the TCEH Debtors under the Plan and providing for adequate post TCEH Effective Date liquidity for TCEH as determined by the TCEH Debtors with the reasonable consent of the TCEH Supporting First Lien Creditors; 
              C. 
    the Spin-Off TRA Rights (if any), subject to such Holder s completion and timely submission of the TRA Information Form; and 
              D. 
    any proceeds from the TCEH Settlement Claim if determined as of the TCEH Effective Date, and to the extent not determined as of the TCEH Effective Date, the right to receive recoveries under the TCEH Settlement Claim;   provided  , that following the TCEH Effective Date, Reorganized TCEH will nominally hold the right to receive recoveries under the TCEH Settlement Claim but the Holders of Allowed TCEH First Lien Secured Claims will hold all legal and equitable entitlement to receive recoveries under the TCEH Settlement Claim. 
              (ii) 
    If the Taxable Separation is effectuated pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth in Article IV.B.2: 
              A. 
    100% of the Reorganized TCEH Common Stock, subject to dilution only on account of the Reorganized TCEH     Debtor Management Incentive Plan; 
              B. 
    100% of the (1) TCEH Debtors  Cash on hand and (2) the net Cash proceeds from the New Reorganized TCEH Debt (or, at the TCEH Supporting First Lien Creditors  election, all or a portion of such New Reorganized TCEH Debt) and issuance of certain stock or securities in connection with the Taxable Separation, in each case after funding any Cash distributions required to be made by the TCEH Debtors under the Plan and providing for adequate post TCEH Effective Date liquidity for TCEH as determined by the TCEH Debtors with the reasonable consent of the TCEH Supporting First Lien Creditors;  
              C. 
    the Taxable Separation TRA Rights (if any), subject to such Holder s completion and timely submission of the TRA Information Form; and 
              D. 
    any proceeds from the TCEH Settlement Claim if determined as of the TCEH Effective Date, and to the extent not determined as of the TCEH Effective Date, the right to receive recoveries under the TCEH Settlement Claim;   provided  , that following the TCEH Effective Date, Reorganized TCEH will nominally hold the right to receive recoveries under the TCEH Settlement Claim but the Holders of Allowed TCEH First Lien Secured Claims will hold all legal and equitable entitlement to receive recoveries under the TCEH Settlement Claim. 
     In addition, on the TCEH Effective Date the TCEH First Lien Agent will be deemed to have delivered, pursuant to Section 5.01 of the TCEH Second Lien Intercreditor Agreement, any notice necessary to cause the automatic release and discharge of any and all Liens on the assets of the TCEH Debtors that secure the repayment of amounts due in respect of the TCEH Second Lien Notes. 
           (d) 
    Allocation:    Unless resolved before Confirmation, the TCEH First Lien Notes Trustee and/or the Holders of TCEH First Lien Claims will continue to seek entry of the TCEH First Lien Creditor Plan Distribution Allocation Order resolving the TCEH First Lien Creditor Plan Distribution Allocation Dispute through an adjudication of the TCEH First Lien Note Intercreditor Action or otherwise.  If a TCEH First Lien Creditor Plan Distribution Allocation Order is entered prior to the TCEH Effective Date and such order provides that Holders of Allowed Class C3 Claims shall receive the TCEH First Lien Creditor Distributions on a basis other than Pro Rata, then pursuant to section 510(a) of the Bankruptcy Code, any such TCEH First Lien Creditor Distribution that is subject to such TCEH First Lien Creditor Plan Distribution Allocation Order shall be distributed among the Holders of Allowed Class C3 Claims in accordance with such TCEH First Lien Creditor Plan Distribution Allocation Order;   provided  ,   however  , that if a TCEH First Lien Creditor Plan Distribution Allocation Order has not been entered by the TCEH Effective Date, then the TCEH Debtors shall establish a reserve (in an amount to be determined by the TCEH Debtors, with the consent of each of the TCEH First Lien Agent, the TCEH Supporting First Lien Creditors, the TCEH First Lien Notes Trustee, and any other parties to the TCEH First Lien Note Intercreditor Action) solely with respect to any TCEH First Lien Creditor Distributions that remain subject to the TCEH First Lien Creditor Plan Distribution Allocation Dispute, with such reserved amounts to be distributed on a Pro Rata basis after entry of a TCEH First Lien Creditor Plan Distribution Allocation Order, unless and to the extent such order provides that Holders of Allowed Class C3 Claims are entitled to a distribution of any TCEH First Lien Creditor Distributions on a basis other than Pro Rata, in which case, pursuant to section 510(a) of the Bankruptcy Code, any such TCEH First Lien Creditor Distribution that is subject to such TCEH First Lien Creditor Plan Distribution Allocation Order shall be distributed among the Holders of Allowed Class C3 Claims in accordance with such TCEH First Lien Creditor Plan Distribution Allocation Order.  Nothing in this Plan shall preclude any party from seeking enforcement of the TCEH First Lien Creditor Adequate Protection Payment Allocation Order or distribution of the Holdback Amount (as defined in the Cash Collateral Order) under the Cash Collateral Order.  For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Plan shall (i) require any Debtor or any other party (including, without limitation, the TCEH First Lien Administrative Agent, the TCEH First Lien Collateral Agent, or any holder of TCEH First Lien Claims), to establish any reserve with respect to any distributions that are subject to the TCEH First Lien Creditor Deposit L/C Collateral Allocation Dispute or (ii) impair, prejudice, release, compromise or waive any claims any Holder of Allowed Class C3 Claims may have against one or more other Holders of Allowed Class C3 Claims (other than the TCEH First Lien Agent, except in the TCEH First Lien Agent s capacity as a nominal defendant to declaratory judgment claims in respect of which no monetary recovery is sought) pursuant to the TCEH First Lien Creditor Deposit L/C Collateral Allocation Dispute. 
              (e) 
    Voting  :  Class C3 is Impaired under the Plan.  Therefore, Holders of Allowed Claims in Class C3 are entitled to vote to accept or reject the Plan. 
     30.        Class C4 - TCEH Unsecured Debt Claims. 
           (a) 
    Classification  :  Class C4 consists of TCEH Unsecured Debt Claims. 
               (c) 
    Treatment  :  Except to the extent that a Holder of an Allowed Claim in Class C4 agrees to a less favorable treatment of its Allowed Claim, and subject to Article IV.B.12 of the Plan, in full and final satisfaction, settlement, release, and discharge of and in exchange for each Allowed Claim in Class C4, each such Holder shall receive its Pro Rata (calculated based on the aggregate amount of Allowed Class C4 Claims and Allowed Class C5 Claims) share of the TCEH Cash Payment. 
              (d) 
    Voting:    Class C4 is Impaired under the Plan.  Therefore, Holders of Allowed Claims in Class C4 are entitled to vote to accept or reject the Plan. 
     31.        Class C5 - General Unsecured Claims Against the TCEH Debtors Other Than EFCH. 
           (a) 
    Classification  :  Class C5 consists of General Unsecured Claims Against the TCEH Debtors Other Than EFCH. 
              (b) 
    Treatment  :  Except to the extent that a Holder of an Allowed Claim in Class C5 agrees to a less favorable treatment of its Allowed Claim, and subject to Article IV.B.12 of the Plan, in full and final satisfaction, settlement, release, and discharge of and in exchange for each Allowed Claim in Class C5, each such Holder shall receive its Pro Rata (calculated based on the aggregate amount of Allowed Class C4 Claims and Allowed Class C5 Claims) share of the TCEH Cash Payment. 
              (c) 
    Voting:    Class C5 is Impaired under the Plan.  Therefore, Holders of Allowed Claims in Class C5 are entitled to vote to accept or reject the Plan. 
     32.        Class C6 - General Unsecured Claims Against EFCH. 
           (a) 
    Classification  :  Class C6 consists of General Unsecured Claims Against EFCH. 
              (b) 
    Treatment  :  General Unsecured Claims Against EFCH shall be canceled and released without any distribution on account of such Claims.  
              (c) 
    Voting:    Class C6 is Impaired under the Plan.  Holders of Claims in Class C6 are conclusively deemed to have rejected the Plan pursuant to section 1126(g) of the Bankruptcy Code.  Therefore, such Holders are not entitled to vote to accept or reject the Plan. 
     33.        Class C7 - TCEH Debtor Intercompany Claims. 
           (a) 
    Classification  :  Class C7 consists of TCEH Debtor Intercompany Claims. 
              (b) 
    Treatment  :  TCEH Debtor Intercompany Claims shall be, at the option of the applicable TCEH Debtor(s) with the consent of the TCEH Supporting First Lien Creditors (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld), either: 
              (i) 
    Reinstated; or 
              (ii) 
    canceled and released without any distribution on account of such Claims; 
     provided  ,   however  , that TCEH Debtor Intercompany Claims against each of EFCH, TCEH, or TCEH Finance and any TCEH Debtor Intercompany Claim derived from or based upon the Repurchased PCRBs shall be canceled and released without any distribution on account of such Claims. 
           (c) 
    Voting  :  Holders of Claims in Class C7 are conclusively deemed to have accepted or rejected the Plan pursuant to section 1126(f) or section 1126(g) of the Bankruptcy Code, respectively.  Therefore, such Holders are not entitled to vote to accept or reject the Plan. 
     34.        Class C8 - Non-TCEH Debtor Intercompany Claims. 
           (a) 
    Classification  :  Class C8 consists of Non-TCEH Debtor Intercompany Claims. 
              (b) 
    Treatment  :  Non-TCEH Debtor Intercompany Claims shall be canceled and released without any distribution on account of such Claims. 
              (c) 
    Voting  :  Class C8 is Impaired under the Plan.  Holders of Claims in Class C8 are conclusively deemed to have rejected the Plan pursuant to section 1126(g) of the Bankruptcy Code.  Therefore, such Holders are not entitled to vote to accept or reject the Plan. 
     35.        Class C9 - Interests in TCEH Debtors Other Than TCEH and EFCH. 
           (a) 
    Classification  :  Class C9 consists of Interests in TCEH Debtors Other Than TCEH and EFCH. 
              (b) 
    Treatment  :  Interests in TCEH Debtors Other Than TCEH and EFCH shall be with the consent of the TCEH Supporting First Lien Creditors, either: 
              (i) 
    Reinstated; or 
              (ii) 
    canceled and released without any distribution on account of such Interests. 
              (c) 
    Voting  :  Holders of Interests in Class C9 are conclusively deemed to have accepted or rejected the Plan pursuant to section 1126(f) or section 1126(g) of the Bankruptcy Code, respectively.  Therefore, such Holders are not entitled to vote to accept or reject the Plan. 
     36.        Class C10 - Interests in TCEH and EFCH. 
           (a) 
    Classification  :  Class C10 consists of Interests in TCEH and EFCH. 
              (b) 
    Treatment  :  Interests in TCEH and EFCH shall be canceled and released without any distribution on account of such Interests. 
              (c) 
    Voting  :  Class C10 is Impaired under the Plan.  Holders of Interests in Class C10 are conclusively deemed to have rejected the Plan pursuant to section 1126(g) of the Bankruptcy Code.  Therefore, such Holders are not entitled to vote to accept or reject the Plan. 
     37.        Class D1 - Other Secured Claims Against the EFH Shared Services Debtors. 
           (a) 
    Classification  :  Class D1 consists of Other Secured Claims Against the EFH Shared Services Debtors. 
              (b) 
    Treatment  :  Except to the extent that a Holder of an Allowed Claim in Class D1 agrees to a less favorable treatment of its Allowed Claim, in full and final satisfaction, settlement, release, and discharge of and in exchange for each Allowed Claim in Class D1, each such Holder shall receive, at the option of the applicable EFH Shared Services Debtor(s) either: 
              (i) 
    payment in full in Cash; 
              (ii) 
    delivery of collateral securing any such Claim and payment of any interest required under section 506(b) of the Bankruptcy Code; 
              (iii) 
    Reinstatement of such Claim; or 
              (iv) 
    other treatment rendering such Claim Unimpaired. 
              (c) 
    Voting:    Class D1 is Unimpaired under the Plan.  Holders of Claims in Class D1 are conclusively deemed to have accepted the Plan pursuant to section 1126(f) of the Bankruptcy Code.  Therefore, such Holders are not entitled to vote to accept or reject the Plan. 
     38.        Class D2 - Other Priority Claims Against the EFH Shared Services Debtors. 
           (a) 
    Classification  :  Class D2 consists of Other Priority Claims Against the EFH Shared Services Debtors.   
              (b) 
    Treatment  :  Except to the extent that a Holder of an Allowed Claim in Class D2 agrees to a less favorable treatment of its Allowed Claim, in full and final satisfaction, settlement, release, and discharge of and in exchange for each Allowed Claim in Class D2, each such Holder shall receive, at the option of the applicable EFH Shared Services Debtor(s), either: 
              (i) 
    payment in full in Cash; or 
              (ii) 
    other treatment rendering such Claim Unimpaired. 
              (c) 
    Voting  :  Class D2 is Unimpaired under the Plan.  Holders of Claims in Class D2 are conclusively deemed to have accepted the Plan pursuant to section 1126(f) of the Bankruptcy Code.  Therefore, such Holders are not entitled to vote to accept or reject the Plan. 
     39.        Class D3 - General Unsecured Claims Against the EFH Shared Services Debtors. 
           (a) 
    Classification  :  Class D3 consists of General Unsecured Claims Against the EFH Shared Services Debtors. 
              (b) 
    Treatment  :  Except to the extent that a Holder of an Allowed Claim in Class D3 agrees to a less favorable treatment of its Allowed Claim, in full and final satisfaction, settlement, release, and discharge of and in exchange for each Allowed Claim in Class D3, each such Holder shall receive, at the option of the applicable EFH Shared Services Debtor(s), either: 
              (i) 
    payment in full in Cash; 
              (ii) 
    Reinstatement of such Claim; or 
              (iii) 
    other treatment rendering such Claim Unimpaired. 
              (c) 
    Voting  :  Class D3 is Unimpaired under the Plan.  Holders of Claims in Class D3 are conclusively deemed to have accepted the Plan pursuant to section 1126(f) of the Bankruptcy Code.  Therefore, such Holders are not entitled to vote to accept or reject the Plan. 
     40.        Class D4 - EFH Shared Services Debtor Intercompany Claims. 
           (a) 
    Classification  :  Class D4 consists of EFH Shared Services Debtor Intercompany Claims. 
              (b) 
    Treatment  :  EFH Shared Services Debtor Intercompany Claims shall be, at the option of the applicable EFH Shared Services Debtor(s), either: 
              (i) 
    Reinstated; or 
              (ii) 
    canceled and released without any distribution on account of such Claims. 
              (c) 
    Voting  :  Holders of Claims in Class D4 are conclusively deemed to have accepted or rejected the Plan pursuant to section 1126(f) or section 1126(g) of the Bankruptcy Code, respectively.  Therefore, such Holders are not entitled to vote to accept or reject the Plan. 
     41.        Class D5 - Non-EFH Shared Services Debtor Intercompany Claims. 
           (a) 
    Classification  :  Class D5 consists of Non-EFH Shared Services Debtor Intercompany Claims. 
              (b) 
    Treatment  : Non-EFH Shared Services Debtor Intercompany Claims shall be canceled and released without any distribution on account of such Claims.  
              (c) 
    Voting  :  Class D5 is Impaired under the Plan.  Holders of Claims in Class D5 are conclusively deemed to have rejected the Plan pursuant to section 1126(g) of the Bankruptcy Code.  Therefore, such Holders are not entitled to vote to accept or reject the Plan. 
     42.        Class D6 - Interests in the EFH Shared Services Debtors. 
           (a) 
    Classification  :  Class D6 consists of Interests in the EFH Shared Services Debtors. 
              (b) 
    Treatment  :  Interests in the EFH Shared Services Debtors shall be Reinstated. 
              (c) 
    Voting  :  Holders of Interests in Class D6 are conclusively deemed to have accepted the Plan pursuant to section 1126(f) of the Bankruptcy Code.  Therefore, such Holders are not entitled to vote to accept or reject the Plan. 
      
           C. 
    Special Provision Governing Unimpaired Claims. 
     Except as otherwise provided in the Plan, nothing under the Plan shall affect the Debtors  rights in respect of any Unimpaired Claims, including all rights in respect of legal and equitable defenses to or setoffs or recoupments against any such Unimpaired Claims. 
   
  D.        Elimination of Vacant Classes. 
  Any Class of Claims or Interests that, as of the commencement of the Confirmation Hearing, does not have at least one Holder of a Claim or Interest that is Allowed in an amount greater than zero for voting purposes pursuant to the Disclosure Statement Order shall be considered vacant, deemed eliminated from the Plan for purposes of voting to accept or reject the Plan, and disregarded for purposes of determining whether the Plan satisfies section 1129(a)(8) of the Bankruptcy Code with respect to that Class. 
   
   Section 1129(a)(10) of the Bankruptcy Code shall be satisfied for purposes of Confirmation by acceptance of the Plan by one or more of the Classes entitled to vote pursuant to Article III.B of the Plan.  The Debtors shall seek Confirmation of the Plan pursuant to section 1129(b) of the Bankruptcy Code with respect to any rejecting Class of Claims or Interests. 
   
           F. 
    Controversy Concerning Impairment. 
     If a controversy arises as to whether any Claims or Interests, or any Class of Claims or Interests, are Impaired, the Bankruptcy Court shall, after notice and a hearing, determine such controversy on or before the Confirmation Date. 
   
           G. 
    Subordinated Claims and Interests. 
     The allowance, classification, and treatment of all Allowed Claims and Allowed Interests and the respective distributions and treatments under the Plan take into account and conform  to the relative priority and rights of the Claims and Interests in each Class in connection with any contractual, legal, and equitable subordination rights relating thereto, whether arising under general principles of equitable subordination, section 510(b) of the Bankruptcy Code, or otherwise.  Pursuant to section 510 of the Bankruptcy Code, the Debtors or Reorganized Debtors reserve the right to re-classify any Allowed Claim in accordance with any contractual, legal, or equitable subordination relating thereto.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Plan gives effect to the TCEH First Lien Intercreditor Agreement and no additional changes to the allowance, classification, treatment, or distributions shall be made as a result of the TCEH First Lien Intercreditor Agreement except for any such changes provided for or otherwise consistent with the TCEH First Lien Creditor Plan Distribution Allocation Order as contemplated by Article III.B.29 of the Plan;   provided  , that notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing herein shall impair, prejudice, release, compromise or waive the rights, claims, Causes of Action, defenses or remedies of any Holder of Allowed Class C3 Claims against any other Holder of Allowed Class C3 Claims (other than the TCEH First Lien Agent, except in the TCEH First Lien Agent s capacity as a nominal defendant to declaratory judgment claims in respect of which no monetary recovery is sought) in connection with the TCEH First Lien Creditor Deposit L/C Collateral Allocation Dispute.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the TCEH First Lien Agent and the Holders of Allowed TCEH First Lien Claims shall be deemed to have waived any rights under the TCEH Second Lien Intercreditor Agreement to extent such rights would, in any way, impair or diminish the recoveries of the Holders of Allowed TCEH Second Lien Note Claims under this Plan or related documents. 
   
  ARTICLE IV.          MEANS FOR IMPLEMENTATION OF THE PLAN 
   
           A. 
    General Settlement of Claims and Interests. 
     Pursuant to section 1123 of the Bankruptcy Code and Bankruptcy Rule 9019, and in consideration for the classification, distributions, releases, and other benefits provided under the Plan, upon the Effective Date, the provisions of the Plan shall constitute a good faith compromise and settlement of all Claims and Interests and controversies resolved pursuant to the Plan.  Subject to Article VI of the Plan, all distributions made to Holders of Allowed Claims and Allowed Interests in any Class are intended to be and shall be final. 
   
           B. 
    Restructuring Transactions. 
     1.        Restructuring Transactions. 
  On the Effective Date, the Debtors or the Reorganized Debtors, as applicable, will effectuate the Restructuring Transactions, and will take any actions as may be necessary or advisable to effect a corporate restructuring of their respective businesses or a corporate restructuring of the overall corporate structure of the Debtors, to the extent provided herein or in the Transaction Agreements.  The actions to implement the Restructuring Transactions may include:  (a) the execution and delivery of appropriate agreements, including Transaction Agreements, or other documents of merger, amalgamation, consolidation, restructuring, conversion, disposition, transfer, arrangement, continuance, dissolution, sale, purchase, or liquidation containing terms that are consistent with the terms of the Plan and that satisfy the requirements of applicable law and any other terms to which the applicable Entities may agree; (b) the execution and delivery of appropriate instruments of transfer, assignment, assumption, or delegation of any asset, property, right, liability, debt, or obligation on terms consistent with the terms of the Plan and having other terms for which the applicable parties agree; (c) the filing of appropriate certificates or articles of incorporation, formation, reincorporation, merger, consolidation, conversion, amalgamation, arrangement, continuance, dissolution, or other organizational documents pursuant to applicable state law; and (d) all other actions that the applicable Entities determine to be necessary or advisable, including making filings or recordings that may be required by law in connection with the Plan, in each case with the consent of (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld), and in form and substance reasonably acceptable to, (i) the Plan Sponsor if related to or affecting any EFH Debtor or EFIH Debtor, any Reorganized EFH Debtor, any EFIH Debtor, any Reorganized EFIH Debtor, the Plan Sponsor, or any pre-Merger Affiliate of the Plan Sponsor and (ii) the TCEH Supporting First Lien Creditors if related to or affecting any TCEH Debtor or EFH Shared Services Debtor, any Reorganized TCEH Debtor, any Reorganized EFH Shared Services Debtor, or the TCEH Supporting First Lien Creditors. 
  The Confirmation Order shall and shall be deemed to, pursuant to both section 1123 and section 363 of the Bankruptcy Code, authorize, among other things, all actions as may be necessary or appropriate to effect any transaction described in, approved by, contemplated by, or necessary to effectuate the Plan, including the Restructuring Transactions. 
  2.        Manner of TCEH Debtors  Separation from EFH Debtors. 
  The TCEH Debtors shall be separated from the EFH Debtors pursuant to either the Spin-Off or the Taxable Separation; provided that the Tax Matters Agreement, the Transition Services Agreement, the Amended and Restated Split Participant Agreement, and the Separation Agreement must be in full force and effect and, in each case, be in form and substance acceptable to the Plan Sponsor.  If (a) the Spin-Off Conditions are satisfied on or before the Spin-Off Conditions Termination Date and (b) the Spin-Off Conditions remain satisfied as of the TCEH Effective Date, then the TCEH Debtors will effectuate the Spin-Off on the TCEH Effective Date.  In all other circumstances, the TCEH Debtors will effectuate the Taxable Separation on the TCEH Effective Date. For the avoidance of doubt, if the Spin-Off Conditions are not satisfied on or before the Spin-Off Conditions Termination Date for any reason, the Plan as it relates to the TCEH Debtors shall automatically be effectuated pursuant to the Taxable Separation; provided that the Tax Matters Agreement, the Transition Services Agreement, the Amended and Restated Split Participant Agreement, and the Separation Agreement must be in full force and effect and, in each case, be in form and substance acceptable to the Plan Sponsor.   
           (a) 
    Spin-Off.  If applicable, the TCEH Debtors will undertake the Spin-Off, as follows:   
              A. 
    TCEH formed Reorganized TCEH prior to the TCEH Effective Date;  
              B. 
    on the TCEH Effective Date, except for liabilities assumed by Reorganized TCEH pursuant to the Plan, TCEH shall assume the obligations of its subsidiaries that are TCEH Debtors to make distributions pursuant to and in accordance with the Plan that are to be made after the TCEH Effective Date;  
              C. 
    pursuant to the Separation Agreement, TCEH and the EFH Debtors will make the Contribution to Reorganized TCEH, in exchange for which TCEH shall receive 100% of the (i) Reorganized TCEH membership interests and (ii) the net Cash proceeds of the New Reorganized TCEH Debt (or, at the TCEH Supporting First Lien Creditors  election, with the consent of the Debtors, all or a portion of such New Reorganized TCEH Debt);   
              D. 
    immediately following the Contribution, TCEH and Reorganized TCEH shall effectuate the Spin-Off Preferred Stock Sale, including the distribution of the proceeds thereof to TCEH; 
              E. 
    immediately following the Spin-Off Preferred Stock Sale, Reorganized TCEH shall undertake the Reorganized TCEH Conversion; and 
              F. 
    following the Reorganized TCEH Conversion, TCEH will make the Distribution, and all Claims against the TCEH Debtors (other than liabilities assumed by Reorganized TCEH pursuant to the Plan) will be cancelled in connection therewith. 
              (b) 
    Taxable Separation.  If applicable, the TCEH     Debtors will undertake the Taxable Separation, as set forth in the Taxable Separation Memorandum. 
     3.        TCEH Basis Step-Up. 
  If the Spin-Off is effectuated pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth in Article IV.B.2, pursuant to the Spin-Off Preferred Stock Sale, gain will be triggered in an amount not in excess of, and in order to achieve, the Basis Step-Up. 
  4.        Transition Services Agreement; Separation Agreement; and Amended and Restated Split Participant Agreement. 
  On the TCEH Effective Date, (a) EFH and TEX Operations Company LLC will enter into the Transition Services Agreement, if requested to do so by the Plan Sponsor or EFH Corp.,     (b) Reorganized TCEH, the EFH Debtors, and the EFIH Debtors will enter into the Separation Agreement; and (c) Oncor Electric and Reorganized TCEH will enter into the Amended and Restated Split Participant Agreement.      After the TCEH Effective Date, the Transition Services Agreement, Separation Agreement, and Amended and Restated Split Participant Agreement shall only be amended or modified (x) in accordance with their respective terms and (y) with the consent of Reorganized TCEH and the Plan Sponsor. 
  5.        IPO Conversion Plan. 
  If requested by the Plan Sponsor, on the EFH Effective Date, EFH Corp. and EFIH will implement and exercise their rights, if any, as direct or indirect equity holders of Oncor, and take other actions within their reasonable control, to cause Oncor to implement the IPO Conversion Plan. 
  6.        Tax Matters Agreement. 
  On the TCEH Effective Date, EFH Corp., Reorganized TCEH, and EFIH shall enter into the Tax Matters Agreement.  After the TCEH Effective Date, the Tax Matters Agreement shall not be amended or modified in any manner without the written consent of Reorganized TCEH and the Plan Sponsor unless, with respect to the consent of the Plan Sponsor, the Merger Agreement shall have been terminated in accordance with its terms and without consummation of the Merger. 
  7.        Minority Interest Acquisition. 
  On or before the Effective Date, Merger Sub or an Affiliate thereof may, but shall not be required to, complete the Minority Interest Acquisition.  For the avoidance of doubt, implementation and/or consummation of the Minority Interest Acquisition shall not be a condition to Confirmation or the occurrence of the EFH Effective Date. 
  1.        Issuance and Allocation of Reorganized EFH Common Stock. 
  On the EFH Effective Date, immediately prior to the Merger Effective Time and after the Spin-Off, Reorganized EFH shall issue and deliver the Reorganized EFH Common Stock to the EFH/EFIH Distribution Account.  The EFH/EFIH Plan Administrator shall direct the Disbursing Agent to allocate the Reorganized EFH Class A Common Stock to the EFH Creditor Recovery Pool and the Reorganized EFH Class B Common Stock to the EFIH Unsecured Creditor Recovery Pool.  For the avoidance of doubt, all distributions to Holders of Claims against the EFIH Debtors and EFH Debtors shall be made in accordance with the priorities set forth in the Bankruptcy Code. 
  2.        Merger, Merger Consideration, and Other Plan Sponsor Payments. 
  The Merger shall be effectuated and funded as follows on the EFH Effective Date in accordance with the Merger Agreement: 
           (a) 
    Reorganized EFH will merge with and into Merger Sub in a tax-free reorganization under section 368(a)(1)(A) of the Internal Revenue Code, with Merger Sub being the surviving entity resulting from the Merger, on the terms and subject to the conditions of the Merger Agreement and pursuant to the Plan and the applicable provisions of Chapter 10 of the Texas Business Organizations Code and the General Corporate Law of the State of Delaware.  Pursuant to the Merger, Merger Sub shall acquire all assets and liabilities of Reorganized EFH.   
              (b) 
    The Reorganized EFH Class A Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Merger Effective Time shall be converted into the right to receive the NextEra Class A Common Stock Investment and the Reorganized EFH Class B Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Merger Effective Time shall be converted into the right to receive the NextEra Class B Common Stock Investment, and each of the NextEra Class A Common Stock and the NextEra Class B Common Stock shall be distributed to certain Holders of Claims in accordance with the Plan. 
              (c) 
    The Plan Sponsor shall, or shall cause an Affiliate of the Plan Sponsor to, deliver to EFIH by wire transfer of immediately available funds the EFIH First Lien DIP Repayment Amount, which shall be used to fund repayment of the EFIH First Lien DIP Claims, or, in lieu of making such wire transfer to EFIH, may transfer by wire transfer of immediately available funds the EFIH First Lien DIP Repayment Amount directly to the EFIH First Lien DIP Agent in accordance with terms of Section 1.3 of the Merger Agreement. 
              (d) 
    Merger Sub will deliver the EFIH Second Lien Note Repayment by wire transfer of immediately available funds to EFIH, which shall be used to fund payment of Allowed EFIH Second Lien Note Claims on the EFH Effective Date. 
              (e) 
    Merger Sub will deliver the Merger Sub Cash Amount by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the EFH Plan Administrator Board for deposit in the EFH/EFIH Distribution Account;     provided, however  , that on the EFH Effective Date,     $100,000,000 of the Merger Sub Cash Amount shall be set aside and such amount shall be deposited and held in the Merger Sub Account in accordance with the terms thereof.  
              (f) 
    EFIH will deliver any Cash on hand at EFIH as of the EFH Effective Date by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the EFH Plan Administrator Board for deposit in the EFH/EFIH Distribution Account. 
     After the EFH Effective Date, the Auditor shall conduct the Post-Closing Audit in accordance with the Merger Agreement.      If the Adjusted Company Cash Amount is greater than the Estimated Company Cash Amount, NextEra shall deliver by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the EFH Plan Administrator Board an amount equal to the difference in such amounts, to be distributed in accordance with the Plan.  If the Adjusted Company Cash Amount is less than the Estimated Company Cash Amount, NextEra shall receive, by wire transfer of immediately available funds from the EFH Plan Administrator Board, an amount equal to the difference in such amounts.  Upon conclusion of the Post-Closing Audit, the EFH Plan Administrator Board shall direct that an amount of Cash shall be transferred from the EFH/EFIH Distribution Account to (i) the EFH Creditor Recovery Pool equal to the amount, if any, by which the Adjusted Company Cash Amount exceeds the NextEra Class A Common Stock Investment or (ii) NextEra equal to the amount, if any, by which the NextEra Common Stock Investment exceeds the sum of the Adjusted Company Cash Amount and the amount, if any, the Merger Sub Cash Amount was reduced pursuant to Section 1.7(a)(vi) of the Merger Agreement. 
  For the avoidance of doubt, the provisions in this Article IV.B.9 are intended to ensure the satisfaction of the continuity of interest requirement under sections 355 and 368 of the Internal Revenue Code, and reasonable adjustments shall be made, including by issuing additional shares of NextEra Common Stock (with a corresponding decrease in the Merger Sub Cash Amount), to the extent NextEra reasonably concludes such adjustments are necessary to ensure such satisfaction, and further reasonable adjustments shall be made to the allocation of NextEra Common Stock and the Merger Sub Cash Amount to account for the payment of Cash to the Holders of Allowed EFH Non-Qualified Benefit Claims in accordance with the Plan and the general provisions of this paragraph. 
  3.        Dissolution and Liquidation of Certain Subsidiaries of EFH Corp. 
           (a) 
    Dissolution and Liquidation of Certain TCEH Debtor Entities. 
     EFCH, TCEH, TCEH Finance, and such other TCEH Debtor entities (other than the TCEH Debtors being   transferred   in the Spin-Off and the EFH Shared Services Debtors) as designated by the TCEH Debtors and the TCEH Supporting First Lien Creditors, shall be dissolved and liquidated in accordance with the Plan and applicable law;   provided, however  , that EFCH and TCEH will not be liquidated until the EFH Effective Date, and shall remain subsidiaries of EFH Corp. that are disregarded from EFH Corp. for U.S. federal income tax purposes until such time;   provided  ,   further  , that EFCH and TCEH shall be liquidated no later than immediately prior to the Merger Effective Time (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall be on the EFH Effective Date as provided above) and, if not liquidated, shall be deemed dissolved immediately prior to the Merger Effective Time without any further court or corporate action, including the filing of any documents with the Secretary of State for any state in which either such Entity is incorporated or any other jurisdiction.  For the avoidance of doubt, none of (i) the TCEH First Lien Supporting Creditors (ii) the TCEH Debtors; (iii) the Reorganized TCEH Debtors; (iv) the EFH Shared Services Debtors; (v) the Reorganized EFH Shared Services Debtors, or (vi) with respect to each of the foregoing Entities in clauses (i) through (vi), such Entity and its current and former Affiliates, and such Entities  and their current and former Affiliates  current and former directors, managers, officers, equity holders (regardless of whether such interests are held directly or indirectly), predecessors, successors, and assigns, subsidiaries, and each of their respective current and former equity holders, officers, directors, managers, principals, members, employees, agents, advisory board members, financial advisors, partners, attorneys, accountants, investment bankers, consultants, representatives, and other professionals, each in their capacity as such, shall have or incur any liability whatsoever in connection with or as a result of the dissolution or liquidation of any entity, in accordance with the terms of this Article IV.B.10(a). 
           (b) 
    Dissolution and Liquidation of Certain EFH Debtors and EFIH Debtors. 
     On or before the EFH Effective Date and before the Merger Effective Time, all EFH Debtors and EFIH Debtors, excluding: (a) EFH Corp.; (b) EFIH; (c) LSGT Gas Company LLC; (d) EECI, Inc., (e) EEC Holdings, Inc.; and (f) LSGT SACROC, Inc., not already disposed of, wound down, or liquidated in accordance with applicable law shall be deemed dissolved without any further court or corporate action, including the filing of any documents with the Secretary of State for any state in which any such subsidiary is incorporated or any other jurisdiction.  On the EFH Effective Date, equity interests in EFH Non-Debtors shall be abandoned pursuant to section 554 of the Bankruptcy Code;   provided  ,   however  , that equity interests in EFH Non-Debtor EFH Vermont Insurance Company shall not be abandoned and shall remain outstanding after the EFH Effective Date.  For the avoidance of doubt, none of (i) the Plan Sponsor; (ii) Merger Sub; (iii) the EFH Debtors; (iv) the Reorganized EFH Debtors; (v) EFIH; (vi) Reorganized EFIH; (vii) any other entity acquired, directly or indirectly, by the Plan Sponsor pursuant to the terms of, or as a result of, the Plan, the Merger Agreement, or any related agreement, or (viii) with respect to each of the foregoing Entities in clauses (i) through (vii), such Entity and its current and former Affiliates, and such Entities  and their current and former Affiliates  current and former directors, managers, officers, equity holders (regardless of whether such interests are held directly or indirectly), predecessors, successors, and assigns, subsidiaries, and each of their respective current and former equity holders, officers, directors, managers, principals, members, employees, agents, advisory board members, financial advisors, partners, attorneys, accountants, investment bankers, consultants, representatives, and other professionals, each in their capacity as such, shall have or incur any liability whatsoever in connection with or as a result of the wind-down, disposition, or liquidation of any entity, or the abandonment of the equity interests in any entity, in accordance with the terms of this Article IV.B.10, including, for the avoidance of doubt, the liquidation of EFCH and TCEH in accordance with Article IV.B.10(a). 
  4.        Implementation of the TCEH Settlement. 
  The TCEH Settlement Claim is in consideration for the terms and conditions embodied in the Plan and the Settlement Agreement, as applicable, including settlement of any prepetition Claim or Cause of Action of the TCEH Debtors against the EFH Debtors, the EFIH Debtors, Oncor, the Holders of Interests in EFH Corp., or their Affiliates, pursuant to Bankruptcy Rule 9019, approved by the Bankruptcy Court  . 
  In addition, on the TCEH Effective Date, and for the purposes of this Plan and the settlements and compromises incorporated herein or contemplated hereby, (a) Holders of Allowed TCEH First Lien Deficiency Claims will waive or be deemed to have waived, and the TCEH First Lien Agent will not take any action to interfere or that is inconsistent with the waiver of, any recovery or distribution on account of (but not voting rights in respect of) such Allowed TCEH First Lien Deficiency Claims (including on account of any recovery or distribution provided for in Article III.B.30) for the benefit of Holders of Allowed TCEH Deficiency Recipient Claims, and (b) all distributions of the TCEH Cash Payment that would otherwise have been distributed to, or for the benefit of, Holders of Allowed TCEH First Lien Deficiency Claims pursuant this Plan (including the distributions provided for in Article III.B.30) will instead be distributed Pro Rata to Holders of Allowed TCEH Deficiency Recipient Claims, such that each Holder of an Allowed TCEH Deficiency Recipient Claim receives a proportion thereof equal to the amount its Allowed TCEH Deficiency Recipient Claim bears to the aggregate amount of all Allowed TCEH Deficiency Recipient Claims;   provided, however,   that in full and final satisfaction, settlement, release, and discharge of all PCRB Claims and Causes of Action related to the PCRBs, PCRB Claims shall be deemed TCEH Deficiency Recipient Claims and Holders of Allowed PCRB Claims shall receive distributions of the TCEH Cash Payment that would otherwise have been distributed to, or for the benefit of, Holders of Allowed TCEH First Lien Deficiency Claims pursuant to this Plan (including the distributions provided for in Article III.B.30) only to the extent necessary to cause the distributions pursuant to this Plan (including the distributions provided for in Article III.B.30) to Holders of Allowed PCRB Claims to equal 54% of the distributions the Holders of Allowed PCRB Claims would have received pursuant to this Plan if the Allowed TCEH First Lien Deficiency Claims had been waived or deemed to have been waived for the benefit of all Holders of Allowed TCEH Unsecured Debt Claims and Allowed General Unsecured Claims Against the TCEH Debtors Other Than EFCH.  For the avoidance of doubt, under no circumstance will any Holder of an Allowed TCEH First Lien Deficiency Claim receive any recovery or distribution on account of such Allowed TCEH First Lien Deficiency Claims under the Plan (including on account of any recovery or distribution provided for in Article III.B.30). 
  Solely for purposes of allocating the TCEH Cash Payment among the Holders of Allowed TCEH Unsecured Note Claims, Allowed TCEH Second Lien Note Claims, Allowed PCRB Claims, and Allowed General Unsecured Claims Against the TCEH Debtors Other Than EFCH:  (a) the Settlement Agreement Professional Fees of the TCEH Unsecured Ad Hoc Group and the TCEH Second Lien Consortium that (i) are actually paid pursuant to Paragraph P of the Settlement Order and (ii) are not subject to or covered by the TCEH Unsecured Notes Trustee s and TCEH Second Lien Notes Trustee s  charging liens,  respectively, shall reduce Pro Rata the distributions to all holders of Allowed TCEH Unsecured Note Claims, Allowed TCEH Second Lien Note Claims, Allowed PCRB Claims, and Allowed General Unsecured Claims Against the TCEH Debtors Other Than EFCH based on the amounts of the respective distributions such Holders would otherwise receive but for such reduction and after taking into account the other provisions of this Article IV.B.11; (b) the Settlement Agreement Professional Fees  of the TCEH Unsecured Ad Hoc Group and TCEH Unsecured Notes Trustee that (i) are actually paid pursuant to Paragraph P of the Settlement Order and (ii) are subject to or covered by the TCEH Unsecured Note Trustee s  charging lien  shall reduce Pro Rata the distributions to Holders of Allowed TCEH Unsecured Notes Claims based on the amounts of their Allowed Claims; and (c) the Settlement Agreement Professional Fees of the TCEH Second Lien Consortium and TCEH Second Lien Notes Trustee that (i) are actually paid pursuant to Paragraph P and (ii) are subject to or covered by the TCEH Second Lien Notes Trustee s  charging lien,  shall reduce Pro Rata the distributions to holders of Allowed TCEH Second Lien Note Claims based on the amounts of their Allowed Claims. 
   
           C. 
    Sources of Consideration for Plan Distributions. 
     Distributions under the Plan with respect to the TCEH Debtors shall be funded with, as applicable:  (1) Cash on hand at the TCEH Debtors; (2) the New Reorganized TCEH Debt and/or the Cash proceeds thereof; (3) the Cash proceeds of the Spin-Off Preferred Stock Sale or any sale of stock or securities pursuant to the Taxable Separation; (4) the Reorganized TCEH Common Stock; and (5) the Spin-Off TRA Rights (if any) or Taxable Separation TRA Rights (if any).  The Reorganized EFH Debtors and the Reorganized EFIH Debtors shall fund distributions under the Plan, as applicable, with:  (1) Cash on hand at EFH Corp. and EFIH; (2) the Plan Sponsor Cash Amount; (3) the NextEra Common Stock; and (4) the Reorganized EFH Common Stock.  Distributions under the Plan with respect to the EFH Shared Services Debtors shall be funded with Cash on hand at the EFH Shared Services Debtors.  Each distribution and issuance referred to in Article VI of the Plan shall be governed by the terms and conditions set forth herein applicable to such distribution or issuance and by the terms and conditions of the instruments or other documents evidencing or relating to such distribution or issuance, which terms and conditions shall bind each Entity receiving such distribution or issuance.  The issuance of certain securities in connection with the Plan, including the Reorganized TCEH Common Stock and the Reorganized EFH Common Stock, will be exempt from SEC registration to the fullest extent permitted by law. 
  1.        Cash on Hand at the TCEH Debtors.  
  TCEH shall use Cash on hand at the TCEH Debtors to fund distributions to certain Holders of Claims against the TCEH Debtors in accordance with the Plan. 
  2.        New Reorganized TCEH Debt.  
  Before the Reorganized TCEH Conversion, OpCo shall enter into the New Reorganized TCEH Debt Documents and incur the New Reorganized TCEH Debt,   provided, however  , that if the Taxable Separation is effectuated pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth in Article IV.B.2, OpCo shall enter into the New Reorganized TCEH Debt Documents and incur the New Reorganized TCEH Debt on the TCEH Effective Date.  Confirmation shall constitute approval of the New Reorganized TCEH Debt Documents (including the transactions contemplated thereby, and all actions to be undertaken, undertakings to be made, and obligations to be incurred by Reorganized TCEH in connection therewith), and authorization for Reorganized TCEH to enter into and execute the Reorganized TCEH Debt Documents, subject to such modifications as Reorganized TCEH may deem to be reasonably necessary to consummate the Reorganized TCEH Debt Documents. 
  OpCo will distribute the Cash proceeds of the New Reorganized TCEH Debt (or, at the TCEH Supporting First Lien Creditors  election, all or a portion of such New Reorganized TCEH Debt to TCEH), and TCEH shall use such proceeds (or such New Reorganized TCEH Debt) to fund distributions to certain Holders of Claims against the TCEH Debtors in accordance with the Plan.   
  3.        Reorganized TCEH Common Stock. 
  Reorganized TCEH shall be authorized to issue 450,000,000 shares of Reorganized TCEH Common Stock, subject to dilution only by the Reorganized TCEH Debtor Management Incentive Plan.  Reorganized TCEH shall issue all securities, instruments, certificates, and other documents required to be issued for the Reorganized TCEH Common Stock in respect of Reorganized TCEH or its subsidiaries.  All of the shares of Reorganized TCEH Common Stock issued pursuant to the Plan shall be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid, and non-assessable.  
  Certain Holders of Reorganized TCEH Common Stock shall be parties to the Reorganized TCEH Registration Rights Agreement. 
  4.        Reorganized TCEH Sub Preferred Stock. 
  If the Spin-Off is effectuated pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth in Article IV.B.2, the Reorganized TCEH     Debtors shall enter into the Spin-Off Preferred Stock Sale.  Under the Spin-Off Preferred Stock Sale, the Preferred Stock Entity will be authorized to issue a certain number of shares of Reorganized TCEH Sub Preferred Stock, the terms of which shall be consistent with the description of the preferred stock contained in the IRS Submissions previously filed by the Debtors (unless otherwise consented to by the Debtors, the Plan Sponsor, and the TCEH Supporting First Lien Creditors (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed, or conditioned)).  The Preferred Stock Entity shall issue all securities, instruments, certificates, and other documents required to be issued for the Reorganized TCEH Sub Preferred Stock in respect of Reorganized TCEH or its subsidiaries.  All of the shares of Reorganized TCEH Sub Preferred Stock issued pursuant to the Plan shall be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid, and non-assessable. 
  Reorganized TCEH will distribute the Cash proceeds from the sale of the Reorganized TCEH Sub Preferred Stock to TCEH prior to the Reorganized TCEH Conversion, and TCEH shall use such proceeds to fund distributions to certain Holders of Allowed Claims against the TCEH Debtors in accordance with the Plan. 
  5.        Reorganized EFH Common Stock. 
  On the EFH Effective Date, Reorganized EFH shall be authorized to issue the Reorganized EFH Common Stock, which (a) Reorganized EFH Class A Common Stock constituting the EFH Creditor Recovery Pool shall be converted into a number of shares of Next Era Class A Common Stock equal to the NextEra Class A Common Stock Investment in accordance with the Merger Agreement and (b) Reorganized EFH Class B Common Stock constituting the EFIH Unsecured Creditor Recovery Pool shall be converted into a number of shares of NextEra Class B Common Stock equal to the NextEra Class B Common Stock Investment in accordance with the Merger Agreement. 
  Reorganized EFH shall issue all securities, instruments, certificates, and other documents required to be issued with respect to the Reorganized EFH Common Stock constituting the EFH Creditor Recovery Pool and constituting a portion of the EFIH Unsecured Creditor Recovery Pool in respect of Reorganized EFH or its subsidiaries.  All of the shares of Reorganized EFH Common Stock issued pursuant to the Plan shall be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid, and non-assessable. 
  6.        NextEra Common Stock. 
  On the EFH Effective Date, in accordance with the Merger Agreement, the Plan Sponsor shall make the NextEra Common Stock Investment and shall be authorized to issue the NextEra Class A Common Stock constituting the NextEra Class A Common Stock Investment and shall be authorized to issue the NextEra Class B Common Stock Investment constituting the NextEra Class B Common Stock;   provided, however  , that the NextEra Common Stock constituting the NextEra Common Stock Investment shall be issued directly by the Plan Sponsor to the Exchange Agent to the extent required by the Merger Agreement.  The Plan Sponsor shall issue all securities, instruments, certificates, and other documents required to be issued with respect to the NextEra Common Stock constituting the NextEra Common Stock Investment in respect of the Plan Sponsor or its subsidiaries.  All of the shares of NextEra Common Stock issued in connection with the Plan shall be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid, and non-assessable. 
  7.        Cash on Hand at EFH Corp. and EFIH.  
  Reorganized EFH and Reorganized EFIH shall use Cash on hand at EFH Corp. and EFIH to fund distributions to certain Holders of Allowed Claims against the EFH Debtors and the EFIH Debtors in accordance with the Plan. 
  8.        Plan Sponsor Cash Amount.  
  The EFH Debtors and the EFIH Debtors shall use the Plan Sponsor Cash Amount to fund distributions to certain Holders of Claims against the EFH Debtors and the EFIH Debtors in accordance with the Plan. 
  9.        Cash on Hand at EFH Shared Services Debtors. 
  Any Cash on hand at the EFH Shared Services Debtors as of the TCEH Effective Date shall be used to fund distributions to Holders of Allowed Claims against the EFH Shared Services Debtors in accordance with the terms of the Plan.  Any Cash on hand at the EFH Shared Services Debtors that remains on hand after payment in full of all Allowed Claims against the EFH Shared Services Debtors pursuant to the Plan shall be transferred to Reorganized TCEH.  
   
           D. 
    Intercompany Account Settlement. 
     The Debtors and the Reorganized Debtors, as applicable, including, in the case of any Conflict Matter between any Debtors, each Debtor acting at the direction of its respective Disinterested Director or Manager and without the consent of any other Debtor, subject to the consent of the Plan Sponsor and the TCEH Supporting First Lien Creditors, as applicable (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld), shall be entitled to transfer funds between and among themselves as they determine to be necessary or advisable to enable the Reorganized Debtors to satisfy their obligations under the Plan;   provided  ,   however  , that (1) the TCEH Debtors shall not transfer funds to a Debtor that is not a TCEH Debtor, and (2) the EFH Debtors and EFIH Debtors shall not transfer funds to a Debtor that is not an EFH Debtor or an EFIH Debtor, respectively, except as otherwise provided elsewhere in the Plan.  Except as set forth herein, any changes in intercompany account balances resulting from such transfers will be accounted for and settled in accordance with the Reorganized Debtors  historical intercompany account settlement practices and shall not violate the terms of the Plan. 
   
           E. 
    Competitive Tax Sharing Agreement. 
     On the TCEH Effective Date, the Competitive Tax Sharing Agreement shall automatically terminate as to the parties   and all Claims and Causes of Action arising thereunder or in any way related thereto as to the parties shall be forever fully discharged, canceled, and released. 
   
           F. 
    Oncor     Tax     Sharing Agreement. 
     On the EFH Effective Date, the Oncor Tax Sharing Agreement will be assumed by Reorganized EFH, as such agreement may be amended or assigned in a manner agreed by Oncor, Reorganized EFH, and the Plan Sponsor. 
   
           G. 
    Corporate Existence. 
     Except as otherwise provided in the Plan, including as set forth in Article IV.B.11, each Debtor shall continue to exist after the Effective Date as a separate corporate Entity, limited liability company, partnership, or other form, as the case may be, with all the powers of a corporation, limited liability company, partnership, or other form, as the case may be, pursuant to the applicable law in the jurisdiction in which each applicable Debtor is incorporated or formed and pursuant to the respective certificate of incorporation and by-laws (or other formation documents) in effect before the Effective Date, except to the extent such certificate of incorporation and by-laws (or other formation documents) are amended under the Plan or otherwise (consistent with the Merger Agreement, as applicable), and to the extent such documents are amended, such documents are deemed to be amended pursuant to the Plan and require no further action or approval (other than any requisite filings required under applicable state or federal law).  The Reorganized TCEH Debtors will continue to fund the Nuclear Decommissioning Obligations in the ordinary course of business after the TCEH Effective Date. 
   
           H. 
    Vesting of Assets in the Reorganized Debtors. 
     Except as otherwise provided in the Plan, on the Effective Date, all property in each Estate, all Causes of Action, and any property acquired by any of the Debtors pursuant to the Plan shall vest in each applicable Reorganized Debtor, free and clear of all Liens, Claims, charges, Interests, or other encumbrances.  Except as otherwise provided in the Plan, on and after the Effective Date, each of the Reorganized Debtors may operate their business and may use, acquire, or dispose of property and compromise or settle any Claims, Interests, or Causes of Action without supervision or approval by the Bankruptcy Court and free of any restrictions of the Bankruptcy Code or Bankruptcy Rules. 
   
           I. 
    Cancelation of Existing Securities and Agreements. 
     Except as otherwise provided in the Plan (including Article III.B.19 and III.B.20), on and after the Effective Date, all notes, instruments, certificates, agreements, indentures, mortgages, security documents, and other documents evidencing Claims or Interests, including Other Secured Claims, TCEH First Lien Secured Claims, EFIH First Lien Note Claims, EFIH Second Lien Note Claims, EFCH 2037 Note Claims, TCEH Second Lien Note Claims, TCEH Unsecured Note Claims, PCRB Claims, EFIH Unsecured Note Claims, EFH Legacy Note Claims, EFH LBO Note Primary Claims, EFH LBO Note Guaranty Claims, EFH Unexchanged Note Claims, EFH Swap Claims, EFH Series N Note Claims, and DIP Claims, shall be deemed canceled, surrendered, and discharged without any need for further action or approval of the Bankruptcy Court or a Holder to take further action with respect to any note(s) or security and the obligations of the Debtors or Reorganized Debtors, as applicable, thereunder or in any way related thereto shall be deemed satisfied in full and discharged, and the Indenture Trustees, the TCEH First Lien Agent, and the DIP Agents shall be released from all duties thereunder;   provided  ,   however  , that notwithstanding Confirmation or Consummation, any such indenture or agreement that governs the rights of the Holder of a Claim shall continue in effect solely for purposes of:  (1) allowing Holders of Allowed Claims to receive distributions under the Plan; (2) allowing the Indenture Trustees, the TCEH First Lien Agent, and the DIP Agents to make the distributions in accordance with the Plan (if any), as applicable; (3) preserving any rights of the DIP Agents, the TCEH First Lien Agent, or the Indenture Trustees to payment of fees, expenses, and indemnification obligations as against any money or property distributable to the Holders under the relevant indenture, the TCEH Credit Agreement, the TCEH First Lien Intercreditor Agreement, or DIP Agreement, including any rights to priority of payment and/or to exercise charging liens; (4) allowing the Indenture Trustees, TCEH First Lien Agent, and DIP Agents to enforce any obligations owed to each of them under the Plan (including any Indenture Trustee s pursuit of (x) the allowance of Makewhole Claims under the Plan, with respect to which the EFH Debtors and EFIH Debtors reserve all rights and (y) the EFIH First Lien Intercreditor Action or any other pending proceeding); and (5) allowing the Indenture Trustees, TCEH First Lien Agent, and DIP Agents to appear in the Chapter 11 Cases or any proceeding in which they are or may become a party;   provided, further, however  , that the preceding proviso shall not affect the discharge of Claims or Interests pursuant to the Bankruptcy Code, the Confirmation Order, or the Plan, or result in any expense or liability to the Debtors or Reorganized Debtors, as applicable.  For the avoidance of doubt, the TCEH First Lien Intercreditor Agreement, the TCEH Credit Agreement, and the TCEH First Lien Note Indenture remain in effect solely to the extent necessary to preserve the TCEH First Lien Creditor Allocation Disputes and the TCEH First Lien Creditor Deposit L/C Collateral Allocation Dispute, and any (a) claims or Causes of Action by the TCEH First Lien Notes Trustee, TCEH First Lien Agent, or Holders of TCEH First Lien Claims against other Holders of TCEH First Lien Claims, the TCEH First Lien Agent, or the TCEH First Lien Notes Trustee arising in connection with the TCEH First Lien Creditor Allocation Disputes, or (b) claims or Causes of Action by any Holder of Allowed Class C3 Claims against any other Holder of Allowed Class C3 Claims (other than the TCEH First Lien Agent, except in the TCEH First Lien Agent s capacity as a nominal defendant to declaratory judgment claims in respect of which no monetary recovery is sought) in the TCEH First Lien Creditor Deposit L/C Collateral Allocation Dispute (or any claims, Causes of Action or defenses of any other party to such dispute);   provided  ,   further  ,   however  , that except as expressly set forth in the Plan, after the Effective Date, the Debtors and the Reorganized Debtors shall not be obligated to pay any fees or expenses under either the TCEH First Lien Intercreditor Agreement, the TCEH First Lien Note Indenture, or the TCEH Credit Agreement arising in connection with the TCEH First Lien Creditor Allocation Disputes or the TCEH First Lien Creditor Deposit L/C Collateral Allocation Dispute, and all related Claims shall be released and discharged consistent with Article VIII.A of the Plan.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the cancelation and discharge of the EFIH First Lien Note Indentures and the EFIH Second Lien Note Indenture shall be limited solely to the Debtors or Reorganized Debtors, and such cancelation and discharge shall be solely to the extent of payments made pursuant to Article III.B.19 or Article III.B.20 of the Plan, respectively.  For the avoidance of doubt, the EFIH First Lien Note Indentures and the EFIH Second Lien Notes Indenture shall remain in effect (and the EFIH First Lien Notes Trustee and the EFIH Second Lien Notes Trustee shall remain as trustee, registrar, and paying agent for the purposes set forth in (1)-(5) of this section, as applicable). 
   
           J. 
    Corporate Action. 
     On the Effective Date, as applicable, all actions contemplated under the Plan with respect to the applicable Debtor or Reorganized Debtor, as applicable, shall be deemed authorized and approved in all respects, including:  (1) implementation of the Restructuring Transactions, including execution of the Transaction Agreements and consummation of the Merger; (2) selection of the directors and officers for the Reorganized Debtors; (3) on the TCEH Effective Date, as applicable, adoption of, entry into, and assumption and/or assignment of the New Employee Agreements/Arrangements and the Employment Agreements; (4) adoption of the Reorganized TCEH Debtor Management Incentive Plan; (5) incurrence of the New Reorganized TCEH Debt and distribution of such New Reorganized TCEH Debt or the net proceeds, if any; (6) issuance and distribution of the Reorganized TCEH Common Stock; (7) implementation of the Taxable Separation (including any issuance of stock or securities thereunder); (8) (i) the Spin-Off Preferred Stock Sale (if any); (ii) issuance and distribution of the common stock of the Preferred Stock Entity (if any); and (iii) issuance of the Reorganized TCEH Sub Preferred Stock (if any) (9) issuance and distribution of the Reorganized EFH Common Stock (including its exchange for NextEra Common Stock); (10) issuance and distribution of the NextEra Common Stock pursuant to the Merger; (11) issuance and distribution of the common stock of the Preferred Stock Entity; and (12) all other actions contemplated under the Plan (whether to occur before, on, or after the Effective Date).  All matters provided for herein involving the corporate structure of the Debtors or the Reorganized Debtors, as applicable, and any corporate action required by the Debtors or the Reorganized Debtors in connection with the Plan shall be deemed to have occurred and shall be in effect as of the Effective Date, without any requirement of further action by the Bankruptcy Court, the Debtors, the Reorganized Debtors, or their respective security holders, directors, managers, or officers.  On or before the Effective Date, the appropriate officers of the Debtors or the Reorganized Debtors shall be authorized and, as applicable, directed to issue, execute, and deliver the agreements, documents, securities, and instruments, and take such actions, contemplated under the Plan (or necessary or desirable to effect the transactions contemplated under the Plan) in the name of and on behalf of the Debtors or the Reorganized Debtors, as applicable, including the New Reorganized TCEH Debt Documents, the Reorganized TCEH Common Stock, the common stock of the Preferred Stock Entity, the Reorganized TCEH Sub Preferred Stock, the Reorganized EFH Common Stock, the NextEra Common Stock, the Taxable Separation TRA Rights (if any), the Spin-off TRA Rights (if any), and the Merger Agreement, as applicable, and any and all other agreements, documents, securities, and instruments relating to the foregoing, and all such documents shall be deemed ratified.  The authorizations and approvals contemplated by this Article IV.J shall be effective notwithstanding any requirements under non-bankruptcy law. 
   
           K. 
    New Organizational Documents. 
     The New Organizational Documents for Reorganized TCEH or any of its subsidiaries shall be consistent with the Tax Matters Agreement and in form and substance reasonably acceptable to TCEH and the TCEH Supporting First Lien Creditors.   
  The New Organizational Documents for Merger Sub and Reorganized EFIH shall be consistent with the Tax Matters Agreement and in form and substance reasonably acceptable to EFH Corp. and the Plan Sponsor.   
  On the Effective Date, each of the Reorganized Debtors will file its New Organizational Documents with the applicable Secretaries of State and/or other applicable authorities in its respective state of incorporation or formation in accordance with the applicable laws of the respective state of incorporation or formation.  Pursuant to section 1123(a)(6) of the Bankruptcy Code, the New Organizational Documents will prohibit the issuance of non-voting equity securities.  After the Effective Date, the Reorganized Debtors may amend and restate their respective New Organizational Documents and other constituent documents as permitted by the laws of their respective state of incorporation and its respective New Organizational Documents. 
   
           L. 
    Directors and Officers of the Reorganized Debtors. 
     As of the Effective Date, the term of the current members of the board of directors of the applicable Debtors shall expire, and the initial boards of directors, including the New Boards, as applicable, and the officers of each of the Reorganized Debtors shall be appointed in accordance with the respective New Organizational Documents.  Pursuant to section 1129(a)(5) of the Bankruptcy Code, the Debtors will disclose in the Plan Supplement the identity and affiliations of any person proposed to serve on the initial board of directors or be an officer of each of the Reorganized Debtors.  To the extent any such director or officer of the Reorganized Debtors is an  insider  under the Bankruptcy Code, the Debtors also will disclose the nature of any compensation to be paid to such director or officer.  With respect to the TCEH Debtors and EFH Shared Services Debtors, each such director and officer shall serve from and after the TCEH Effective Date pursuant to the terms of the New Organizational Documents, the New Employee Agreements/Arrangements, the Employment Agreements (assumed and assigned to Reorganized TCEH in accordance with the Plan and the Plan Supplement), and other constituent documents of the Reorganized TCEH Debtors and Reorganized EFH Shared Services Debtors. 
   
   Pursuant to, and to the fullest extent permitted by, section 1146 of the Bankruptcy Code, any transfers of property pursuant to, in contemplation of, or in connection with, the Plan, including (1) the Restructuring Transactions; (2) the New Reorganized TCEH Debt; (3) the Reorganized TCEH Common Stock; (4) the Reorganized TCEH Preferred Stock (if any); (5) the common stock of the Preferred Stock Entity (if any); (6) the Reorganized TCEH Sub Preferred Stock (if any) (7) the Reorganized EFH Common Stock (including the exchange for NextEra Common Stock pursuant to and in accordance with the Merger Agreement); (8) the common stock of the Preferred Stock Entity; (9) the Reorganized TCEH Sub Preferred Stock; (10) the NextEra Common Stock issued in connection with the Plan Sponsor Investment; (11) the Spin-Off TRA Rights (if any); (12) the Taxable Separation TRA Rights (if any); (13) the assignment or surrender of any lease or sublease; and (14) the delivery of any deed or other instrument or transfer order, in furtherance of, or in connection with the Plan, including any deeds, bills of sale, or assignments executed in connection with any disposition or transfer of assets contemplated under the Plan, shall not be subject to any document recording tax, stamp tax, conveyance fee, intangibles or similar tax, mortgage tax, stamp act, real estate transfer, mortgage recording tax, or other similar tax, and upon entry of the Confirmation Order, the appropriate state or local governmental officials or agents shall forgo the collection of any such tax or governmental assessment and accept for filing and recordation any of the foregoing instruments or other documents without the payment of any such tax, recordation fee, or governmental assessment. 
   
           N. 
    Director, Officer, Manager, and Employee Liability Insurance. 
     1.        TCEH Debtors and EFH Shared Services Debtors Director, Officer, Manager, and Employee Liability Insurance. 
  On or before the Effective Date, the TCEH Debtors and EFH Shared Services Debtors, on behalf of the Reorganized TCEH Debtors and the Reorganized EFH Shared Services Debtors, respectively, will obtain sufficient liability insurance policy coverage for the six-year period following the Effective Date for the benefit of the TCEH Debtors  and EFH Shared Services Debtors  respective current and former directors, managers, officers, and employees on terms no less favorable to the directors, managers, officers, and employees than the TCEH Debtors  and EFH Shared Services Debtors  respective existing director, officer, manager, and employee coverage and with an available aggregate limit of liability upon the Effective Date of no less than the aggregate limit of liability under the existing director, officer, manager, and employee coverage upon placement;   provided  ,   however  , that the costs of such policies shall be reasonably allocated among the TCEH Debtors and the EFH Shared Services Debtors in a manner reasonably acceptable to the TCEH Debtors and EFH Shared Services Debtors and the TCEH Supporting First Lien Creditors.  After the Effective Date, none of the TCEH Debtors, Reorganized TCEH Debtors, EFH Shared Services Debtors, or Reorganized EFH Shared Services Debtors shall terminate or otherwise reduce the coverage under any director, officer, manager, and employee insurance policies (including the  tail policy ) in effect on the Effective Date, with respect to conduct occurring prior thereto, and all officers, directors, managers, and employees of the TCEH Debtors or EFH Shared Services Debtors, as applicable, who served in such capacity at any time before the Effective Date shall be entitled to the full benefits of any such policy for the full term of such policy regardless of whether such officers, directors, managers, or employees remain in such positions after the Effective Date. 
  2.        EFH Debtors and EFIH Debtors Director, Officer, Manager, and Employee Liability Insurance. 
  On or before the Effective Date, the EFH Debtors and EFIH Debtors, on behalf of the Reorganized EFH Debtors and Reorganized EFIH, shall obtain liability insurance policy coverage for the benefit of the EFH Debtors  and EFIH Debtors  respective current and former directors, managers, officers, and employees in accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement, and shall thereafter maintain such insurance policy coverage to the extent provided by, and subject to the limitations of, the Merger Agreement. 
   
           O. 
    Reorganized TCEH Debtor Management Incentive Plan. 
     The Reorganized TCEH Debtor Management Incentive Plan is hereby approved in its entirety and shall be implemented on the TCEH Effective Date by the applicable Reorganized Debtors without any further action by the Reorganized TCEH Board or the Bankruptcy Court. 
   
           P. 
       Employee Obligations. 
     Except (i) as otherwise provided in the Plan or the Plan Supplement and (ii) with respect to the EFH Non Qualified Benefit Plans, which shall be terminated on the TCEH Effective Date pursuant to the EFH Confirmation Order as obligations of the EFH Debtors (any Allowed Claims arising from the termination of such EFH Non-Qualified Benefits Plans shall be treated pursuant to Article III.B.8 of the Plan), the (x) Reorganized TCEH Debtors shall honor the Debtors  written contracts, agreements, policies, programs and plans for, among other things, compensation, reimbursement, indemnity, change of control, health care benefits, disability benefits, deferred compensation benefits, travel benefits, vacation and sick leave benefits, savings, severance benefits, retirement benefits, welfare benefits, relocation programs, life insurance and accidental death and dismemberment insurance, including written contracts, agreements, policies, programs and plans for bonuses and other incentives or compensation for the directors, officers and employees of any of the Debtors who served in such capacity at any time (including the compensation programs approved by the Bankruptcy Court pursuant to the 2015 Compensation Order and the 2016 Compensation Order) and (y) except as may be expressly set forth in the Merger Agreement, none of the EFH Debtors, the Reorganized EFH Debtors, the EFIH Debtors, the Reorganized EFIH Debtors, Oncor, the Plan Sponsor, or any Affiliate of the Plan Sponsor shall have any liability for the matters set forth in the foregoing clause (x).  Any of the above-listed contracts, agreements, policies, programs and plans that is an executory contract, pursuant to sections 365 and 1123 of the Bankruptcy Code, shall be deemed assumed as of the TCEH Effective Date and, to the extent that any EFIH Debtor or EFH Debtor is a party to such executory contract, assigned to the Reorganized TCEH Debtors. 
   
           Q. 
    Preservation of Causes of Action. 
     In accordance with section 1123(b) of the Bankruptcy Code, but subject to Article VIII of the Plan, the Reorganized Debtors shall retain and may enforce all rights to commence and pursue any and all Causes of Action belonging to their Estates, whether arising before or after the Petition Date, including any actions specifically enumerated in the Plan Supplement, and the Reorganized Debtors  rights to commence, prosecute, or settle such Causes of Action shall be preserved notwithstanding the occurrence of the applicable Effective Date, other than:  (i) the Causes of Action released by the Debtors pursuant to the releases and exculpations contained in the Plan, including in Article VIII, which shall be deemed released and waived by the Debtors and Reorganized Debtors as of the Effective Date; (ii) all Causes of Action that arise under sections 544, 547, 548, and 549 of the Bankruptcy Code and state fraudulent conveyance law; and (iii) the Causes of Action released by the Debtors pursuant to the Settlement Agreement. 
  The Reorganized Debtors may pursue such Causes of Action, as appropriate, in accordance with the best interests of the Reorganized Debtors.    No Entity may rely on the absence of a specific reference in the Plan, the Plan Supplement, or the Disclosure Statement to any Cause of Action against it as any indication that the Debtors or the Reorganized Debtors, as applicable, will not pursue any and all available Causes of Action against it.    Unless any Causes of Action against an Entity are expressly waived, relinquished, exculpated, released, compromised, or settled herein or in a Bankruptcy Court order, the Reorganized Debtors expressly reserve all Causes of Action, for later adjudication, and, therefore, no preclusion doctrine, including the doctrines of res judicata, collateral estoppel, issue preclusion, claim preclusion, estoppel (judicial, equitable, or otherwise), or laches, shall apply to such Causes of Action upon, after, or as a consequence of Confirmation or Consummation. 
  The Reorganized Debtors reserve and shall retain the Causes of Action notwithstanding the rejection of any Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease during the Chapter 11 Cases or pursuant to the Plan.  In accordance with section 1123(b)(3) of the Bankruptcy Code, any Causes of Action that a Debtor may hold against any Entity shall vest in the Reorganized Debtors.  The Reorganized Debtors shall have the exclusive right, authority, and discretion to determine and to initiate, file, prosecute, enforce, abandon, settle, compromise, release, withdraw, or litigate to judgment any such Causes of Action and to decline to do any of the foregoing without the consent or approval of any third party or further notice to or action, order, or approval of the Bankruptcy Court. 
   
           R. 
    Payment of Certain Fees. 
     1.        Payment of Fees of Certain Creditors of the EFIH Debtors. 
  Without any further notice to or action, order, or approval of the Bankruptcy Court, the EFH Plan Administrator Board shall pay from the EFH/EFIH Distribution Account on the EFH Effective Date any reasonable and documented unpaid fees and expenses incurred on or before the EFH Effective Date by professionals payable under the Merger Agreement. 
  The EFH Plan Administrator Board shall pay from the EFH/EFIH Distribution Account the reasonable and documented fees and expenses allowed under the EFIH Unsecured Note Indentures, and the EFH Notes Indentures;   provided  ,   however  , that such fees and expenses shall be subject to approval by the Fee Committee, with respect to the reasonableness of such documented fees and expenses in their reasonable discretion, and the Bankruptcy Court;   provided further  ,   however  , that such fees and expenses shall be paid on the EFH Effective Date or as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter following Fee Committee and Bankruptcy Court approval thereof;   provided, further  , that, for the avoidance of doubt, such fees and expenses shall not be included in the amount of any Allowed Claims under the EFIH Unsecured Notes Indentures or the EFH Notes Indentures. 
  Without any further notice to or action, order, or approval of the Bankruptcy Court, the EFH Plan Administrator Board shall pay from the EFH/EFIH Distribution Account the reasonable and documented fees and expenses of the Auditor in conducting the Post-Closing Report and as otherwise provided in the Merger Agreement. 
  All amounts distributed and paid pursuant to this Article IV.R.1. shall not be subject to disgorgement, setoff, recoupment, reduction, or reallocation of any kind. 
  2.        Payment of Fees of Certain Creditors of the TCEH Debtors. 
  Without any further notice to or action, order, or approval of the Bankruptcy Court, the Reorganized TCEH Debtors shall pay on the TCEH Effective Date any reasonable and documented unpaid fees and expenses incurred on or before the TCEH Effective Date by professionals (a) payable under (1) the TCEH DIP Order (which fees and expenses shall be paid by Reorganized TCEH), and (2) the Cash Collateral Order (which fees and expenses shall be paid by TCEH or Reorganized TCEH), including any applicable transaction, success, or similar fees for which the applicable Debtors have agreed to be obligated, and (b) retained by any individual member of the TCEH First Lien Ad Hoc Committee that is a TCEH Supporting First Lien Creditor.  Reorganized TCEH shall indemnify (a) the TCEH First Lien Agent for any reasonable and documented fees and expenses (including the reasonable and documented fees and expenses of its counsel and agents) incurred after the TCEH Effective Date solely in connection with the implementation of the Plan, including but not limited to, making distributions pursuant to and in accordance with the Plan, and any disputes arising in connection therewith; and (b) any member or members of the TCEH First Lien Ad Hoc Committee for any reasonable and documented fees and expenses (including the reasonable and documented fees and expenses of its counsel and agents) incurred after the TCEH Effective Date solely in connection with the TCEH First Lien Creditor Deposit L/C Collateral Allocation Dispute. 
  All amounts distributed and paid pursuant to this Article IV.R.2 shall not be subject to disgorgement, setoff, recoupment, reduction, or reallocation of any kind. 
   
           S. 
    Treatment of Certain Claims of the PBGC and Pension Plan. 
     Nothing in the Chapter 11 Cases, the Disclosure Statement, the Plan, the Confirmation Order, or any other document filed in the Chapter 11 Cases shall be construed to discharge, release, limit, or relieve any individual from any claim by the PBGC or the Pension Plans for breach of any fiduciary duty under ERISA, including prohibited transactions, with respect to the Pension Plans, subject to any and all applicable rights and defenses of such parties, which are expressly preserved.  The PBGC and the Pension Plans shall not be enjoined or precluded from enforcing such fiduciary duty or related liability by any of the provisions of the Disclosure Statement, Plan, Confirmation Order, Bankruptcy Code, or other document filed in the Chapter 11 Cases.  For the avoidance of doubt, the Reorganized Debtors shall not be released from any liability or obligation under ERISA, the Internal Revenue Code, and any other applicable law relating to or arising from the Pension Plans. 
   
           T. 
    Spin-Off Tax Receivable Agreement. 
     If the Spin-Off is effectuated pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth in Article IV.B.2, at the election of the TCEH Supporting First Lien Creditors, on the TCEH Effective Date and before the Distribution, Reorganized TCEH shall enter into the Spin-Off Tax Receivable Agreement, under which Reorganized TCEH shall agree to make payments in respect of its (or its subsidiaries ) specified tax items to or for the benefit of the TCEH First Lien Creditors (or their assigns).  In addition, and notwithstanding the foregoing, Reorganized TCEH may enter into one or more tax receivable agreements or other similar arrangements after the Distribution.  Only Holders of Allowed TCEH First Lien Secured Claims that timely return a TRA Information Form shall be entitled to receive beneficial interests in the Spin-Off TRA Rights (if any). Holders of Allowed TCEH First Lien Secured Claims that fail to timely return a properly completed TRA Information Form shall not receive any beneficial interests in the Spin-Off TRA Rights (if any) or any entitlement to any other distribution or consideration on account of or in connection with the Spin-Off Tax Receivable Agreement. 
   
           U. 
    Taxable Separation Tax Receivable Agreement. 
     If the Spin-Off is not effectuated pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth in Article IV.B.2, at the election of the TCEH Supporting First Lien Creditors, on the TCEH Effective Date before the Distribution, Reorganized TCEH shall enter into the Taxable Separation Tax Receivable Agreement, under which Reorganized TCEH shall agree to make payments in respect of Reorganized TCEH s (or its subsidiaries ) specified tax items to or for the benefit of the TCEH First Lien Creditors (or their assigns).  In addition, and notwithstanding the foregoing, Reorganized TCEH (or one or more of its subsidiaries) may enter into one or more tax receivable agreements or other similar arrangements after the TCEH Effective Date.  Only Holders of Allowed TCEH First Lien Secured Claims that timely return a properly completed TRA Information Form shall be entitled to receive beneficial interests in the Taxable Separation TRA Rights (if any). Holders of Allowed TCEH First Lien Secured Claims that fail to timely return a TRA Information Form shall not receive any beneficial interests in the Taxable Separation TRA Rights (if any) or any entitlement to any other distribution or consideration on account of or in connection with the Taxable Separation Tax Receivable Agreement. 
   
  ARTICLE V.          TREATMENT OF EXECUTORY CONTRACTS AND UNEXPIRED LEASES 
   
           A. 
    Assumption and Rejection of Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases. 
     1.        Rejection of EFH Debtor and EFIH Debtor Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases 
  On the EFH Effective Date, except as otherwise provided herein or in the Confirmation Order, all Executory Contracts or Unexpired Leases of the EFH Debtors or the EFIH Debtors, not previously assumed or rejected pursuant to an order of the Bankruptcy Court, including the TCEH Confirmation Order or the EFH Confirmation Order, will be deemed to be Rejected Executory Contracts or Unexpired Leases, in accordance with the provisions and requirements of sections 365 and 1123 of the Bankruptcy Code, other than those Executory Contracts or Unexpired Leases that are: (1) identified on the EFH/EFIH Assumed Executory Contract and Unexpired Lease List; (2) the subject of a motion to assume Executory Contracts or Unexpired Leases that is pending on the Confirmation Date; or (3) subject to a motion to reject an Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease pursuant to which the requested effective date of such rejection is after the Effective Date;   provided   that each of (1), (2) and (3) must be in form and substance acceptable to the Plan Sponsor.  Entry of the EFH Confirmation Order by the Bankruptcy Court shall constitute approval of such rejections and the assignments and/or assumptions of the Executory Contracts or Unexpired Leases listed on the EFH/EFIH Assumed Executory Contract and Unexpired Lease List pursuant to sections 365(a) and 1123 of the Bankruptcy Code.  Any motions to assume Executory Contracts or Unexpired Leases of the EFH Debtors or EFIH Debtors pending on the EFH Effective Date shall be subject to approval by the Bankruptcy Court on or after the Effective Date by a Final Order.  Each Executory Contract and Unexpired Lease assumed pursuant to this Article V.A.1 or by any order of the Bankruptcy Court, which has not been assigned to a third party before the Confirmation Date, shall revest in and be fully enforceable by Reorganized EFH or Reorganize EFIH, as applicable, or their successors in accordance with its terms, except as such terms are modified by the Plan or any order of the Bankruptcy Court authorizing and providing for its assumption under applicable federal law.  The Plan Sponsor, Reorganized EFH, and Reorganized EFIH, as applicable, reserve the right to alter, amend, modify, or supplement the EFH/EFIH Assumed Executory Contract and Unexpired Lease List and the schedules of Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases with respect to EFH, Reorganized EFH, EFIH, and Reorganized EFIH at any time through and including 45 days after the Effective Date, without incurrence of any penalty or changing the priority or security of any Claim as a result of such treatment change.  For the avoidance of doubt, and notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Tax Matters Agreement, the Transition Services Agreement, and the Separation Agreement, to the extent in the form attached to the Merger Agreement or as amended or modified in accordance with their respective terms and with the consent of the Plan Sponsor,  shall be EFH/EFIH Assumed Executory Contracts or Unexpired Leases. 
  2.        Assumption of TCEH Debtor Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases. 
  On the TCEH Effective Date, except as otherwise provided herein, all TCEH Executory Contracts or Unexpired Leases of the TCEH Debtors, not previously assumed or rejected pursuant to an order of the Bankruptcy Court, will be deemed to be TCEH Assumed Executory Contracts or Unexpired Leases, in accordance with the provisions and requirements of sections 365 and 1123 of the Bankruptcy Code, other than those Executory Contracts or Unexpired Leases that:  (1) previously were assumed or rejected by the Debtors; (2) are identified on the TCEH Rejected Executory Contract and Unexpired Lease List; (3) are the subject of a motion to reject TCEH Executory Contracts or Unexpired Leases that is pending on the Confirmation Date; or (4) are subject to a motion to reject a TCEH Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease pursuant to which the requested effective date of such rejection is after the Effective Date;   provided   that each of (2), (3) and (4) must be in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the TCEH Supporting First Lien Creditors.  Entry of the Confirmation Order by the Bankruptcy Court shall constitute approval of such assignments and/or assumptions and the rejection of the Executory Contracts or Unexpired Leases listed on the Rejected Executory Contract and Unexpired Lease List pursuant to sections 365(a) and 1123 of the Bankruptcy Code.  Any motions to assume Executory Contracts or Unexpired Leases pending on the Effective Date shall be subject to approval by the Bankruptcy Court on or after the Effective Date by a Final Order.  Each Executory Contract and Unexpired Lease assumed pursuant to this Article V.A.2 or by any order of the Bankruptcy Court, which has not been assigned to a third party before the Confirmation Date, shall revest in and be fully enforceable by the Reorganized TCEH Debtors in accordance with its terms, except as such terms are modified by the Plan or any order of the Bankruptcy Court authorizing and providing for its assumption under applicable federal law.  Notwithstanding anything this Article V.A.2 to the contrary, the Employment Agreements, the New Employee Agreements/Arrangements, and the Executive Severance Policy shall be deemed to be entered into or assumed and/or assigned (as applicable) to Reorganized TCEH on the TCEH Effective Date, and Reorganized TCEH shall be responsible for any cure costs arising from or related to the assumption of such Employment Agreement or Executive Severance Policy;   provided   that, for the avoidance of doubt, in the event any party to an Employment Agreement and the Reorganized EFH Debtors or Reorganized EFIH Debtors mutually agree that such party s Employment Agreement shall be assumed by Reorganized EFH or Reorganized EFIH and not assigned to Reorganized TCEH, the consent of the Plan Sponsor shall be required with respect to such assumption and the Reorganized EFH Debtors and Reorganized EFIH Debtors, as applicable, shall be responsible for any cure costs arising from or related to the assumption of such Employment Agreements.  Additionally, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan, the Plan Supplement, the Executive Severance Policy, or any Employment Agreement, the occurrence of the TCEH Effective Date shall be deemed to constitute a  change in control  under the Executive Severance Policy and each Employment Agreement.  On the TCEH Effective Date, Reorganized TCEH shall execute a written agreement (in a form reasonably acceptable to the TCEH Supporting First Lien Creditors) with each employee who is party to an Employment Agreement acknowledging that the transactions consummated upon the occurrence of the TCEH Effective Date shall constitute a  change in control  under such employee s Employment Agreement.  The Debtors or the Reorganized Debtors, as applicable, with the reasonable consent of the Plan Sponsor and the TCEH Supporting First Lien Creditors, reserve the right to alter, amend, modify, or supplement the schedules of Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases with respect to such Debtors and Reorganized Debtors at any time through and including 45 days after the Effective Date, without incurrence of any penalty or changing the priority or security of any Claim as a result of such treatment change.  For the avoidance of doubt, and notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Tax Matters Agreement, Transition Services Agreement, Separation Agreement, and Amended and Restated Split Participant Agreement shall be TCEH Assumed Executory Contracts or Unexpired Leases. 
   
           B. 
    Claims Based on Rejection of Executory Contracts or Unexpired Leases. 
     Unless otherwise provided by a Final Order of the Bankruptcy Court, all Proofs of Claim with respect to Claims arising from the rejection of Executory Contracts or Unexpired Leases, pursuant to the Plan or the Confirmation Order, if any, must be Filed within 30 days after the later of:  (1) the date of entry of an order of the Bankruptcy Court (including the Confirmation Order) approving such rejection; and (2) the effective date of such rejection.    Any Claims arising from the rejection of an Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease not Filed within such time will be automatically disallowed, forever barred from assertion, and shall not be enforceable against the Debtors or the Reorganized Debtors, the Estates, or their property without the need for any objection by the Reorganized Debtors or further notice to, or action, order, or approval of the Bankruptcy Court or any other Entity, and any Claim arising out of the rejection of the Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease shall be deemed fully satisfied, released, and discharged, notwithstanding anything in the Schedules or a Proof of Claim to the contrary.    All Allowed Claims arising from the rejection of the Debtors  Executory Contracts or Unexpired Leases shall be classified as General Unsecured Claims against the applicable Debtor and shall be treated in accordance with the Plan, unless a different security or priority is otherwise asserted in such Proof of Claim and Allowed in accordance with Article VII of the Plan. 
   
           C. 
    Cure of Defaults for Assumed Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases. 
     Any monetary defaults under each Assumed Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease shall be satisfied, pursuant to section 365(b)(1) of the Bankruptcy Code, by payment of the default amount in Cash on the Effective Date, subject to the limitation described below, or on such other terms as the parties to such Executory Contracts or Unexpired Leases may otherwise agree.  In the event of a dispute regarding (1) the amount of any payments to cure such a default, (2) the ability of the Reorganized Debtors or any assignee to provide  adequate assurance of future performance  (within the meaning of section 365 of the Bankruptcy Code) under the Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease to be assumed, or (3) any other matter pertaining to assumption, the cure payments required by section 365(b)(1) of the Bankruptcy Code shall be made following the entry of a Final Order resolving the dispute and approving the assumption.  At least 14 days before the applicable Confirmation Hearing, the Debtors will provide for notices of proposed assumption and proposed cure amounts to be sent to applicable third parties and for procedures for objecting thereto and resolution of disputes by the Bankruptcy Court.  Any objection by a counterparty to an Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease to a proposed assumption or related cure amount must be Filed, served, and actually received by the Debtors at least seven (7) days before the applicable Confirmation Hearing.  Any counterparty to an Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease that fails to object timely to the proposed assumption or cure amount will be deemed to have consented to such assumption or proposed cure amount. 
  Assumption of any Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease shall result in the full release and satisfaction of any Claims or defaults, whether monetary or nonmonetary, including defaults of provisions restricting the change in control or ownership interest composition or other bankruptcy-related defaults, arising under any Assumed Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease at any time before the effective date of assumption.    Any Proofs of Claim Filed with respect to an Assumed Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease shall be deemed disallowed and expunged, without further notice to or action, order, or approval of the Bankruptcy Court. 
   
           D. 
    Preexisting Obligations to the Debtors under Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases. 
     Rejection of any Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease pursuant to the Plan or otherwise shall not constitute a termination of preexisting obligations owed by the Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease counterparty or counterparties to the Debtors or the Reorganized Debtors, as applicable, under such Executory Contracts or Unexpired Leases. 
   
           E. 
    Indemnification Obligations. 
     1.        Indemnification Obligations of the TCEH Debtors and EFH Shared Services Debtors. 
  Notwithstanding anything in the Plan to the contrary, each Indemnification Obligation of any TCEH Debtor or EFH Shared Services Debtor shall be assumed by the applicable TCEH Debtor or EFH Shared Services Debtor, effective as of the Effective Date, pursuant to sections 365 and 1123 of the Bankruptcy Code or otherwise.  Each such Indemnification Obligation shall remain in full force and effect, shall not be modified, reduced, discharged, impaired, or otherwise affected in any way, and shall survive Unimpaired and unaffected, irrespective of when such obligation arose. 
  The TCEH Debtors, Reorganized TCEH, EFH Shared Services Debtors, and Reorganized EFH Shared Services Debtors shall assume the Indemnification Obligations for the current and former directors, officers, managers, employees, and other professionals of the TCEH Debtors and EFH Shared Services Debtors, as applicable, in their capacities as such;   provided   that the TCEH Debtors, Reorganized TCEH, EFH Shared Services Debtors, and Reorganized EFH Shared Services Debtors shall not assume, and shall not have any liability for or any obligations in respect of, any Indemnification Obligations for the current and former directors, officers, managers, employees, and other professionals of the EFH Debtors or EFIH Debtors, in their capacities as such, and the EFH Debtors, Reorganized EFH, EFIH Debtors, and Reorganized EFIH shall not assume, and shall not have any liability for or any obligations in respect of, any Indemnification Obligations for the current and former directors, officers, managers, employees, and other professionals of the TCEH Debtors or the EFH Shared Services Debtors, in their capacities as such. 
  Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing shall impair the ability of the Reorganized TCEH Debtors and Reorganized EFH Shared Services Debtors, as applicable, to modify indemnification obligations (whether in the bylaws, certificates or incorporate or formation, limited liability company agreements, other organizational or formation documents, board resolutions, indemnification agreements, employment contracts, or otherwise) for acts or omissions arising after the Effective Date.   
  2.        Indemnification Obligations of the EFH Debtors and EFIH Debtors. 
  Notwithstanding anything in the Plan to the contrary, from and after the Effective Date, each Indemnification Obligation of any EFH Debtor or EFIH Debtor shall be treated in accordance with Section [6.8] of the Merger Agreement. 
  Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing shall impair the ability of Reorganized EFH or Reorganized EFIH, as applicable, to modify indemnification obligations (whether in the bylaws, certificates or incorporate or formation, limited liability company agreements, other organizational or formation documents, board resolutions, indemnification agreements, employment contracts, or otherwise) for acts or omissions arising after the Effective Date.   
   
           F. 
    Insurance Policies. 
     Each of the Debtors  Insurance Policies are treated as Executory Contracts under the Plan.  Unless otherwise provided in the Plan, on the TCEH Effective Date, the TCEH Debtors and EFH Shared Services Debtors, as applicable, shall be deemed to have assumed all insurance policies and any agreements, documents, and instruments relating to coverage of all insured Claims, and such Insurance Policies shall not be impaired in any way by the Plan or the Confirmation Order, but rather will remain valid and enforceable in accordance with their terms. 
  Notwithstanding Article V.A.1 of the Plan, except to the extent that the Plan Sponsor elects, in its sole discretion, to list an Insurance Policy (or Insurance Policies) on the EFH/EFIH Rejected Executory Contract and Unexpired Lease List, on the EFH Effective Date, the EFH Debtors and EFIH Debtors, as applicable, shall be deemed to have assumed all insurance policies and any agreements, documents, and instruments relating to coverage of all insured Claims against the EFH Debtors or EFIH Debtors, as applicable, and such Insurance Policies shall not be impaired in any way by the Plan or the Confirmation Order, but rather will remain valid and enforceable against the Reorganized EFH Debtors or Reorganized EFIH Debtors, as applicable, in accordance with their terms. 
   
           G. 
    Modifications, Amendments, Supplements, Restatements, or Other Agreements. 
     Unless otherwise provided in the Plan, each Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease that is assumed shall include all modifications, amendments, supplements, or  restatements, thereto or thereof, if any, including all easements, licenses, permits, rights, privileges, immunities, options, rights of first refusal, and any other interests, unless any of the foregoing agreements have been previously rejected or repudiated or is rejected or repudiated under the Plan. 
  Modifications, amendments, supplements, and restatements to prepetition Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases that have been executed by the Debtors during the Chapter 11 Cases shall not be deemed to alter the prepetition nature of the Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease, or the validity, priority, or amount of any Claims that may arise in connection therewith. 
   
           H. 
    Reservation of Rights. 
     Neither the exclusion nor inclusion of any Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease on the Rejected Executory Contract and Unexpired Lease List or the Assumed Executory Contract and Unexpired Lease List, nor anything contained in the Plan, shall constitute an admission by the Debtors that any such contract or lease is in fact an Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease or that any of the Reorganized Debtors has any liability thereunder.  If there is a dispute regarding whether a contract or lease is or was executory or unexpired at the time of assumption or rejection, the Debtors or the Reorganized Debtors, as applicable, shall have 30 days following entry of a Final Order resolving such dispute to alter its treatment of such contract or lease.  
   
           I. 
    Nonoccurrence of Effective Date. 
     In the event that the Effective Date does not occur with respect to a Debtor, the Bankruptcy Court shall retain jurisdiction with respect to any request to extend the deadline for assuming or rejecting Unexpired Leases with respect to such Debtor pursuant to section 365(d)(4) of the Bankruptcy Code, unless such deadline(s) have expired. 
   
           J. 
    Contracts and Leases Entered Into After the Petition Date. 
     Contracts and leases entered into after the Petition Date by any Debtor, including any Assumed Executory Contracts or Unexpired Leases, will be performed by the applicable Debtor or the applicable Reorganized Debtor liable thereunder in the ordinary course of their business.  Accordingly, any such contracts and leases (including any Assumed Executory Contracts or Unexpired Leases) that have not been rejected as of the date of the Confirmation Date shall survive and remain unaffected by entry of the Confirmation Order. 
   
  ARTICLE VI.          PROVISIONS GOVERNING DISTRIBUTIONS 
   
           A. 
    Timing and Calculation of Amounts to Be Distributed. 
     Unless otherwise provided in the Plan, on the Effective Date (or if a Claim or Interest is not an Allowed Claim or Allowed Interest on the Effective Date, on the date that such Claim or Interest becomes an Allowed Claim or Allowed Interest, or as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter), each Holder of an Allowed Claim or Allowed Interest shall receive the full amount of the distributions that the Plan provides for Allowed Claims and Allowed Interest in the applicable Class.  In the event that any payment or act under the Plan is required to be made or performed on a date that is not a Business Day, then the making of such payment or the performance of such act may be completed on the next succeeding Business Day, but shall be deemed to have been completed as of the required date.  If and to the extent that there are Disputed Claims or Disputed Interests, distributions on account of any such Disputed Claims or Disputed Interests shall be made pursuant to the provisions set forth in Article VII of the Plan.  Except as otherwise provided in the Plan, Holders of Claims and Interests shall not be entitled to interest, dividends, or accruals on the distributions provided for in the Plan, regardless of whether such distributions are delivered on or at any time after the Effective Date.  For the avoidance of doubt, distributions to Holders of Allowed Class C3 Claims shall be made in accordance with Article III.B.29 of the Plan, notwithstanding the pendency of the TCEH First Lien Creditor Deposit L/C Collateral Allocation Dispute. 
  With respect to Holders of Class C5 Claims that are Allowed as of the TCEH Effective Date, the amount of the Effective Date distribution will be calculated as if each Disputed Class C5 Claim were an Allowed Class C5 Claim equal to the lesser of (a) the asserted amount of such Claim and (b) the amount estimated by the Bankruptcy Court in accordance with Article VII.C of the Plan.  On each Periodic Distribution Date, the Disbursing Agent shall make additional Pro Rata distributions to Holders of Allowed Class C5 Claims until such Claims have received the maximum recovery available to Holders of Class C5 Claims under the Plan. 
  Before the TCEH Effective Date, the TCEH Debtors shall create, in consultation with the TCEH Committee, a list of Disputed Class C5 Claims that shall be Allowed Class C5 Claims as of the TCEH Effective Date. Following the creation of such list, the TCEH Debtors shall, as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter submit, to the Bankruptcy Court an order, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the TCEH Committee, allowing such Claims;   provided  ,   however  , that entry of such order shall not in any way impede, delay, or otherwise interfere with the occurrence of the TCEH Effective Date. 
  As set forth in Article IV.B.9(c) and IV.B.9(d) of the Plan, Holders of Allowed Class B3 and Allowed Class B4 Claims shall receive a distribution on the EFH Effective Date or as soon as reasonably practicable after the EFH Effective Date, except with respect to (a) distributions made on account of Makewhole Claims based on or derived from EFIH First Lien Notes and EFIH Second Lien Notes, and Allowed by Final Order after the EFH Effective Date (which Allowed Makewhole Claims shall be paid in full, in Cash, as soon as reasonably practicable after becoming Allowed Makewhole Claims by Final Order) and (b) all reasonable and documented fees and expenses (as set forth in Article III.B.19(b)(iii) and Article III.B.20(b)(iii)) (which shall be paid in full in cash as soon as reasonably practicable following completion of the fee review process to be set forth in the Plan Supplement. To the extent the unpaid principal and interest (including Additional Interest and interest on interest) for the EFIH Second Lien Notes are not paid to the EFIH Second Lien Trustee under the EFIH Second Lien Indenture on the EFH Effective Date, then Holders of EFIH Second Lien Notes will continue to accrue interest on such unpaid amounts).  To the extent the unpaid interest (including Additional Interest and interest on interest for the EFIH First Lien Notes) are not paid on the EFH Effective Date, then Holders of EFIH First Lien Notes will continue to accrue interest on such unpaid amounts. 
  Holders of Allowed Class B6 Claims (excluding Unsecured Makewhole Claims based on or derived from EFIH First Lien Notes and EFIH Second Lien Notes, which are separately addressed in this Article VI.A) may receive a distribution on the EFH Effective Date.  The size of the distribution is dependent on, among other factors, (a) resolution of all Claims against the EFH Debtors and the EFIH Debtors, excluding any Makewhole Claim that is either an EFIH First Lien Note Claim or an EFIH Second Lien Note Claim but including resolution of the amount of reasonable fees and expenses for the EFIH First Lien Notes and EFIH Second Lien Notes, (b) the payment of all Professional Fee Claims from the EFH Professional Fee Escrow Account and the EFIH Professional Fee Escrow Account and any amounts remaining in such accounts have been refunded to the EFH/EFIH Distribution Account, (c) the payment of the unpaid reasonable and documented fees and expenses allowed under the EFIH Unsecured Notes Indenture and the EFH Notes Indentures (which fees and expenses, for the avoidance of doubt, shall not be included in the amount of any Allowed Claims under the EFIH Unsecured Notes Indenture or the EFH Notes Indenture), (d) the conclusion of the Post-Closing Audit according to the terms of the Merger Agreement and the payments to or from the EFH/EFIH Distribution Account based on the results of the Post-Closing Audit, and (e) ensuring sufficient reserves are in place to fund (1) General Administrative Claims Against the EFH Debtors and General Administrative Claims Against the EFIH Debtors, and Priority Tax Claims Against the EFH Debtors and Priority Tax Claims Against the EFIH Debtors, (2) post-EFH Effective Date Professional Fee Claims and reasonable and documented post-EFH Effective Date fees and expenses that are allowed under the EFIH First Lien Notes, the EFIH First Lien Note Indentures, and/or any related agreement, or the EFIH Second Lien Notes, the EFIH Second Lien Note Indenture, and/or any related agreement, and (3) the costs of winding down the EFH Debtors and EFIH Debtors.   
  Except as set forth in this Article VI.A and in Article IV.B.9(b)-9(d) of the Plan, no distributions shall otherwise made to Holders of Claims against the EFH Debtors or the EFIH Debtors, until the EFH Plan Administrator Board has made determinations with respect to factors (a)-(e) in the above paragraph of this Article VI.A.   
  Any Makewhole Claim based on or derived from the EFIH First Lien Notes or EFIH Second Lien Notes that is first Allowed after the EFH Effective Date (whether Allowed as Secured Class B3 or Class B4 Claims, as applicable, or as Unsecured Class B6 Claims) shall be paid in full, in Cash, by Reorganized EFIH as reasonably practicable after becoming Allowed Makewhole Claims by Final Order, and such Cash shall not be subtracted from the EFH/EFIH Distribution Account.  Any Makewhole Claim against an EFH Debtor or an EFIH Debtor that is not based on or derived from the EFIH First Lien Notes or EFIH Second Lien Notes that becomes Allowed, whether before, on, or after the EFH Effective Date, shall receive treatment set forth in its respective class set forth in Article III.B of the Plan, and none of (i) the Plan Sponsor; (ii) Merger Sub; (iii) the EFH Debtors; (iv) the Reorganized EFH Debtors; (v) EFIH; (vi) Reorganized EFIH; (vii) any other entity acquired, directly or indirectly, by the Plan Sponsor pursuant to the terms of, or as a result of, the Plan, the Merger Agreement, or any related agreement, or (viii) with respect to each of the foregoing Entities in clauses (i) through (vii), such Entity and its current and former Affiliates, and such Entities  and their current and former Affiliates  current and former directors, managers, officers, equity holders (regardless of whether such interests are held directly or indirectly), predecessors, successors, and assigns, subsidiaries, and each of their respective current and former equity holders, officers, directors, managers, principals, members, employees, agents, advisory board members, financial advisors, partners, attorneys, accountants, investment bankers, consultants, representatives, and other professionals, each in their capacity as such, shall have or incur any liability whatsoever in connection with or as a result of such Makewhole Claim being Allowed. 
   
           B. 
    Rights and Powers of EFH Plan Administrator Board. 
     The EFH Plan Administrator Board shall be authorized to direct the Disbursing Agent to make distributions from the EFH/EFIH Distribution Account to Holders of Allowed Claims and Allowed Interests against the EFH Debtors and the EFIH Debtors on the EFH Effective Date, or as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter, in accordance with the Plan and to exercise such other powers as may be vested in the EFH Plan Administrator Board by order of the Bankruptcy Court, pursuant to the Plan, or as deemed by the EFH Plan Administrator Board to be necessary and proper to implement the provisions of the Plan. The EFH Plan Administrator Board shall not be required to give any bond or surety or other security for the performance of its duties unless otherwise ordered by the Bankruptcy Court.  
  The EFH Plan Administrator Board may, but is not required to, establish governance and organizational documents before or after the EFH Effective Date (but to the extent such governance and organizational documents are established before the EFH Effective Date, they will be filed with the Bankruptcy Court). Any Holder of a Claim or Interest seeking to compel the EFH Plan Administrator Board to make distributions from the EFH/EFIH Distribution Account or manage any reserves shall seek relief from the Bankruptcy Court in accordance with the Federal Rules of Bankruptcy Procedure, the Local Bankruptcy Rules for the District of Delaware, and any other applicable rules or procedures.  The EFH Plan Administrator Board or its professionals on behalf of the EFH Plan Administrator Board shall keep an accounting of distributions made from, and funds contributed to, the EFH/EFIH Distribution Account that sets forth whether such distributions or contributions, as applicable, were made for the benefit of the EFH Debtors or their creditors, on the one hand, or the EFIH Debtors on the other hand.  Such accounting will be shared with the professionals for the Holders of Claims and Interests Against the EFH Debtors and EFIH Debtors, including the EFIH Unsecured Notes Trustee and the advisors to the EFIH Unsecured Notes Trustee, on a professionals  eyes only basis. 
   
           C. 
    Disbursing Agent. 
     All distributions under the Plan shall be made to Holders of Allowed Claims and Allowed Interests by the Disbursing Agent (including at the direction of the EFH Plan Administrator Board, as applicable) on the applicable Effective Date, or as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter, in accordance with the Plan.  The Disbursing Agent shall not be required to give any bond or surety or other security for the performance of its duties unless otherwise ordered by the Bankruptcy Court. 
   
           D. 
    Rights and Powers of Disbursing Agent. 
     1.        Powers of the Disbursing Agent. 
  The Disbursing Agent shall be empowered to:  (a) effect all actions and execute all agreements, instruments, and other documents necessary to perform its duties under the Plan; (b) make all distributions contemplated hereby, including making distributions from the EFH/EFIH Distribution Account at the direction of the EFH Plan Administrator Board; (c) employ professionals to represent it with respect to its responsibilities; and (d) exercise such other powers as may be vested in the Disbursing Agent by order of the Bankruptcy Court, pursuant to the Plan, or as deemed by the Disbursing Agent to be necessary and proper to implement the provisions of the Plan. 
  2.        Expenses Incurred On or After the Effective Date. 
  Except as otherwise ordered by the Bankruptcy Court, the amount of any reasonable fees and expenses incurred by the Disbursing Agent in performing its duties under the Plan on or after the Effective Date (including taxes) and any reasonable compensation and expense reimbursement claims (including reasonable attorney fees and expenses) made by the Disbursing Agent shall be paid in Cash by the Reorganized Debtors.  Reorganized TCEH and the Reorganized EFH Shared Services Debtors shall only be obligated to pay the reasonable fees and expenses incurred by the Disbursing Agent for distributions related to Claims against the TCEH Debtors and the EFH Shared Services Debtors, and the Reorganized EFH Debtors and Reorganized EFIH Debtors shall only be obligated to pay the reasonable fees and expenses incurred by the Disbursing Agent for distributions related to Claims against the EFH Debtors and EFIH Debtors. 
   
           E. 
    Delivery of Distributions and Undeliverable or Unclaimed Distributions. 
     1.        Record Date for Distribution. 
  On the Distribution Record Date, the Claims Register shall be closed and any party responsible for making distributions shall be authorized and entitled to recognize only those record Holders listed on the Claims Register as of the close of business on the Distribution Record Date.  The record Holder for the TCEH Credit Agreement Claims solely for purposes of the Distribution Record Date shall be the TCEH First Lien Administrative Agent. 
  2.        Delivery of Distributions in General. 
  Except as otherwise provided herein, the Reorganized Debtors shall make distributions to Holders of Allowed Claims and Allowed Interests as of the Distribution Record Date at the address for each such Holder as indicated on the Debtors  records as of the date of any such distribution;   provided  ,   however  , that the Distribution Record Date shall not apply to publicly-traded Securities.  The manner of such distributions shall be determined at the discretion of the Reorganized Debtors, and the address for each Holder of an Allowed Claim or Allowed Interest shall be deemed to be the address set forth in any Proof of Claim or Interest Filed by that Holder. 
  3.        Delivery of Distributions on DIP Claims. 
  All distributions on account of DIP Claims shall be made to the applicable DIP Agent, who shall be deemed to be the Holder of such DIP Claims, as applicable, for purposes of distributions to be made hereunder.  As soon as practicable following compliance with the requirements set forth in this Article VI, the applicable DIP Agent shall arrange to deliver or direct the delivery of such distributions to or on behalf of the Holders of DIP Claims in accordance with the terms of the DIP Facilities, as applicable, subject to any modifications to such distributions in accordance with the terms of the Plan;   provided, however  , that the DIP Agents shall retain all rights as administrative agents under the DIP Facilities in connection with the delivery of distributions to DIP Lenders.  The DIP Agents shall not have any liability to any person with respect to distributions made or directed to be made by the DIP Agents. 
    
  4.        Delivery of Distributions on TCEH First Lien Claims. 
  To the extent that the TCEH First Lien Creditor Plan Distribution Allocation Order provides that any of the TCEH First Lien Creditor Distributions are Collateral (as that term is used in the TCEH First Lien Intercreditor Agreement) or proceeds of Collateral (as that term is used in the TCEH First Lien Intercreditor Agreement), then such distributions shall be made to the TCEH First Lien Collateral Agent for further distribution to the Secured Debt Representatives (as defined in the TCEH First Lien Intercreditor Agreement) pursuant to and in accordance with the Plan and the TCEH First Lien Creditor Plan Distribution Allocation Order, and the Secured Debt Representatives (as defined in the TCEH First Lien Intercreditor Agreement) shall in turn make such distributions to the Holders of Allowed Class C3 Claims pursuant to and in accordance with the Plan and the TCEH First Lien Creditor Plan Distribution Allocation Order.  To the extent that the TCEH First Lien Creditor Plan Distribution Allocation Order provides that any of the TCEH First Lien Creditor Distributions are not Collateral (as that term is used in the TCEH First Lien Intercreditor Agreement) or proceeds of Collateral (as that term is used in the TCEH First Lien Intercreditor Agreement), then such distributions shall be made to the Secured Debt Representatives (as defined in the TCEH First Lien Intercreditor Agreement) for further distribution directly to the Holders of Allowed Class C3 Claims pursuant to and in accordance with the Plan.  If the TCEH First Lien Creditor Plan Distribution Allocation Order has not been entered as of the TCEH Effective Date, a reserve will be established in the manner described in Article III.B.29.  For the avoidance of doubt, distributions to Holders of Allowed Class C3 Claims shall be made in accordance with Article III.B.29 of the Plan, notwithstanding the pendency of the TCEH First Lien Creditor Deposit L/C Collateral Allocation Dispute.    THE TCEH FIRST LIEN AGENT AND THE TCEH FIRST LIEN NOTES TRUSTEE SHALL NOT HAVE ANY LIABILITY TO ANY PERSON WITH RESPECT TO DISTRIBUTIONS MADE OR DIRECTED TO BE MADE BY SUCH TCEH FIRST LIEN AGENT OR TCEH FIRST LIEN NOTES TRUSTEE PURSUANT TO AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE PLAN  . 
    
  5.        No Fractional Distributions. 
  No fractional shares of Reorganized TCEH Common Stock, Reorganized EFH Common Stock, or NextEra Common Stock shall be distributed and no Cash shall be distributed in lieu of such fractional amounts, except, solely with respect to distributions to Holders of Allowed Claims against EFH Debtors and EFIH Debtors, as provided in the Merger Agreement.  When any distribution pursuant to the Plan on account of an applicable Allowed Claim would otherwise result in the issuance of a number of shares of Reorganized TCEH Common Stock or Reorganized EFH Common Stock, that is not a whole number, the actual distribution of shares of Reorganized TCEH Common Stock or Reorganized EFH Common Stock shall be rounded as follows:  (a) fractions of one half ( ) or greater shall be rounded to the next higher whole number and (b) fractions of less than one-half ( ) shall be rounded to the next lower whole number with no further payment therefor.  The total number of authorized shares of Reorganized TCEH Common Stock or Reorganized EFH Common Stock to be distributed to Holders of Allowed Claims shall be adjusted as necessary to account for the foregoing rounding.   
  6.        Minimum Distribution. 
  No Cash payment of less than $50.00 shall be made to a Holder of an Allowed Claim on account of such Allowed Claim. 
  7.        Undeliverable Distributions and Unclaimed Property. 
  In the event that any distribution to any Holder is returned as undeliverable, no distribution to such Holder shall be made unless and until the Disbursing Agent has determined the then-current address of such Holder, at which time such distribution shall be made to such Holder without interest;   provided  ,   however  , that such distributions shall be deemed unclaimed property under section 347(b) of the Bankruptcy Code at the expiration of one year from the applicable Distribution Date.  After such date, all unclaimed property or interests in property shall revert to the applicable Reorganized Debtor(s) automatically and without need for a further order by the Bankruptcy Court (notwithstanding any applicable federal or state escheat, abandoned, or unclaimed property laws to the contrary), and the claim of any Holder to such property shall be fully discharged, released, and forever barred. 
  8.        Delivery of Distributions on PCRB Claims. 
  All distributions on account of PCRB Claims are subject to the PCRB Trustee s charging lien and priority of payment rights.  Accordingly, before the distribution of any Cash to Holders of Allowed PCRB Claims pursuant to Article III.B.30 of the Plan, the Disbursing Agent will distribute (solely from the distribution of Cash to Holders of Allowed PCRB Claims as set forth in Article III.B.30 of the Plan) to the PCRB Trustee the amount of Cash that is necessary to pay in full (in accordance with the amount provided by the PCRB Trustee in a written notice to the Disbursing Agent) (a) the fees and expenses of the PCRB Trustee (including professional and other advisory fees and expenses) that are not otherwise paid under the Plan and (b)  any reserve for fees and expenses as requested by the PCRB Trustee (including any reserve required in the event of an appeal relating to the PCRB Trustee s fees and expenses otherwise payable under this Plan).  The Disbursing Agent shall distribute Pro Rata the remainder of the Cash that is distributable on account of the PCRB Claims pursuant to Article III.B.30 of the Plan to the Holders of the PCRB Claims pursuant to the Plan.  The Disbursing Agent also shall distribute Pro Rata to the Holders of the PCRB Claims any unused portion of any reserve required by the PCRB Trustee upon the PCRB s release of such reserve to the Disbursing Agent. 
   
           F. 
    Manner of Payment. 
     Unless as otherwise set forth herein, all distributions of Cash, the Reorganized TCEH Common Stock, and the Reorganized EFH Common Stock to the Holders of Allowed Claims under the Plan shall be made by the Disbursing Agent on behalf of the Reorganized Debtors, the Plan Sponsor, and Merger Sub.  At the option of the Disbursing Agent, any Cash payment to be made under the Plan may be made by check or wire transfer or as otherwise required or provided in applicable agreements.  All Cash distributions to be made hereunder to the DIP Agents on account of the DIP Claims shall be made by wire transfer. 
   
           G. 
    SEC Registration/Exemption. 
     Each of the Reorganized TCEH Common Stock, New Reorganized TCEH Debt, Reorganized TCEH Sub Preferred Stock, Reorganized EFH Common Stock, and NextEra Common Stock, Spin-Off TRA Rights (if any), and Taxable TRA Rights (if any) are or may be  securities,  as defined in Section 2(a)(1) of the Securities Act, section 101 of the Bankruptcy Code, and applicable state securities laws.   
  Pursuant to section 1145 of the Bankruptcy Code, the issuance of (1) the Reorganized TCEH Common Stock and (2) the Reorganized EFH Common Stock are exempt from, among other things, the registration requirements of Section 5 of the Securities Act and any other applicable U.S. state or local law requiring registration before the offering, issuance, distribution, or sale of such securities.  Each of the Reorganized TCEH Common Stock and the Reorganized EFH Common Stock (a) is not a  restricted security  as defined in Rule 144(a)(3) under the Securities Act, and (b) is freely tradable and transferable by any initial recipient thereof that (i) at the time of transfer, is not an  affiliate  of the Reorganized TCEH, Reorganized EFH, Reorganized EFIH, the Plan Sponsor, or Merger Sub, as the case may be, as defined in Rule 144(a)(1) under the Securities Act and has not been such an  affiliate  within 90 days of such transfer, and (ii) is not an entity that is an  underwriter  as defined in subsection (b) of section 1145 of the Bankruptcy Code.   
  The NextEra Common Stock issued in exchange for Reorganized EFH Common Stock may be issued without registration under the Securities Act in reliance upon the exemption set forth in section 1145(a)(1) of the Bankruptcy Code for the offer or sale under a chapter 11 plan of a security of a successor to the debtor if such securities are offered or sold in exchange for a claim against, or an interest in, such debtor.  The EFH Debtors and EFIH Debtors, with the support of the Plan Sponsor, will seek to obtain a ruling from the Bankruptcy Court in the Confirmation Order that the section 1145(a)(1) exemption applies to the NextEra Common Stock. 
  The New Reorganized TCEH Debt, the Reorganized TCEH Sub Preferred Stock, and the Spin-Off TRA Rights (if any) or Taxable TRA Rights (if any) will be issued without registration under the Securities Act in reliance on the exemptions from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided by section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act (and/or Regulation D promulgated thereunder) and Regulation S under the Securities Act and each will be  restricted securities  subject to resale restrictions and may be resold, exchanged, assigned or otherwise transferred only pursuant to registration, or an applicable exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, registration under the Securities Act and other applicable law. The Spin-Off TRA Rights (if any) or Taxable TRA Rights (if any) will only be issued to (i)  qualified institutional buyers  (as defined in Rule 144A of the Securities Act), (ii)  accredited investors  (as defined in Rule 501(a) of the Securities Act) and (iii) non-U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) who are acquiring the Spin-Off TRA Rights (if any) or Taxable TRA Rights (if any) in an offshore transaction in compliance with Regulation S under the Securities Act, in each case who deliver a valid and completed TRA Information Form. The Spin-Off TRA Rights (if any) or Taxable TRA Rights (if any) will be subject to additional transfer restrictions set forth in the Tax Receivable Agreement. 
  Should the Reorganized Debtors elect on or after the Effective Date to reflect any ownership of any of the Reorganized TCEH Common Stock, New Reorganized TCEH Debt, Reorganized TCEH Sub Preferred Stock, Reorganized EFH Common Stock, and NextEra Common Stock through the facilities of the DTC, the Reorganized Debtors need not provide any further evidence other than the Plan or the Confirmation Order with respect to the treatment of the Reorganized TCEH Common Stock, New Reorganized TCEH Debt, Reorganized TCEH Sub Preferred Stock, Reorganized EFH Common Stock, and NextEra Common Stock under applicable securities laws. 
  The DTC shall be required to accept and conclusively rely upon the Plan and Confirmation Order in lieu of a legal opinion regarding whether any of the Reorganized TCEH Common Stock, New Reorganized TCEH Debt, Reorganized TCEH Sub Preferred Stock, Reorganized EFH Common Stock, and NextEra Common Stock, as applicable, are exempt from registration and/or eligible for DTC book-entry delivery, settlement, and depository services. 
  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan, no entity (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the DTC) may require a legal opinion regarding the validity of any transaction contemplated by the Plan, including, for the avoidance of doubt, whether the Reorganized TCEH Common Stock, New Reorganized TCEH Debt, Reorganized TCEH Sub Preferred Stock, Reorganized EFH Common Stock, and NextEra Common Stock are exempt from registration and/or eligible for DTC book-entry delivery, settlement, and depository services. 
   
           H. 
    Compliance with Tax Requirements. 
     In connection with the Plan, the applicable Reorganized Debtor(s) shall comply with all tax withholding and reporting requirements imposed on them by any Governmental Unit with respect to distributions pursuant to the Plan.  Notwithstanding any provision herein to the contrary, the Reorganized Debtors and the Disbursing Agent, as applicable, shall be authorized to take all actions necessary to comply with such withholding and reporting requirements, including liquidating a portion of the distribution to be made under the Plan to generate sufficient funds to pay applicable withholding taxes, withholding distributions pending receipt of information necessary to facilitate such distributions, and establishing any other mechanisms they believe are reasonable and appropriate to comply with such requirements.  The Reorganized Debtors reserve the right to allocate all distributions made under the Plan in compliance with all applicable wage garnishments, alimony, child support, and other spousal awards, liens, and encumbrances. 
   
           I. 
    No Postpetition or Default Interest on Claims. 
     Unless otherwise specifically provided for in the Plan or the Confirmation Order, and notwithstanding any documents that govern the Debtors  prepetition funded indebtedness to the contrary, (1) postpetition and/or default interest shall not accrue or be paid on any Claims and (2) no Holder of a Claim shall be entitled to:  (a) interest accruing on or after the Petition Date on any such Claim; or (b) interest at the contract default rate, as applicable. 
   
           J. 
    Setoffs and Recoupment. 
     The Debtors and Reorganized Debtors, as applicable, may, but shall not be required to, setoff against or recoup any payments or distributions to be made pursuant to the Plan in respect of any Claims of any nature whatsoever that the Debtors or the Reorganized Debtors may have against the claimant, but neither the failure to do so nor the allowance of any Claim hereunder shall constitute a waiver or release by the Debtors or the Reorganized Debtors of any such claim it may have against the Holder of such Claim. 
   
           K. 
    No Double Payment of Claims. 
     To the extent that a Claim is Allowed against more than one Debtor s Estate, there shall be only a single recovery on account of that Allowed Claim, but the Holder of an Allowed Claim against more than one Debtor may recover distributions from all co-obligor Debtors  Estates until the Holder has received payment in full on the Allowed Claims.  No Holder of an Allowed Claim shall be entitled to receive more than payment in full of its Allowed Claim, and each Claim shall be administered and treated in the manner provided by the Plan only until payment in full on that Allowed Claim. 
   
           L. 
    Claims Paid or Payable by Third Parties. 
     1.        Claims Paid by Third Parties. 
  The Debtors or the Reorganized Debtors, as applicable, shall reduce a Claim, and such Claim shall be disallowed without a Claims objection having to be Filed and without any further notice to or action, order, or approval of the Bankruptcy Court, to the extent that the Holder of such Claim receives payment on account of such Claim from a party that is not a Debtor or a Reorganized Debtor (other than the Disbursing Agent).  Subject to the last sentence of this paragraph, to the extent a Holder of a Claim receives a distribution on account of such Claim and receives payment from a party that is not a Debtor or a Reorganized Debtor on account of such Claim, such Holder shall, within 14 days of receipt thereof, repay or return the distribution to the applicable Reorganized Debtor, to the extent the Holder s total recovery on account of such Claim from the third party and under the Plan exceeds the amount of such Claim as of the date of any such distribution under the Plan.  The failure of such Holder to timely repay or return such distribution shall result in the Holder owing the applicable Reorganized Debtor annualized interest at the Federal Judgment Rate on such amount owed for each Business Day after the 14-day period specified above until the amount is repaid. 
  2.        Claims Payable by Third Parties. 
  No distributions under the Plan shall be made on account of an Allowed Claim that is payable pursuant to one of the Debtors  insurance policies until the Holder of such Allowed Claim has exhausted all remedies with respect to such insurance policy.  To the extent that one or more of the Debtors  insurers agrees to satisfy in full or in part a Claim (if and to the extent adjudicated by a court of competent jurisdiction), then immediately upon such insurers  agreement, the applicable portion of such Claim may be expunged without a Claims objection having to be Filed and without any further notice to or action, order, or approval of the Bankruptcy Court. 
  3.        Applicability of Insurance Policies. 
  Except as otherwise provided in the Plan, distributions to Holders of Allowed Claims shall be in accordance with the provisions of any applicable insurance policy.  Except as otherwise expressly provided in the Plan, nothing contained in the Plan shall constitute or be deemed a waiver of any Cause of Action that the Debtors or any Entity may hold against any other Entity, including insurers under any policies of insurance, nor shall anything contained herein (a) constitute or be deemed a waiver by such insurers of any rights or defenses, including coverage defenses, held by such insurers, or (b) establish, determine, or otherwise imply any liability or obligation, including any coverage obligation, of any insurer. 
   
  ARTICLE VII.          PROCEDURES FOR RESOLVING CONTINGENT,   UNLIQUIDATED, AND DISPUTED CLAIMS 
   
           A. 
    Allowance of Claims. 
     Except as otherwise set forth in the Plan, after the Effective Date, each of the Reorganized Debtors shall have and retain any and all rights and defenses such Debtor had with respect to any Claim immediately before the Effective Date.  This Article VII of the Plan shall not apply to the DIP Claims, TCEH First Lien Claims, TCEH Second Lien Note Claims, or TCEH Unsecured Note Claims, which Claims shall be Allowed in full and shall not be subject to any avoidance, reductions, set off, offset, recharacterization, subordination (whether equitable, contractual, or otherwise), counterclaims, cross-claims, defenses, disallowance, impairment, objection, or any other challenges under any applicable law or regulation by any person or entity. 
  Except as specifically provided as Allowed Claims pursuant to Article III.B of the Plan or otherwise objected to by the Debtors in the Chapter 11 Cases, the Plan shall serve as the Debtors  objection to all other EFIH First Lien Note Claims, EFIH Second Lien Note Claims, EFIH Unsecured Note Claims, EFH LBO Note Claims, and EFH Legacy Note Claims under the respective indentures.  If the Bankruptcy Court sustains the Debtors  objection to these Claims, the Confirmation Order shall disallow such Claims.  The Holders of such Claims may respond to the Debtors  objection to such Claims by filing an objection to the Plan. 
   
           B. 
    Claims Administration Responsibilities. 
     Except as otherwise specifically provided in the Plan, after the Effective Date, the applicable Reorganized Debtor(s) shall have the sole authority:  (1) to File, withdraw, or litigate to judgment, objections to Claims; (2) to settle or compromise any Disputed Claim without any further notice to or action, order, or approval by the Bankruptcy Court; and (3) to administer and adjust the Claims Register to reflect any such settlements or compromises without any further notice to or action, order, or approval by the Bankruptcy Court. 
  Except with respect to Claims and Causes of Action released by the Debtors pursuant to the releases and exculpations contained in the Plan, including in Article VIII, if one or more Entities have sought and obtained standing to prosecute a Cause of Action on behalf of one or more of the Debtors  Estates and such Entities are prosecuting such Causes of Actions as of the Effective Date, then such Entities will have the sole authority, solely with respect to such Causes of Action, to File, withdraw, litigate to judgment, settle, compromise, or take any other actions in respect of such Causes of Action. 
   
           C. 
    Estimation of Claims  . 
     Before or after the Effective Date, the Debtors or the Reorganized Debtors, as applicable, with the consent of the Plan Sponsor with respect to any Disputed Claim against any EFH Debtor or any EFIH Debtor, may (but are not required to) at any time request that the Bankruptcy Court estimate any Disputed Claim that is contingent or unliquidated pursuant to section 502(c) of the Bankruptcy Code for any reason, regardless of whether any party previously has objected to such Claim or whether the Bankruptcy Court has ruled on any such objection, and the Bankruptcy Court shall retain jurisdiction to estimate any such Claim, including during the litigation of any objection to any Claim or during the appeal relating to such objection.  Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in the Plan, a Claim that has been expunged from the Claims Register, but that either is subject to appeal or has not been the subject of a Final Order, shall be deemed to be estimated at zero dollars, unless otherwise ordered by the Bankruptcy Court.  In the event that the Bankruptcy Court estimates any contingent or unliquidated Claim, that estimated amount shall constitute a maximum limitation on such Claim for all purposes under the Plan (including for purposes of distributions), and the relevant Reorganized Debtor may elect to pursue any supplemental proceedings to object to any ultimate distribution on such Claim.   
  If the TCEH Debtors determine, in their reasonable discretion and in consultation with the TCEH Committee, that (1) one or more Disputed Class C5 Claims are capable of estimation by the Bankruptcy Court, (2) estimation will materially improve TCEH Effective Date distributions to Holders of Allowed Class C5 Claims, and (3) estimation is otherwise in the best interests of the Estates, the TCEH Debtors shall file one or more motions to estimate such Disputed Class C5 Claims, which motion or motions shall be filed and noticed to be heard (on regular notice to all parties in interest) by the Bankruptcy Court before the TCEH Effective Date (or such other date as determined by the Bankruptcy Court). 
   
           D. 
    Adjustment to Claims without Objection. 
     Any Claim that has been paid or satisfied, or any Claim that has been amended or superseded, may be adjusted or expunged on the Claims Register by the Reorganized Debtors without a Claims objection having to be Filed and without any further notice to or action, order, or approval of the Bankruptcy Court. 
   
           E. 
    Time to File Objections to Claims or Interests. 
     Any objections to Claims or Interests shall be Filed on or before the Claims Objection Deadline. 
   
           F. 
    Disallowance of Claims. 
     Any Claims held by Entities from which the Bankruptcy Court has determined that property is recoverable under section 542, 543, 550, or 553 of the Bankruptcy Code or that is a transferee of a transfer that the Bankruptcy Court has determined is avoidable under section 522(f), 522(h), 544, 545, 547, 548, 549, or 724(a) of the Bankruptcy Code, shall be deemed disallowed pursuant to section 502(d) of the Bankruptcy Code, and Holders of such Claims may not receive any distributions on account of such Claims until such time as such Causes of Action against that Entity have been settled or a Bankruptcy Court order with respect thereto has been entered and the full amount of such obligation to the Debtors has been paid or turned over in full.  All Proofs of Claim Filed on account of an Indemnification Obligation shall be deemed satisfied and expunged from the Claims Register as of the Effective Date to the extent such Indemnification Obligation is assumed (or honored or reaffirmed, as the case may be) pursuant to the Plan, without any further notice to or action, order, or approval of the Bankruptcy Court.  All Proofs of Claim Filed on account of an employee benefit shall be deemed satisfied and expunged from the Claims Register as of the Effective Date to the extent the Reorganized Entities elect to honor such employee benefit, without any further notice to or action, order, or approval of the Bankruptcy Court. 
  Except as provided herein or otherwise agreed, any and all Proofs of Claim Filed after the Bar Date shall be deemed disallowed and expunged as of the Effective Date without any further notice to or action, order, or approval of the Bankruptcy Court, and Holders of such Claims may not receive any distributions on account of such Claims, unless on or before the Confirmation Hearing such late Claim has been deemed timely Filed by a Final Order. 
   
           G. 
    Amendments to Proofs of Claim. 
     On or after the Effective Date, a Proof of Claim or Interest may not be Filed or amended without the prior authorization of the Bankruptcy Court or the Reorganized Debtors, and any such new or amended Proof of Claim or Interest Filed shall be deemed disallowed in full and expunged without any further action. 
   
           H. 
    Reimbursement or Contribution. 
     If the Bankruptcy Court disallows a Claim for reimbursement or contribution of an Entity pursuant to section 502(e)(1)(B) of the Bankruptcy Code, then to the extent that such Claim is contingent as of the time of allowance or disallowance, such Claim shall be forever disallowed and expunged notwithstanding section 502(j) of the Bankruptcy Code, unless before the Confirmation Date:  (1) such Claim has been adjudicated as non contingent; or (2) the relevant Holder of a Claim has Filed a non-contingent Proof of Claim on account of such Claim and a Final Order has been entered before the Confirmation Date determining such Claim as no longer contingent. 
   
           I. 
    No Distributions Pending Allowance. 
     Except as otherwise set forth herein, if an objection to a Claim or portion thereof is Filed as set forth in Article VII.A and VII.B of the Plan, no payment or distribution provided under the Plan shall be made on account of such Disputed Claim or portion thereof unless and until such Disputed Claim becomes an Allowed Claim. 
   
           J. 
    Distributions After Allowance. 
     To the extent that a Disputed Claim ultimately becomes an Allowed Claim, distributions (if any) shall be made to the Holder of such Allowed Claim in accordance with the provisions of the Plan.  Except as otherwise set forth in the Plan, as soon as practicable after the date that the order or judgment of the Bankruptcy Court allowing any Disputed Claim becomes a Final Order, the Disbursing Agent shall provide to the Holder of such Claim the distribution (if any) to which such Holder is entitled under the Plan as of the Effective Date, less any previous distribution (if any) that was made on account of the undisputed portion of such Claim, without any interest, dividends, or accruals to be paid on account of such Claim unless required under such order or judgment of the Bankruptcy Court. 
   
  ARTICLE VIII.          SETTLEMENT, RELEASE, INJUNCTION, AND RELATED PROVISIONS 
   
           A. 
    Discharge of Claims and Termination of Interests. 
     Pursuant to section 1141(d) of the Bankruptcy Code, and except as otherwise specifically provided in the Plan or in any contract, instrument, or other agreement or document created pursuant to the Plan, the distributions, rights, and treatment that are provided in the Plan shall be in complete satisfaction, discharge, and release, effective as of the Effective Date, of Claims (including any Intercompany Claims resolved or compromised after the Effective Date by the Reorganized Debtors), Interests, and Causes of Action of any nature whatsoever, including any interest accrued on Claims or Interests from and after the Petition Date, whether known or unknown, against, liabilities of, Liens on, obligations of, rights against, and Interests in, the Debtors or any of their assets or properties, regardless of whether any property shall have been distributed or retained pursuant to the Plan on account of such Claims and Interests, including demands, liabilities, and Causes of Action that arose before the Effective Date, any liability (including withdrawal liability) to the extent such Claims or Interests relate to services performed by employees of the Debtors before the Effective Date and that arise from a termination of employment, any contingent or non contingent liability on account of representations or warranties issued on or before the Effective Date, and all debts of the kind specified in sections 502(g), 502(h), or 502(i) of the Bankruptcy Code, in each case whether or not:  (1) a Proof of Claim based upon such debt or right is Filed or deemed Filed pursuant to section 501 of the Bankruptcy Code; (2) a Claim or Interest based upon such debt, right, or Interest is Allowed pursuant to section 502 of the Bankruptcy Code; or (3) the Holder of such a Claim or Interest has accepted the Plan.  Any default or  event of default  by the Debtors or Affiliates with respect to any Claim or Interest that existed immediately before or on account of the Filing of the Chapter 11 Cases shall be deemed cured (and no longer continuing) as of the Effective Date.  The Confirmation Order shall be a judicial determination of the discharge of all Claims and Interests subject to the Effective Date occurring. 
   
           B. 
    Release of Liens. 
     Except as otherwise specifically provided in the Plan or in any contract, instrument, release, or other agreement or document created pursuant to the Plan, on the Effective Date and concurrently with the applicable distributions made pursuant to the Plan and, in the case of a Secured Claim, satisfaction in full of the portion of the Secured Claim that is Allowed as of the Effective Date, except for Other Secured Claims that the Debtors elect to Reinstate in accordance with Article III.B.1 (subject to the consent of the Plan Sponsor), III.B.17 (subject to the consent of the Plan Sponsor), III.B.27, or III.B.37 of the Plan (and, with respect to any Allowed Other Secured Claims Against the TCEH Debtors asserted by the Taxing Units or the Texas Comptroller which the TCEH Debtors shall Reinstate on the TCEH Effective Date until such Allowed Other Secured Claims are satisfied in the full Allowed amount), all mortgages, deeds of trust, Liens, pledges, or other security interests against any property of the Estates shall be fully released and discharged, and all of the right, title, and interest of any Holder of such mortgages, deeds of trust, Liens, pledges, or other security interests shall revert to the Reorganized Debtors and their successors and assigns, in each case, without any further approval or order of the Bankruptcy Court and without any action or Filing being required to be made by the Debtors.  The Liens on the collateral securing the EFIH First Lien Note Claims and EFIH Second Lien Note Claims will be released on the EFH Effective Date even if the Makewhole Claims asserted by the EFIH First Lien Notes Trustee, the EFH Second Lien Notes Trustee, the Holders of EFIH First Lien Note Claims, and the Holders of EFIH Second Lien Note Claims are the subject of an ongoing appeal as of the EFH Effective Date;   provided  , for the avoidance of doubt, that for purposes of determining whether any such Makewhole Claims are Secured Claims entitled to treatment as Class B3 or Class B4 Claims (rather than Unsecured Claims entitled to treatment as Class B6 Claims), the secured status of such Makewhole Claims shall be determined as if such Liens had not been released on the EFH Effective Date and remained in effect to the same extent they did immediately before the EFH Effective Date. 
   
           C. 
    Releases by the Debtors. 
     In addition to any release provided in the Settlement Order, pursuant to section 1123(b) of the Bankruptcy Code, for good and valuable consideration, on and after the Effective Date, each Released Party is deemed released and discharged by the Debtors, the Reorganized Debtors, and their Estates from any and all Claims and Causes of Action, including Claims and Causes of Action identified, claimed, or released in the Standing Motions, the Litigation Letters, or the Disinterested Directors Settlement, as well as all other Claims and Causes of Action, whether known or unknown, including any derivative claims, asserted on behalf of the Debtors, that the Debtors, the Reorganized Debtors, or their Estates would have been legally entitled to assert in their own right (whether individually or collectively) or on behalf of the Holder of any Claim or Interest, based on or relating to, or in any manner arising from, in whole or in part, the Debtors (including the management, ownership or operation thereof), the Debtors  in- or out-of-court restructuring efforts, intercompany transactions (including dividends paid), transactions pursuant and/or related to the Master Separation Agreement dated December 12, 2001, the TCEH Credit Agreement, the TCEH First Lien Notes, the Cash Collateral Order (and any payments or transfers in connection therewith), the TCEH First Lien Intercreditor Agreement, the Liability Management Program, the Tax Sharing Agreements, the 2007 Acquisition, the Management Agreement, the 2009 amendment to the TCEH Credit Agreement, the 2011 Amend and Extend Transactions, the 2005 Oncor Transfer, the 2013 Revolver Extension, the Luminant Makewhole Settlement, the Tax and Interest Makewhole Agreements, the TCEH Intercompany Notes, the Shared Services, any preference or avoidance claim pursuant to sections 544, 547, 548, and 549 of the Bankruptcy Code, the formulation, preparation, dissemination, negotiation, or Filing of the Terminated Restructuring Support Agreement, the Plan Support Agreement, the New EFH/EFIH Plan Support Agreement, the EFH/EFIH Committee Settlement, the EFIH First Lien Settlement, the Original Confirmed Plan, or any Restructuring Transaction, contract, instrument, release, or other agreement or document (including providing any legal opinion requested by any Entity regarding any transaction, contract, instrument, document, or other agreement contemplated by the Plan or the reliance by any Released Party on the Plan or the Confirmation Order in lieu of such legal opinion) created or entered into in connection with the Plan Support Agreement, the EFH/EFIH Committee Settlement, the Terminated Restructuring Support Agreement, the Disclosure Statement, the Plan, the Transaction Agreements, the DIP Facilities, the Chapter 11 Cases, the filing of the Chapter 11 Cases, the pursuit of Confirmation, the pursuit of Consummation, the administration and implementation of the Plan, including the issuance or distribution of Securities pursuant to the Plan, or the distribution of property under the Plan, the Transaction Agreements, or any other related agreement, or upon any other act or omission, transaction, agreement, event, or other occurrence taking place on   or before the Effective Date related or relating to the foregoing  .  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the foregoing, the releases set forth above do not release any post-Effective Date obligations of any party or Entity under the Plan, any Restructuring Transaction, or any document, instrument, or agreement (including those set forth in the Plan Supplement) executed to implement the Plan.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the foregoing, and for the avoidance of doubt, the TCEH Settlement Claim shall be treated, released, and discharged on the EFH Effective Date.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the foregoing, the claims and Causes of Action set forth in Section 6.12 of the Parent Disclosure Letter delivered in connection with the Merger Agreement shall not be released;   provided, however  , that such Claims and Causes of Action shall be subject to treatment pursuant to the Plan and shall be discharged as set forth in Article VIII.A hereof.  For the avoidance of doubt, (i) the TCEH Debtors, Reorganized TCEH Debtors, EFH Shared Services Debtors, and Reorganized EFH Shared Services Debtors shall provide the release set forth in this Article VIII.C as of the TCEH Effective Date; and (ii) the EFH Debtors, Reorganized EFH Debtors, EFIH Debtors, and Reorganized EFIH Debtors shall provide the release set forth in this Article VIII.C as of the EFH Effective Date;   provided   that any and all Intercompany Claims (other than the TCEH Settlement Claim) held by or held against the TCEH Debtors, Reorganized TCEH Debtors, EFH Shared Services Debtors, Reorganized EFH Shared Services Debtors, or any non-Debtor Affiliate to be transferred to the Reorganized TCEH Debtors, including EFH Properties, shall be released as of the TCEH Effective Date. 
   
           D. 
    Releases by Holders of Claims and Interests. 
     As of the Effective Date, each Releasing Party is deemed to have released and discharged each Debtor, Reorganized Debtor, and Released Party from any and all Claims and Causes of Action, including Claims and Causes of Action identified, claimed, or released in the Standing Motions, the Litigation Letters, or the Disinterested Directors Settlement, as well as all other Claims and Causes of Action, whether known or unknown, including any derivative claims, asserted on behalf of the Debtors, that such Entity would have been legally entitled to assert (whether individually or collectively), based on or relating to, or in any manner arising from, in whole or in part, the Debtors (including the management, ownership or operation thereof), the Debtors  in- or out-of-court restructuring efforts, intercompany transactions (including dividends paid), transactions pursuant and/or related to the Master Separation Agreement dated December 12, 2001, the TCEH Credit Agreement, the TCEH First Lien Notes, the Cash Collateral Order (and any payments or transfers in connection therewith), the TCEH First Lien Intercreditor Agreement, the Liability Management Program, the Tax Sharing Agreements, the 2007 Acquisition, the Management Agreement, the 2009 amendment to the TCEH Credit Agreement, the 2011 Amend and Extend Transactions, the 2005 Oncor Transfer, the 2013 Revolver Extension, the Luminant Makewhole Settlement, the Tax and Interest Makewhole Agreements, the TCEH Intercompany Notes, the Shared Services, any preference or avoidance claim pursuant to sections 544, 547, 548, and 549 of the Bankruptcy Code, the formulation, preparation, dissemination, negotiation, or Filing of the Terminated Restructuring Support Agreement, the Plan Support Agreement, the New EFH/EFIH Plan Support Agreement, the EFH/EFIH Committee Settlement, the EFIH First Lien Settlement, the Original Confirmed Plan, or any Restructuring Transaction, contract, instrument, release, or other agreement or document (including providing any legal opinion requested by any Entity regarding any transaction, contract, instrument, document, or other agreement contemplated by the Plan or the reliance by any Released Party on the Plan or the Confirmation Order in lieu of such legal opinion) created or entered into in connection with the Plan Support Agreement, the New EFH/EFIH Plan Support Agreement, the EFH/EFIH Committee Settlement, the Terminated Restructuring Support Agreement, the Disclosure Statement, the Plan, the Transaction Agreements, the DIP Facilities, the Chapter 11 Cases, the filing of the Chapter 11 Cases, the pursuit of Confirmation, the pursuit of Consummation, the administration and implementation of the Plan, including the issuance or distribution of Securities pursuant to the Plan, or the distribution of property under the Plan, the Transaction Agreements, or any other related agreement, or upon any other act or omission, transaction, agreement, event, or other occurrence taking place on   or before the Effective Date related or relating to the foregoing  .  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the foregoing, the releases set forth above do not release (i) any claims or Causes of Action by the Holders of TCEH First Lien Claims, the TCEH First Lien Agent, or the TCEH First Lien Notes Trustee against one or more Holders of TCEH First Lien Claims, the TCEH First Lien Agent, or the TCEH First Lien Notes Trustee arising from or in connection with the TCEH First Lien Creditor Allocation Disputes, (ii) any post-Effective Date obligations of any party or Entity under the Plan, (iii) any Restructuring Transaction, (iv) any document, instrument, or agreement (including those set forth in the Plan Supplement) executed to implement the Plan, (v) claims or Causes of Action asserted by any Holder of Allowed Class C3 Claims against one or more Holders of Allowed Class C3 Claims (other than the TCEH First Lien Agent, except in the TCEH First Lien Agent s capacity as a nominal defendant to declaratory judgment claims in respect of which no monetary recovery is sought) solely with respect to the TCEH First Lien Creditor Deposit L/C Collateral Allocation Dispute, [or (vi) the claims and Causes of Action set forth in Section 6.12 of the Parent Disclosure Letter delivered in connection with the Merger Agreement shall not be released;   provided, however  , that such Claims and Causes of Action set forth in Section 6.12 of the Parent Disclosure Letter delivered in connection with the Merger Agreementshall be subject to treatment pursuant to the Plan and shall be discharged as set forth in Article VIII.A hereof.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the foregoing, the releases set forth above do not release any claims or Causes of Action against the Plan Sponsor relating to the Debtors  pursuit of regulatory approvals under the Original Confirmed Plan or claims or Causes of Action that may be brought by the Plan Sponsor against another party who brings a claim or Cause of Action against the Plan Sponsor in connection with the Debtors  pursuit of regulatory approvals under the Original Confirmed Plan.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the foregoing, and for the avoidance of doubt, the TCEH Settlement Claim shall be treated, released, and discharged on the EFH Effective Date.  For the avoidance of doubt, (i) the Releasing Parties shall provide the release set forth in this Article VIII.D for all Claims and Causes of Action that relate to the TCEH Debtors, Reorganized TCEH Debtors, EFH Shared Services Debtors, Reorganized EFH Shared Services Debtors, or any non-Debtor Affiliate to be transferred to the Reorganized TCEH Debtors, including EFH Properties, as of the TCEH Effective Date; and (ii) the Releasing Parties shall provide the release set forth in this Article VIII.D for all Claims and Causes of Action that relate to the EFH Debtors, Reorganized EFH Debtors, EFIH Debtors, or Reorganized EFIH Debtors as of the EFH Effective Date;   provided   that any and all Intercompany Claims (other than the TCEH Settlement Claim) held by or held against the TCEH Debtors, Reorganized TCEH Debtors, EFH Shared Services Debtors, Reorganized EFH Shared Services Debtors, or any non-Debtor Affiliate to be transferred to the Reorganized TCEH Debtors, including EFH Properties, shall be released as of the TCEH Effective Date. 
   
           E. 
    Exculpation. 
     Except as otherwise specifically provided in the Plan (including Article III.B.19, III.B.20, and III.B.22), no Exculpated Party shall have or incur liability for, and each Exculpated Party is hereby released and exculpated from, any Cause of Action for any claim related to any act or omission in connection with, relating to, or arising out of, the Chapter 11 Cases, the formulation, preparation, dissemination, negotiation, Filing, or termination of the Terminated Restructuring Support Agreement and related prepetition transactions, the Disclosure Statement, the Plan, the Plan Support Agreement, the New EFH/EFIH Plan Support Agreement, the EFH/EFIH Committee Settlement, the Original Confirmed Plan, the Transaction Agreements, or any Restructuring Transaction, contract, instrument, release or other agreement or document (including providing any legal opinion requested by any Entity regarding any transaction, contract, instrument, document, or other agreement contemplated by the Plan or the reliance by any Exculpated Party on the Plan or the Confirmation Order in lieu of such legal opinion) created or entered into in connection with the Disclosure Statement, the Plan, the Original Confirmed Plan, the Plan Support Agreement, the New EFH/EFIH Plan Support Agreement, the EFH/EFIH Committee Settlement, the Transaction Agreements, or the DIP Facilities, the Filing of the Chapter 11 Cases, the pursuit of Confirmation, the pursuit of Consummation, the administration and implementation of the Plan, including the issuance of Securities pursuant to the Plan, or the distribution of property under the Plan, the Transaction Agreements, or any other related agreement, except for claims related to any act or omission that is determined in a final order to have constituted actual fraud, willful misconduct, or gross negligence, but in all respects such Entities shall be entitled to reasonably rely upon the advice of counsel with respect to their duties and responsibilities pursuant to the Plan.  The Exculpated Parties have, and upon completion of the Plan shall be deemed to have, participated in good faith and in compliance with the applicable laws with regard to the solicitation of, and distribution of, consideration pursuant to the Plan and, therefore, are not, and on account of such distributions shall not be, liable at any time for the violation of any applicable law, rule, or regulation governing the solicitation of acceptances or rejections of the Plan or such distributions made pursuant to the Plan.  For the avoidance of doubt, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the foregoing, the exculpation set forth above does not exculpate any (i) claims or Causes of Action by the Holders of TCEH First Lien Claims, the TCEH First Lien Agent, or the TCEH First Lien Notes Trustee against one or more Holders of TCEH First Lien Claims, the TCEH First Lien Agent, or the TCEH First Lien Notes Trustee arising from or in connection with the TCEH First Lien Creditor Allocation Disputes, or (ii) claims or Causes of Action asserted by any Holder of Allowed Class C3 Claims against one or more Holders of Allowed Class C3 Claims (other than the TCEH First Lien Agent, except in the TCEH First Lien Agent s capacity as a nominal defendant to declaratory judgment claims in respect of which no monetary recovery is sought) solely with respect to the TCEH First Lien Creditor Deposit L/C Collateral Allocation Dispute.  For the avoidance of doubt, (i) the Exculpated Parties that include or are related to the TCEH Debtors, Reorganized TCEH Debtors, EFH Shared Services Debtors, and Reorganized EFH Shared Services Debtors shall receive the exculpation set forth in this Article VIII.E as of the TCEH Effective Date; and (ii) the Exculpated Parties that include or are related to the EFH Debtors, Reorganized EFH Debtors, EFIH Debtors, and Reorganized EFIH Debtors shall receive the exculpation set forth in this Article VIII.E as of the EFH Effective Date. 
   
           F. 
    Injunction. 
     In addition to any injunction provided in the Settlement Order, except as otherwise expressly provided in the Plan or for obligations issued or required to be paid pursuant to the Plan or the Confirmation Order, all Entities that have held, hold, or may hold Claims or Interests that have been released pursuant to Article VIII.C or Article VIII.D of the Plan, shall be discharged pursuant to Article VIII.A of the Plan, or are subject to exculpation pursuant to Article VIII.E of the Plan, are permanently enjoined, from and after the Effective Date, from taking any of the following actions against, as applicable, the Debtors, the Reorganized Debtors, or the Released Parties:  (i) commencing or continuing in any manner any action or other proceeding of any kind on account of or in connection with or with respect to any such claims or interests; (ii) enforcing, attaching, collecting, or recovering by any manner or means any judgment, award, decree, or order against such Entities on account of or in connection with or with respect to any such claims or interests; (iii) creating, perfecting, or enforcing any lien or encumbrance of any kind against such Entities or the property or the estates of such Entities on account of or in connection with or with respect to any such claims or interests; (iv) asserting any right of setoff, subrogation, or recoupment of any kind against any obligation due from such Entities or against the property of such Entities on account of or in connection with or with respect to any such claims or interests unless such Entity has timely asserted such setoff right in a document Filed with the Bankruptcy Court explicitly preserving such setoff, and notwithstanding an indication of a claim or interest or otherwise that such Entity asserts, has, or intends to preserve any right of setoff pursuant to applicable law or otherwise; and (v) commencing or continuing in any manner any action or other proceeding of any kind on account of or in connection with or with respect to any such claims or interests released or settled pursuant to the Plan.  For the avoidance of doubt, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the foregoing, the injunction set forth above does not enjoin (a) the TCEH First Lien Creditor Allocation Disputes, or any claims or Causes of Action by the Holders of TCEH First Lien Claims, the TCEH First Lien Agent, or the TCEH First Lien Notes Trustee against one or more Holders of TCEH First Lien Claims, the TCEH First Lien Agent, or the TCEH First Lien Notes Trustee arising from or in connection with the TCEH First Lien Creditor Allocation Disputes, or (b) the TCEH First Lien Creditor Deposit L/C Collateral Allocation Dispute, or claims or Causes of Action asserted in the Marathon Delaware Action (in accordance with and as that term is defined in the   Stipulation and Consent Order Regarding Limited Objection of Marathon Asset Management, LP to Confirmation of Debtors  Fifth Amended Plan of Reorganization,   dated November 10, 2015 [Docket No. 6932]) by any Holder of Allowed Class C3 Claims against one or more Holders of Allowed Class C3 Claims (other than the TCEH First Lien Agent, except in the TCEH First Lien Agent s capacity as a nominal defendant to declaratory judgment claims in respect of which no monetary recovery is sought) solely with respect to the TCEH First Lien Creditor Deposit L/C Collateral Allocation Dispute.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the foregoing, the Plan shall not enjoin any party from pursuing the claims and Causes of Action set forth in Section 6.12 of the Parent Disclosure Letter delivered in connection with the Merger Agreement;   provided, however  , that such Claims and Causes of Action shall be subject to treatment pursuant to the Plan and shall be discharged as set forth in Article VIII.A hereof.  In addition, notwithstanding anything contrary in the Plan, the Plan shall not enjoin or otherwise prevent Holders of EFIH First Lien Note Claims, Holders of EFIH Second Lien Note Claims, the EFIH First Lien Notes Trustee, or the EFIH Second Lien Notes Trustee from prosecuting any appeal of any order with respect to any Makewhole Claims or any other Claims held by such parties;   provided  ,   however  , that (x) the liens securing the collateral of the EFIH First Lien Notes and EFIH Second Lien Notes will be released on the EFH Effective Date and (y) the EFH Debtors, the EFIH Debtors, the EFIH First Lien Notes Trustee, the Holders of EFIH First Lien Notes, the Holders of EFIH Second Lien Notes, and the EFIH Second Lien Notes Trustee reserve all rights with respect to the rights, claims, and defenses of each of the EFH Debtors, EFIH Debtors, the EFIH First Lien Notes Trustee, the Holders of the EFIH First Lien Notes, the Holders of EFIH Second Lien Notes, and the EFIH Second Lien Notes Trustee with regard to the litigation over the allowance of any Makewhole Claims asserted by the EFIH First Lien Notes Trustee, the Holders of the EFIH First Lien Notes, the EFIH Second Lien Notes Trustee, and the Holders of the EFIH Second Lien Notes. 

Exhibit 2(b) 

G. 
    Liabilities to, and Rights of, Governmental Units. 
     Nothing in the Plan or the Confirmation Order shall release, discharge, or preclude the enforcement of:  (i) any liability to a Governmental Unit that is not a Claim; (ii) any Claim of a Governmental Unit arising on or after the Effective Date, other than taxes determined under the prompt determination procedure in section 505 of the Bankruptcy Code, to the extent applicable; (iii) any liability to a Governmental Unit on the part of any Entity other than the Debtors or Reorganized Debtors; or (iv) any valid right of setoff or recoupment by any Governmental Unit. 
   
           H. 
    Environmental Law Matters. 
     Nothing in the Plan or the Confirmation Order shall release, discharge, or preclude the enforcement of (or preclude, release, defeat, or limit the defense under non-bankruptcy law of):  (i) any liability under Environmental Law to a Governmental Unit that is not a Claim; (ii) any Claim under Environmental Law of a Governmental Unit arising on or after the Effective Date; (iii) any liability under Environmental Law to a Governmental Unit on the part of any Entity to the extent of such Entity s liability under non-bankruptcy law on account of its status as owner or operator of such property after the Effective Date; (iv) any liability to a Governmental Unit on the part of any Entity other than the Debtors or Reorganized Debtors; or (v) any valid right of setoff or recoupment by any Governmental Unit.  All parties  rights and defenses under Environmental Law with respect to (i) through (v) above are fully preserved.  For the avoidance of doubt, the United States is not a Releasing Party under the Plan.   
  Nothing in the Plan or the Confirmation Order shall enjoin or otherwise bar any Governmental Unit from asserting or enforcing, outside this Court, any liability described in the preceding paragraph.  Nothing in the Plan or the Confirmation Order authorizes:  (i) the transfer or assignment of any governmental license, permit, registration, authorization, or approval, or (ii) the discontinuation of any obligation thereunder, without compliance with all applicable legal requirements under Environmental Law.   The Bankruptcy Court retains jurisdiction, but not exclusive jurisdiction, to determine whether environmental liabilities asserted by any Governmental Unit are discharged or otherwise barred by the Confirmation Order or the Plan, or the Bankruptcy Code.   
  For the avoidance of doubt, all Claims under Environmental Law arising before the Effective Date, including penalty claims for days of violation prior to the Effective Date, shall be subject to Article VIII of the Plan and treated in accordance with the Plan in all respects and the Bankruptcy Court shall retain jurisdiction as provided in Article XI of the Plan in relation to the allowance or disallowance of any Claim under Environmental Law arising before the Effective Date. 
  Without limiting the Bankruptcy Court s jurisdiction as set forth above, nothing in the Plan or the Confirmation Order shall divest or limit the jurisdiction of other tribunals over the Environmental Action, and upon the Effective Date of the Plan, the Environmental Action shall survive the Chapter 11 Cases and may be adjudicated in the court or tribunal in which such Environmental Action is currently pending;   provided  ,   further  ,   however  , any judgment for a Claim in the Environmental Action arising before the Effective Date shall be treated in accordance with the Plan in all respects;   provided  ,   further  ,   however  , that nothing in the Plan shall preclude, release, defeat, or limit any grounds for asserting or opposing an alleged defense or affirmative defense under non-bankruptcy law in the Environmental Action based on any change in ownership, and all such grounds for asserting or opposing such defenses and affirmative defenses under non-bankruptcy law are expressly preserved.  With respect to the Environmental Action, this Article VIII.H does not alter any rights or defenses under non-bankruptcy law arising as a result of any changes of ownership provided in the Plan or the Confirmation Order.  The Governmental Units reserve all rights as to whether there are any such rights or defenses. 
   
           I. 
    Protections Against Discriminatory Treatment. 
     Consistent with section 525 of the Bankruptcy Code and the Supremacy Clause of the U.S. Constitution, all Entities, including Governmental Units, shall not discriminate against the Reorganized Debtors or deny, revoke, suspend, or refuse to renew a license, permit, charter, franchise, or other similar grant to, condition such a grant to, discriminate with respect to such a grant against, the Reorganized Debtors, or another Entity with whom the Reorganized Debtors have been associated, solely because each Debtor has been a debtor under chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code, has been insolvent before the commencement of the Chapter 11 Cases (or during the Chapter 11 Cases but before the Debtors are granted or denied a discharge), or has not paid a debt that is dischargeable in the Chapter 11 Cases. 
   
           J. 
    Recoupment. 
     In no event shall any Holder of Claims or Interests be entitled to recoup any Claim against any claim, right, or Cause of Action of the Debtors or the Reorganized Debtors, as applicable, unless such Holder actually has performed such recoupment and provided notice thereof in writing to the Debtors on or before the Confirmation Date, notwithstanding any indication in any Proof of Claim or Proof of Interest or otherwise that such Holder asserts, has, or intends to preserve any right of recoupment. 
   
           K. 
    Document Retention. 
     On and after the Effective Date, the Reorganized Debtors may maintain documents in accordance with their standard document retention policy, as may be altered, amended, modified, or supplemented by the Reorganized Debtors. 
   
  ARTICLE IX.          CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO CONFIRMATION  AND CONSUMMATION OF THE PLAN 
   
           A. 
    Conditions Precedent to Confirmation of a Plan as to the TCEH Debtors and EFH Shared Services Debtors. 
     It shall be a condition to Confirmation of the Plan with respect to the TCEH Debtors and the EFH Shared Services Debtors that the following shall have been satisfied or waived pursuant to the provisions of Article IX.E of the Plan: 
  1.        the Bankruptcy Court shall have entered the TCEH Disclosure Statement Order and the TCEH Confirmation Order in a manner consistent in all material respects with the Plan and Settlement Order and in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the TCEH Debtors, EFH Shared Services Debtors, and the TCEH Supporting First Lien Creditors (and, solely to the extent that the Spin-Off Conditions have been satisfied or would be satisfied by entry of the TCEH Confirmation Order, the Plan Sponsor); and 
  2.        the Settlement Order shall remain in full force and effect; and 
  3.        the TCEH Confirmation Order shall, among other things: 
           (a) 
    authorize the TCEH Debtors, the EFH Shared Services Debtors, the Reorganized TCEH Debtors, and the Reorganized EFH Shared Services Debtors to take all actions necessary to enter into, implement, and consummate the applicable contracts, instruments, releases, leases, indentures, and other agreements or documents created in connection with the Plan; 
              (b) 
    decree that the provisions of the TCEH Confirmation Order and the provisions of the Plan applicable to the TCEH Debtors and the EFH Shared Services Debtors are nonseverable and mutually dependent; 
              (c) 
    authorize the TCEH Debtors to consummate either or both of the Spin-Off or the Taxable Separation, in each case subject to satisfaction of all applicable conditions to consummation;  
              (d) 
    authorize the TCEH Debtors, the EFH Shared Services Debtors, the Reorganized TCEH Debtors, and the Reorganized EFH Shared Services Debtors, as applicable/necessary, to:  (i) implement the applicable Restructuring Transactions; (ii) issue and distribute the New Reorganized TCEH Debt, the Reorganized TCEH Common Stock, the common stock of the Preferred Stock Entity, the Reorganized TCEH Sub Preferred Stock, each pursuant to the exemption from registration under the Securities Act provided by section 1145 of the Bankruptcy Code or other exemption from such registration or pursuant to one or more registration statements; (iii) make all distributions and issuances as required under the Plan, including Cash, the New Reorganized TCEH Debt, the Reorganized TCEH Common Stock, the common stock of the Preferred Stock Entity, and the Reorganized TCEH Sub Preferred Stock; and (iv) enter into any agreements, transactions, and sales of property as set forth in the Plan Supplement; and 
              (e) 
    provide that, pursuant to section 1146 of the Bankruptcy Code, the assignment or surrender of any lease or sublease, and the delivery of any deed or other instrument or transfer order in furtherance of, or in connection with, any transfers of property pursuant to the Plan as it relates to the TCEH Debtors and EFH Shared Services Debtors, including any deeds, mortgages, security interest filings, bills of sale, or assignments executed in connection with any disposition or transfer of assets contemplated under the Plan as it relates to the TCEH Debtors and EFH Shared Services Debtors shall not be subject to any document recording tax, stamp tax, conveyance fee, intangibles or similar tax, mortgage tax, stamp act, real estate transfer tax, mortgage recording tax, or other similar tax, and upon entry of the TCEH Confirmation Order, the appropriate state or local governmental officials or agents shall forgo the collection of any such tax or governmental assessment and accept for filing and recordation any of the foregoing instruments or other documents without the payment of any such tax, recordation fee, or governmental assessment. 
      
           B. 
    Conditions Precedent to Confirmation of a Plan as to the EFH Debtors and EFIH Debtors. 
     It shall be a condition to Confirmation of the Plan with respect to the EFH Debtors and EFIH Debtors that the following shall have been satisfied or waived pursuant to the provisions of Article IX.E of the Plan: 
  1.        the Bankruptcy Court shall have entered the EFH Disclosure Statement Order and the EFH Confirmation Order in a manner consistent in all material respects with the Plan, the Settlement Order, and the Merger Agreement, and in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the EFH Debtors, the EFIH Debtors, and the Plan Sponsor;  
  2.        the Settlement Order shall remain in full force and effect; and 
  3.        the EFH Confirmation Order shall, among other things: 
           (a) 
    authorize the EFH Debtors, the Reorganized EFH Debtors, the EFIH Debtors, and the Reorganized EFIH Debtors to take all actions necessary to enter into, implement, and consummate the contracts, instruments, releases, leases, indentures, and other agreements or documents created in connection with the Plan, including the Restructuring Transactions and the Transaction Agreements; 
              (b) 
    decree that the provisions of the EFH Confirmation Order and the Plan are nonseverable and mutually dependent; 
              (c) 
    authorize the EFH Debtors, the Reorganized EFH Debtors, the EFIH Debtors, and the Reorganized EFIH Debtors, as applicable/necessary, to:  (i) implement the Restructuring Transactions; (ii) issue and distribute the Reorganized EFH Common Stock pursuant to the exemption from registration under the Securities Act provided by section 1145 of the Bankruptcy Code or other exemption from such registration or pursuant to one or more registration statements; (iii) make all distributions and issuances as required under the Plan, including Cash and the Reorganized EFH Common Stock; and (iv) enter into any agreements, transactions, and sales of property as set forth in the Plan Supplement;  
              (d) 
    provide that, pursuant to section 1146 of the Bankruptcy Code, the assignment or surrender of any lease or sublease, and the delivery of any deed or other instrument or transfer order in furtherance of, or in connection with, any transfers of property pursuant to the Plan, including any deeds, mortgages, security interest filings, bills of sale, or assignments executed in connection with any disposition or transfer of assets contemplated under the Plan shall not be subject to any document recording tax, stamp tax, conveyance fee, intangibles or similar tax, mortgage tax, stamp act, real estate transfer tax, mortgage recording tax, or other similar tax, and upon entry of the EFH Confirmation Order, the appropriate state or local governmental officials or agents shall forgo the collection of any such tax or governmental assessment and accept for filing and recordation any of the foregoing instruments or other documents without the payment of any such tax, recordation fee, or governmental assessment; and 
              (e) 
    provide that, from and after the EFH Effective Date, the Reorganized EFH Debtors and Reorganized EFIH Debtors shall have no liabilities other than those liabilities expressly set forth in the Plan. 
      
           C. 
    Conditions Precedent to the TCEH Effective Date.    
     It shall be a condition to the TCEH Effective Date that the following conditions shall have been satisfied or waived pursuant to the provisions of Article IX.E of the Plan: 
  1.        the TCEH Confirmation Order shall have been duly entered in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the TCEH Debtors, EFH Shared Services Debtors,  and the TCEH Supporting First Lien Creditors; 
  2.        the Settlement Order shall remain in full force and effect; 
  3.        the final version of the Plan, the Plan Supplement, and all of the schedules, documents, and exhibits contained therein (including the New Employee Agreements/Arrangements and the Employment Agreements), in each case solely with respect to the TCEH Debtors and EFH Shared Services Debtors, shall have been Filed in a manner consistent in all material respects with the Plan, the Transaction Agreements (as applicable to the TCEH Debtors and EFH Shared Services Debtors), the Plan Support Agreement, and the Settlement Order, and shall be in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the TCEH Debtors, the EFH Shared Services Debtors, and the TCEH Supporting First Lien Creditors; 
  4.        all Allowed Professional Fee Claims with respect to the TCEH Debtors and     EFH Shared Services Debtors     approved by the Bankruptcy Court shall have been paid in full or amounts sufficient to pay such Allowed Professional Fee Claims after the TCEH Effective Date have been placed in the TCEH Professional Fee Escrow Account pending approval of the Professional Fee Claims by the Bankruptcy Court;    
  5.        the TCEH Debtors and the EFH Shared Services Debtors shall have obtained all authorizations, consents, regulatory approvals, including from the FERC, NRC, and FCC, as applicable, rulings, or documents that are necessary to the Restructuring Transactions pertaining to the TCEH Debtors and the EFH Shared Services Debtors, including the Spin-Off or the Taxable Separation, as applicable, and shall remain in full force and effect, and the RCT shall have approved the substitute bond with respect to the TCEH Debtors  mining reclamation obligations; 
  6.        all conditions to the completion of the transactions contemplated by the Tax Matters Agreement and the Taxable Separation Tax Receivable Agreement or the Spin-Off Tax Receivable Agreement, as applicable, shall have been satisfied or shall have been waived by the party entitled to waive them, and the transactions contemplated by the Transition Services Agreement, the Tax Matters Agreement, the Separation Agreement, the Amended and Restated Split Participant Agreement, and the Taxable Separation Tax Receivable Agreement or Spin-Off Tax Receivable Agreement, as applicable, shall be completed substantially simultaneously on the TCEH Effective Date, and, other than in respect of the Spin-Off Tax Receivable Agreement or Taxable Separation Tax Receivable Agreement, as applicable, shall be in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Plan Sponsor; 
  7.        any waiting period applicable to the Spin-Off or the Taxable Separation under the HSR Act or similar law or statute shall have been terminated or shall have expired; and 
  8.        solely as a condition to the TCEH Effective Date if the Spin-Off is to be effectuated pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth in Article IV.B.2: 
           (a) 
    the Approval Order shall have been duly entered and remain in full force and effect and shall be a Final Order; 
              (b) 
    the Debtors shall have obtained the Fundamental Opinions (other than any aspects of the Fundamental Opinions that relate to the effect of the Merger, which opinions may be obtained following the TCEH Effective Date and shall be a condition to the EFH Effective Date, not the TCEH Effective Date), and such opinions have not been withdrawn, rescinded, or amended; 
              (c) 
    the facts presented and the representations made in the IRS Submissions are true, correct, and complete in all material respects as of the TCEH Effective Date; 
              (d) 
    except as otherwise provided in the Plan, the Private Letter Ruling, or the Plan Support Agreement, the Debtors shall not have taken any action to change the entity classification for U.S. tax purposes of any Debtor entity, by changing their legal form or otherwise, without the consent of the Plan Sponsor, TCEH, and the TCEH Supporting First Lien Creditors;   provided  ,   however  , that the consent of TCEH and the TCEH Supporting First Lien Creditors shall not be required with respect to any such action with respect to any Debtor entity other than TCEH, the Reorganized EFH Shared Services Debtors, Reorganized TCEH, the Preferred Stock Entity, or any of their respective subsidiaries, if such action does not directly affect the Contribution, the Spin-Off Preferred Stock Sale, the Reorganized TCEH Conversion, or the Distribution and does not prevent or delay EFH Corp. from obtaining the Private Letter Ruling or adversely affect the Spin-Off Intended Tax Treatment; 
              (e) 
    (i) no Debtor shall have taken any action that results in an ownership change of EFH Corp. within the meaning of Section 382(g) of the Internal Revenue Code (including by treating the equity interests of EFH Corp. as becoming worthless within the meaning of Section 382(g)(4)(D) of the Internal Revenue Code); and (ii) Texas Holdings shall not have (A) taken any action that results in an ownership change of EFH Corp. within the meaning of Section 382(g) of the Internal Revenue Code (including by treating the equity interests of EFH Corp. as becoming worthless within the meaning of Section 382(g)(4)(D) of the Internal Revenue Code and thereby resulting in an ownership change of EFH Corp. within the meaning of Section 382(g) of the Internal Revenue Code); (B) knowingly permitted any person (other than Texas Holdings) to own directly, indirectly or constructively (by operation of Section 318 as modified by Section 382(l)(3)(A) of the Internal Revenue Code) 50% or more of the equity interests of EFH Corp. during the three-year period ending on the Effective Date; or (C) changed its taxable year to be other than the calendar year;  
              (f) 
    the Private Letter Ruling remains in full force and effect and has not been revoked or withdrawn; and 
              (g) 
    the TCEH Supporting First Lien Creditors shall have been given the right to participate with respect to the process of obtaining the Supplemental Ruling, including by (i) commenting on written submissions, (ii) having participation in in-person conferences, (iii) having participation in scheduled, substantive telephone conferences with the IRS and (iv) being updated promptly regarding any unscheduled communications with the IRS, provided, however, that the TCEH Supporting First Lien Creditors shall work in good faith with counsel for the Debtors to determine the appropriate level of participation by any other persons in any particular meeting or conference. 
     For the avoidance of doubt, consummation of the Spin-Off or Taxable Separation and the occurrence of the TCEH Effective Date shall be conditioned solely on the conditions precedent to the TCEH Effective Date enumerated in this Article IX.C, and the TCEH Effective Date may occur prior to the EFH Effective Date. 
   
           D. 
    Conditions Precedent to the EFH Effective Date. 
     It shall be a condition to the EFH Effective Date that the following conditions shall have been satisfied or waived pursuant to the provisions of Article IX.E of the Plan: 
  1.        the EFH Confirmation Order shall (a) have been duly entered in form and substance acceptable to the EFH Debtors, EFIH Debtors, and the Plan Sponsor, (b) reasonably acceptable to the other EFH/EFIH Plan Supporters and (c) shall be consistent in all material respects with the TCEH Confirmation Order; 
  2.        the Settlement Order shall remain in full force and effect; 
  3.        the Plan Sponsor, Reorganized TCEH, and EFH Corp., as applicable, shall have obtained all tax opinions (including those with respect to the Fundamental Opinions) contemplated by the Merger Agreement; 
  4.        the TCEH Effective Date shall have occurred, including the assumption and assignment of the Employment Agreements to Reorganized TCEH; 
  5.        the final version of the Plan, the Plan Supplement, and all of the schedules, documents, and exhibits contained therein shall have been Filed in a manner consistent in all material respects with the Plan, the Transaction Agreements, the New EFH/EFIH Plan Support Agreement, the Plan Support Agreement, and the Settlement Order, and shall be in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the EFH Debtors, EFIH Debtors, and the EFH/EFIH Plan Supporters; 
  6.        the EFH Professional Fee Escrow Account and EFIH Professional Fee Escrow Amount shall have been funded in accordance with Article II.A.2; 
  7.         (i) no Debtor shall have taken any action that results in an ownership change of EFH Corp. within the meaning of Section 382(g) of the Internal Revenue Code (including by treating the equity interests of EFH Corp. as becoming worthless within the meaning of Section 382(g)(4)(D) of the Internal Revenue Code); and (ii) Texas Holdings shall not have (A) taken any action that results in an ownership change of EFH Corp. within the meaning of Section 382(g) of the Internal Revenue Code (including by treating the equity interests of EFH Corp. as becoming worthless within the meaning of Section 382(g)(4)(D) of the Internal Revenue Code and thereby resulting in an ownership change of EFH Corp. within the meaning of Section 382(g) of the Internal Revenue Code); (B) knowingly permitted any person (other than Texas Holdings) to own directly, indirectly or constructively (by operation of Section 318 as modified by Section 382(l)(3)(A) of the Internal Revenue Code) 50% or more of the equity interests of EFH Corp. during the three-year period ending on the Effective Date; or (C) changed its taxable year to be other than the calendar year; 
  8.        the EFH Debtors and EFIH Debtors shall have obtained all authorizations, consents, regulatory approvals, rulings, or documents that are necessary to implement and effectuate the Restructuring Transactions with respect to the EFH Debtors, including the Merger, and the transactions contemplated thereby, including from the FERC, PUC, and FCC, as applicable, consistent in all material respects with the terms and conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement; 
  9.        all conditions to the completion of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement shall have been satisfied or shall have been waived by the party entitled to waive them, and the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Agreements shall be completed; 
  10.        all EFIH First Lien Note Claims and EFIH Second Lien Note Claims that are Makewhole Claims shall be Disallowed Makewhole Claims;  
  11.        except as otherwise expressly provided in the Plan, all Claims against the EFH Debtors and/or the EFIH Debtors seeking postpetition interest on any Claim at a rate in excess of the Federal Judgment Rate shall have been disallowed by order of the Bankruptcy Court, and such order shall have not been stayed or reversed or remanded on appeal; 
  12.        the Restructuring Transactions (including, for the avoidance of doubt, all conditions to and transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement), shall have been consummated in form and manner reasonably acceptable to the EFH Debtors, the EFIH Debtors, and the Plan Sponsor, and consistent in all material respects with the Plan and the Transaction Agreements;   provided  ,   however  , that implementation or consummation of the Minority Interest Acquisition shall not be a condition to the EFH Effective Date;  
  13.        immediately prior to consummation of the Merger, all assets of Reorganized EFH and each subsidiary of Reorganized EFH shall be free and clear of all liens, claims, encumbrances and other interests and Reorganized EFH and each subsidiary of Reorganized EFH shall have no liabilities except for (a) up to $10 million for postpetition claims and liabilities arising in the ordinary course of business [(and liens and encumbrances securing any such ordinary course liabilities)] of the EFH Debtors  or EFIH Debtors  postpetition business that shall be fully paid and discharged as and when due in the ordinary course of business pursuant to the Plan and (b) obligations owed to the Plan Sponsor (or any pre-Merger Affiliate of the Plan Sponsor) expressly contemplated by the Merger Agreement;  
  14.        the requirements in the Merger Agreement with respect to the Supplemental Rulings, including with respect to IRS communications related to such Supplemental Rulings, shall have been satisfied;  
  15.        if the Spin-Off is consummated, the Private Letter Ruling remains in full force and effect and has not been revoked or withdrawn; and 
  16.        the consummation of the Merger shall not be in violation of the provisions of the Tax Matters Agreement. 
   
           E. 
    Waiver of Conditions. 
     Except with respect to Article IX.C.4, the conditions to Confirmation with respect to the TCEH Debtors and the EFH Shared Services Debtors and the TCEH Effective Date set forth in this Article IX may be waived by the TCEH Debtors and the EFH Shared Services Debtors, including, in the case of any Conflict Matter between any Debtors, each Debtor acting at the direction of its respective Disinterested Director or Manager and without the consent of any other Debtor, with the consent of the TCEH Supporting First Lien Creditors (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld);   provided  , that in the event the condition to Consummation set forth in Article IX.C.8 is not satisfied, the TCEH Debtors may nevertheless consummate the Taxable Separation and the TCEH Effective Date may occur so long as the other conditions to Confirmation and Consummation have been satisfied or waived in accordance with this Article IX.E;   provided further   that in no event shall either of the conditions set forth in Article IX.C.6 or IX.C.8 be waived without the consent of the Plan Sponsor. 
  The conditions to Confirmation with respect to the EFH Debtors and the EFIH Debtors and the EFH Effective Date set forth in Articles IX.B.1 through IX.B.3, IX.D.1(a), IX.D.1(b), IX.D2 through IX.D.5, IX.D.12, and IX.D.14 through IX.D.16 may be waived subject to the consent of each of (a) the EFH Debtors, (b) the EFIH Debtors, and (c) the Plan Sponsor, including, in the case of any Conflict Matter between any Debtors, each Debtor acting at the direction of its respective Disinterested Director or Manager and without the consent of any other Debtor;   provided   that the conditions precedent to the EFH Effective Date set foth in Article IX.D.1(c) and IX.D.16 shall not be waived without the consent of Reorganized TCEH.  The conditions to the EFH Effective Date set forth in Articles IX.D.7, IX.D.8, IX.D.10, IX.D.11, and IX.D.13 may be waived by the Plan Sponsor in its sole and absolute discretion.  The conditions to the EFH Effective Date set forth in Articles IX.D.6 and IX.D.9 may not be waived pursuant to this Article IX.E, but may only be waived pursuant to waiver rights expressly provided therein, if any.   
   
           F. 
    Effect of Failure of Conditions. 
     Unless extended by the Debtors, including, in the case of any Conflict Matter between any Debtors, each Debtor acting at the direction of its respective Disinterested Director or Manager and without the consent of any other Debtor, if the Effective Date does not occur before one year following Confirmation, with respect to a particular Debtor, then, as to such particular Debtor:  (1) the Plan shall be null and void in all respects; (2) any settlement or compromise embodied in the Plan, assumption or rejection of Executory Contracts or Unexpired Leases effected under the Plan, and any document or agreement executed pursuant to the Plan, shall be deemed null and void; and (3) nothing contained in the Plan shall:  (a) constitute a waiver or release of any Claims, Interests, or Causes of Action; (b) prejudice in any manner the rights of such Debtor or any other Entity; or (c) constitute an admission, acknowledgement, offer, or undertaking of any sort by such Debtor or any other Entity.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, (i) the Settlement embodied in the Settlement Agreement shall remain in full force and effect and the failure of Confirmation or Consummation to occur with respect to any or all Debtors shall not affect the Settlement or any provisions of the Settlement Agreement and (ii) if the Spin-Off is effectuated, the Approval Order shall remain in full force and effect and the failure of Confirmation or Consummation to occur with respect to any Debtor (other than a TCEH Debtor) shall not affect the Approval Order or the Tax Matters Agreement. 
   
           G. 
    Certain IRS Matters. 
     The Plan provides (a) that as a condition precedent to the TCEH Effective Date in the event of a Spin-Off, the Private Letter Ruling obtained by the Debtors is in full force and effect and shall not have been revoked or withdrawn and (b) as a condition precedent to the EFH Effective Date, that the requirements in the Merger Agreement with respect to the Supplemental Rulings shall have been satisfied.   
  Nothing in the Plan (or subsequently amended Plan) or the Confirmation Order shall be deemed to waive the right of the IRS to object to confirmation of a subsequently amended Plan or alternative chapter 11 plan to the extent the U.S. would be entitled to object to confirmation under applicable law, including to the extent that the Debtors choose to go forward with a chapter 11 plan that is premised on a taxable separation of TCEH from EFH Corp. and not a tax-free reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a)(1)(G) of the Internal Revenue Code.  Specifically, the Debtors may not oppose the U.S. s objection on the grounds of failure to file an earlier objection, equitable mootness, laches, estoppel, or a similar theory.  The U.S. may move for a stay of the Effective Date in conjunction with its objection, and the Debtors  right to object to any such motion are preserved. 
  Nothing in the Plan (or subsequently amended Plan) or Confirmation Order shall affect the rights of the IRS or United States to assess or collect a tax arising on or after the Confirmation Date against Reorganized EFH, any member of its consolidated group, and/or any successor entities as permitted under applicable law. 
   
  ARTICLE X.          MODIFICATION, REVOCATION, OR WITHDRAWAL OF THE PLAN 
   
           A. 
    Modification and Amendments. 
     Subject to the Plan Support Agreement, the New EFH/EFIH Plan Support Agreement, the Merger Agreement and the Plan Sponsor s consent (as described below), each of the Debtors, including, in the case of any Conflict Matter between any Debtors, each Debtor acting at the direction of its respective Disinterested Director or Manager and without the consent of any other Debtor, reserves the right to modify the Plan, one or more times, before Confirmation, whether such modification is material or immaterial, and to seek Confirmation consistent with the Bankruptcy Code.  Subject to certain restrictions and requirements set forth in section 1127 of the Bankruptcy Code and Bankruptcy Rule 3019, each of the Debtors, including, in the case of any Conflict Matter between any Debtors, each of the Debtors acting at the direction of its respective Disinterested Director or Manager and without the consent of any other Debtor, expressly reserves its respective rights to alter, amend, or modify the Plan, one or more times, after Confirmation and, to the extent necessary, may initiate proceedings in the Bankruptcy Court to so alter, amend, or modify the Plan, or remedy any defect or omission, or reconcile any inconsistencies in the Plan, the Disclosure Statement, or the Confirmation Order, including with respect to such modifications.  Any alteration, amendment, or modification to the Plan shall be in accordance with the Plan Support Agreement and the New EFH/EFIH Plan Support Agreement and in form and substance reasonably acceptable to (i) the Plan Sponsor (both with respect to (a) the Plan of the EFH Debtors and EFIH Debtors, it being understood that it shall be reasonable for the Plan Sponsor to deem unacceptable any alteration, amendment, or modification that (1) results in the imposition or reinstatement of any Claim against or Interest in the Reorganized EFH Debtors, the Reorganized EFIH Debtors, the Plan Sponsor, or any Affiliate of the Plan Sponsor or (2) alters any consent right in favor of the Reorganized EFH Debtors, the Reorganized EFIH Debtors, the Plan Sponsor, or any Affiliate of the Plan Sponsor, and (b) the Plan of the TCEH Debtors and EFH Shared Services Debtors, but only to the extent that such alteration, amendment, or modification affects the rights or liabilities of the Reorganized EFH Debtors, the Reorganized EFIH Debtors, the Plan Sponsor, or any Affiliate of the Plan Sponsor), (ii) the TCEH Supporting First Lien Creditors (both with respect to (a) the Plan of the TCEH Debtors and EFH Shared Services Debtors and (b) the Plan of the EFH Debtors and EFIH Debtors, but only to the extent that such alteration, amendment, or modification affects the rights or liabilities of Reorganized TCEH)), and (iii) the DIP Agents (and solely with respect to the repayment of the DIP Facilities, acceptable to the DIP Agents).  The Debtors may not amend the Plan in a manner inconsistent with the EFH/EFIH Committee Settlement without the prior consent of the EFH/EFIH Committee and the EFH Notes Trustee. 
   
           B. 
    Effect of Confirmation on Modifications. 
     Entry of a Confirmation Order shall mean that each alteration, amendment, or modification to the Plan since the solicitation thereof are approved pursuant to section 1127(a) of the Bankruptcy Code and do not require additional disclosure or resolicitation under Bankruptcy Rule 3019;   provided  ,   however  , that each alteration, amendment, or modification shall be made in accordance with Article X.A of the Plan. 
   
           C. 
    Revocation or Withdrawal of Plan. 
     1.        Revocation or Withdrawal of the Plan with Respect to the TCEH Debtors and EFH Shared Services Debtors. 
  Subject to the Plan Support Agreement, the New EFH/EFIH Plan Support Agreement, and the Merger Agreement, each of the TCEH Debtors and EFH Shared Services Debtors, including, in the case of any Conflict Matter between any Debtors, each TCEH Debtor or EFH Shared Services Debtor acting at the direction of its respective Disinterested Director or Manager and without the consent of any other Debtor, reserves the right to revoke or withdraw the Plan as it applies to the TCEH Debtors and EFH Shared Services Debtors before the Confirmation Date and to File subsequent plans for any reason, including to the extent the Debtors receive a higher or otherwise better offer than what is provided for in the Plan, or if pursuing Confirmation of the Plan would be inconsistent with any Debtor s fiduciary duties;   provided  ,   however  , that the Debtors shall not seek to revoke or withdraw the Plan with respect to the TCEH Debtors without the consent of the TCEH Supporting First Lien Creditors (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld);   provided further  ,   however  , that the Debtors may withdraw support of the Plan with respect to the TCEH Debtors without any party s consent.   
  2.        Revocation or Withdrawal of the Plan with Respect to the EFH Debtors and EFIH Debtors. 
  Each EFH Debtor and EFIH Debtor reserves the right to revoke or withdraw the Plan as it applies to the EFH Debtors and the EFIH Debtors only to the extent permitted by the terms of the New EFH/EFIH Plan Support Agreement and the Merger Agreement. 
  3.        Consequence of Withdrawal of the Plan. 
  If any of the Debtors revoke or withdraw the Plan, or if Confirmation or Consummation does not occur, then:  (1) the Plan shall be null and void in all respects as to such Debtors; (2) any settlement or compromise embodied in the Plan (other than the Settlement embodied in the Settlement Agreement), assumption or rejection of Executory Contracts or Unexpired Leases effected under the Plan, and any document or agreement executed pursuant to the Plan, shall be deemed null and void as to such Debtors; and (3) nothing contained in the Plan shall:  (a) constitute a waiver or release of any Claims, Interests, or Causes of Action as to such Debtors; (b) prejudice in any manner the rights of such Debtor or any other Entity; or (c) constitute an admission, acknowledgement, offer, or undertaking of any sort by such Debtor or any other Entity.  Notwithstanding the foregoing and for the avoidance of doubt, (i) the Settlement embodied in the Settlement Agreement shall remain in full force and effect and the failure of Confirmation or Consummation to occur with respect to any or all Debtors shall not affect the Settlement or any provisions of the Settlement Agreement and (ii) if the Spin-Off is effectuated, the Approval Order (and the agreements authorized thereby) shall remain in full force and effect and the failure of Confirmation or Consummation to occur with respect to any Debtor (other than a TCEH Debtor) shall not affect the Approval Order or the Tax Matters Agreement. 
   
  ARTICLE XI.          RETENTION OF JURISDICTION 
  Notwithstanding the entry of the Confirmation Order and the occurrence of the Effective Date, on and after the Effective Date, the Bankruptcy Court shall retain exclusive jurisdiction over all matters arising out of, or related to, the Chapter 11 Cases and the Plan pursuant to sections 105(a) and 1142 of the Bankruptcy Code to the extent provided under applicable law, including jurisdiction to: 
  1.        allow, disallow, determine, liquidate, classify, estimate, or establish the priority, Secured or unsecured status, or amount of any Claim or Interest, including the resolution of any request for payment of any Administrative Claim and the resolution of any and all objections to the Secured or unsecured status, priority, amount, or allowance of Claims or Interests; 
  2.        hear and determine matters related to the DIP Facilities and the DIP Orders; 
  3.        decide and resolve all matters related to the granting and denying, in whole or in part, of any applications for allowance of compensation or reimbursement of expenses to Professionals authorized pursuant to the Bankruptcy Code or the Plan; 
  4.        resolve any matters related to:  (a) the assumption, assumption and assignment, or rejection of any Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease to which a Debtor is party or with respect to which a Debtor may be liable and to hear, determine, and, if necessary, liquidate, any Claims arising therefrom, including Cure Claims pursuant to section 365 of the Bankruptcy Code; (b) any potential contractual obligation under any Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease that is assumed; (c) the Reorganized Debtors  amending, modifying, or supplementing, after the Effective Date, pursuant to Article V of the Plan, any Executory Contracts or Unexpired Leases to the Assumed Executory Contracts and Unexpired Lease List, Rejected Executory Contracts and Unexpired Lease List, or otherwise; and (d) any dispute regarding whether a contract or lease is or was executory or expired; 
  5.        adjudicate, decide, or resolve any motions, adversary proceedings, contested or litigated matters, and any other matters, and grant or deny any applications involving a Debtor that may be pending on the Effective Date; 
  6.        adjudicate, decide, or resolve any and all matters related to section 1141 of the Bankruptcy Code; 
  7.        enter and implement such orders as may be necessary to execute, implement, or consummate the Plan and all contracts, instruments, releases, indentures, and other agreements or documents created in connection with the Plan or the Disclosure Statement, including injunctions or other actions as may be necessary to restrain interference by an Entity with Consummation or enforcement of the Plan; 
  8.        enter and enforce any order for the sale of property pursuant to sections 363, 1123, or 1146(a) of the Bankruptcy Code; 
  9.        adjudicate, decide, or resolve any and all matters related to the Restructuring Transactions, including the Tax Matters Agreement; 
  10.        grant any consensual request to extend the deadline for assuming or rejecting Unexpired Leases pursuant to section 365(d)(4) of the Bankruptcy Code; 
  11.        resolve any cases, controversies, suits, disputes, Causes of Action, or any other matters that may arise in connection with the Consummation, interpretation, or enforcement of the Plan, the Disclosure Statement, the Confirmation Order, or the Restructuring Transactions, or any Entity s obligations incurred in connection with the foregoing, including disputes arising under agreements, documents, or instruments executed in connection with the Plan, the Disclosure Statement, the Confirmation Order, or the Restructuring Transactions; 
  12.        resolve any cases, controversies, suits, disputes, or Causes of Action with respect to the releases, injunctions, and other provisions contained in Article VIII of the Plan and enter such orders as may be necessary to implement such releases, injunctions, and other provisions; 
  13.        resolve any cases, controversies, suits, disputes, or Causes of Action relating to the distribution or the repayment or return of distributions and the recovery of additional amounts owed by the Holder of a Claim for amounts not timely repaid pursuant to Article VI.L.1 of the Plan; 
  14.        enter and implement such orders as are necessary if the Confirmation Order is for any reason modified, stayed, reversed, revoked, or vacated; 
  15.        enter an order or decree concluding or closing the Chapter 11 Cases; 
  16.        adjudicate any and all disputes arising from or relating to distributions under the Plan, including the TCEH First Lien Creditor Deposit L/C Collateral Allocation Dispute; 
  17.        consider any modifications of the Plan, to cure any defect or omission, or to reconcile any inconsistency in any Bankruptcy Court order, including the Confirmation Order; 
  18.        hear and determine matters concerning state, local, and federal taxes in accordance with sections 346, 505, and 1146 of the Bankruptcy Code, including any request made under section 505 of the Bankruptcy Code for the expedited determination of any unpaid liability of a Debtor for any tax incurred during the administration of the Chapter 11 Cases, including any tax liability arising from or relating to the Restructuring Transactions, for tax periods ending after the Petition Date and through the closing of the Chapter 11 Cases; 
  19.        except as otherwise limited herein, recover all assets of the Debtors and property of the Estates, wherever located;  
  20.        enforce all orders previously entered by the Bankruptcy Court; and 
  21.        hear any other matter not inconsistent with the Bankruptcy Code. 
   
  ARTICLE XII.          MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 
   
           A. 
    Immediate Binding Effect. 
     Subject to Article IX.C and Article IX.D of the Plan, as applicable, and notwithstanding Bankruptcy Rules 3020(e), 6004(h), or 7062 or otherwise, upon the occurrence of the Effective Date, the terms of the Plan shall be immediately effective and enforceable and deemed binding upon the applicable Debtors, the Reorganized Debtors, and any and all applicable Holders of Claims or Interests (irrespective of whether such Claims or Interests are deemed to have accepted the Plan), all Entities that are parties to or are subject to the settlements, compromises, releases, discharges, exculpations, and injunctions described in the Plan, each Entity acquiring property under the Plan, and any and all non-Debtor parties to Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases with the Debtors.  Nothing in the Plan or the Confirmation Order affects the DIP Lenders  rights or interests provided under the DIP Facilities, the DIP Agreements, or the DIP Orders, including with respect to (1) any waivers or releases contained therein or (2) the DIP Agents  rights to exercise event of default remedies (including after the Confirmation Date and before the Effective Date), until the DIP Claims are satisfied in full. 
   
           B. 
    Additional Documents. 
     On or before the Effective Date, the Debtors may File with the Bankruptcy Court such agreements and other documents as may be necessary or advisable to effectuate and further evidence the terms and conditions of the Plan, in accordance with the Merger Agreement and the New EFH/EFIH Plan Support Agreement.  The Debtors or the Reorganized Debtors, as applicable, and all Holders of Claims and Interests receiving distributions pursuant to the Plan and all other parties in interest shall, from time to time, prepare, execute, and deliver any agreements or documents and take any other actions as may be necessary or advisable to effectuate the provisions and intent of the Plan. 
   
           C. 
    Payment of Statutory Fees. 
     All fees payable pursuant to section 1930(a) of the Judicial Code, including fees and expenses payable to the U.S. Trustee, as determined by the Bankruptcy Court at a hearing pursuant to section 1128 of the Bankruptcy Code, will be paid by each of the applicable Reorganized Debtors (or the Disbursing Agent on behalf of each of the applicable Reorganized Debtors) for each quarter (including any fraction thereof) until the applicable Chapter 11 Case of such Reorganized Debtors is converted, dismissed, or closed, whichever occurs first.  All such fees due and payable prior to the Effective Date shall be paid by the Debtors on the Effective Date.  After the Effective Date, the Disbursing Agent or the applicable Reorganized Debtor shall pay any and all such fees when due and payable, and shall file with the Bankruptcy Court quarterly reports in a form reasonably acceptable to the U.S. Trustee, until the earliest of the date on which the applicable Chapter 11 Case of the Reorganized Debtors is converted, dismissed, or closed. 
   
           D. 
    Statutory Committee and Cessation of Fee and Expense Payment. 
     On the TCEH Effective Date, any statutory committee appointed in the Chapter 11 Cases with respect to the TCEH Debtors (including the TCEH Committee) and, on the EFH Effective Date, any statutory committee appointed in the Chapter 11 Cases with respect to the EFH Debtors or the EFIH Debtors (including the EFH/EFIH Committee) shall dissolve;   provided  ,   however  , that (a) following the Effective Date, the EFH/EFIH Committee and the TCEH Committee shall continue in existence and have standing and a right to be heard for the following limited purposes: (i) Claims and/or applications, and any relief related thereto, for compensation by professionals and requests for allowance of Administrative Claims for substantial contribution pursuant to section 503(b)(3)(D) of the Bankruptcy Code; and (ii) appeals of the Confirmation Order as to which the EFH/EFIH Committee or TCEH Committee, as applicable, is a party; and (b) following the TCEH Effective Date, the TCEH Committee shall continue in existence and have standing and a right to be heard for the purpose of (i) the sale of the EFH Debtors and EFIH Debtors  indirect interest in Oncor and confirmation of the Plan related to the EFH Debtors and EFIH Debtors and (ii) estimating, objecting to, allowing, or setting reserves with respect to any Disputed Claims that could have a material impact on the timing and amount of distributions to Holders of Allowed Claims in Class C4 or Class C5;   provided  , that the Debtors and Reorganized Debtors shall not be liable or otherwise responsible for paying any fees or expenses incurred by the members of or advisors to the TCEH Committee after the TCEH Effective Date in connection with any such activities in this subclause (b) in excess of $200,000, in the aggregate.  Upon dissolution of the EFH/EFIH Committee and TCEH Committee, the members thereof and their respective officers, employees, counsel, advisors, and agents shall be released and discharged from all rights and duties from or related to the Chapter 11 Cases.  The Reorganized Debtors shall no longer be responsible for paying any fees or expenses incurred by the members of or advisors to any statutory committees after the Effective Date, except for the limited purposes identified above. 
   
           E. 
    Reservation of Rights. 
     Except as expressly set forth in the Plan, the Plan shall have no force or effect unless the Bankruptcy Court shall enter the Confirmation Order.  None of the Filing of the Plan, any statement or provision contained in the Plan, or the taking of any action by any Debtor or other Entity with respect to the Plan, the Disclosure Statement, or the Plan Supplement shall be or shall be deemed to be an admission or waiver of any rights of any Debtor or any other Entity with respect to the Holders of Claims or Interests prior to the Effective Date. 
   
           F. 
    Successors and Assigns. 
     The rights, benefits, and obligations of any Entity named or referred to in the Plan shall be binding on, and shall inure to the benefit of any heir, executor, administrator, successor, assign, affiliate, officer, director, manager, agent, representative, attorney, beneficiaries, or guardian, if any, of each Entity. 
   
           G. 
    Consent Rights in Taxable Separation. 
     Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, in the event the Taxable Separation is pursued, no party (other than (i) the TCEH Debtors, including the TCEH Debtors acting at the direction of the applicable Disinterested Directors and Managers with respect to Conflict Matters, (ii) the TCEH Supporting First Lien Creditors, or (iii) the TCEH DIP Agent) shall have any consent, consultation, approval, or similar rights with respect to:  (i) any document referenced in this Plan (including any Plan Supplement document) with respect to the Plan of the TCEH Debtors, that does not affect in any respect any EFH Debtor, any EFIH Debtor, Oncor, the Plan Sponsor, or any Affiliate of the Plan Sponsor and to which none of the EFH Debtor or EFIH Debtor or Oncor  is a party; (ii) the satisfaction or waiver of any of the conditions to Confirmation or Consummation as to the TCEH Debtors; or (iii) any other issue or matter for which seeking or obtaining the consent of the applicable party would be reasonably likely to impede or delay consummation of the Taxable Separation and/or Consummation as to the TCEH Debtors. 
   
           H. 
    Notices. 
     All notices, requests, and demands to be effective shall be in writing (including by facsimile transmission) and, unless otherwise expressly provided herein, shall be deemed to have been duly given or made when actually delivered or, in the case of notice by facsimile transmission, when received and telephonically confirmed, addressed as follows: 
  1.        if to the Debtors, to: 
  Energy Future Holdings Corp.  
  1601 Bryan Street,  
  Dallas, Texas 75201 
  Attention:  Stacey Dor , Andrew Wright, and Cecily Gooch 
  Email address:  stacey.dore@energyfutureholdings.com, andrew.wright@energyfutureholdings.com, and cecily.gooch@energyfutureholdings.com 
  with copies to: 
  Kirkland   Ellis LLP 
  601 Lexington Avenue 
  New York, New York 10022 
  Facsimile:  (212) 446-4900 
  Attention:  Edward O. Sassower, P.C. 
  E-mail addresses:  edward.sassower@kirkland.com  
  --and-- 
    
  Kirkland   Ellis LLP 
  300 North LaSalle 
  Chicago, Illinois 60654 
  Facsimile:  (312) 862-2200 
  Attention:  James H.M. Sprayregen, P.C., Marc Kieselstein, P.C., Chad J. Husnick, and Steven N. Serajeddini 
  E-mail addresses:  james.sprayregen@kirkland.com, marc.kieselstein@kirkland.com, chad.husnick@kirkland.com, and steven.serajeddini@kirkland.com 
    
  --and-- 
    
  Proskauer Rose LLP 
  Three First National Plaza 
  70 W. Madison Street, Suite 3800 
  Chicago, Illinois 60602 
  Facsimile:  (312) 962-3551 
  Attention:  Jeff J. Marwil, Mark. K. Thomas, and Peter J. Young 
  E-mail addresses: jmarwil@proskauer.com, mthomas@proskauer.com, and pyoung@proskauer.com 
    
  --and-- 
    
  Cravath Swaine and Moore LLP 
  Worldwide Plaza 
  825 Eighth Avenue 
  New York, New York 10019 
  Facsimile:  (212) 474-3700 
  Attention:  Philip Gelston 
  E-mail address:  pgelston@cravath.com 
    
  --and-- 
    
  Jenner   Block LLP 
  919 Third Avenue  
  New York, New York 10022 
  Facsimile:  (212) 891-1699 
  Attention:  Richard Levin 
  E-mail address:  rlevin@jenner.com 
    
  --and-- 
    
  Munger, Tolles   Olson LLP 
  355 South Grand Avenue, 35th Floor 
  Los Angeles, California 90071 
  Facsimile:  (213) 683-4022 
  Attention:  Thomas B. Walper and Seth Goldman 
  E-mail addresses:  thomas.walper@mto.com and seth.goldman@mto.com 
    
  2.        if to the TCEH DIP Agent, to: 
  White   Case LLP 
  1155 Avenue of the Americas 
  New York, New York 10005 
  Attention:  Eric Leicht, Andrew Ambruoso, and Robert Morrison 
  E-mail addresses:     eleicht@whitecase.com   ,    aambruoso@whitecase.com   , rmorrison@whitecase.com 
    
  3.        if to the EFIH First Lien DIP Agent, to: 
  Shearman   Sterling LLP 
  599 Lexington Avenue 
  New York, New York 10022 
  Attention:  Fredric Sosnick and Ned S. Schodek 
  E-mail addresses:  fsosnick@shearman.com and ned.schodek@shearman.com 
    
  4.        if to the Plan Sponsor, to: 
  Chadbourne   Parke LLP  1301 Avenue of the Americas  New York, NY 10021  Attention: Howard Seife and Eric Daucher  E-mail addresses: hseife@chadbourne.com and edaucher@chadbourne.com 
  --and--        Landis Rath   Cobb LLP  919 Market Street, Suite 1800  Wilmington, Delaware 19801  Attention: Adam G. Landis and Matthew B. McGuire  E-mail addresses: landis@lrclaw.com and mcguire@lrclaw.com 
    
  5.        if to the TCEH Supporting First Lien Creditors, to: 
  Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton   Garrison LLP  1285 Avenue of the Americas  New York, New York 10019  Attention:  Alan W. Kornberg, Brian S. Hermann, and Jacob A. Adlerstein  E-mail addresses:  akornberg@paulweiss.com, bhermann@paulweiss.com, and jadlerstein@paulweiss.com 
    
  6.        if to the TCEH Committee, to: 
  Morrison   Foerster LLP 
  250 West 55th Street 
  New York, New York 10019 
  Attention:  Brett H. Miller, James M. Peck, Lorenzo Marinuzzi, and Todd M. Goren 
  E-mail addresses: brettmiller@mofo.com, jpeck@mofo.com, lmarinuzzi@mofo.com, and 
  tgoren@mofo.com 
    
  After the Effective Date, the Reorganized Debtors have authority to send a notice to Entities that to continue to receive documents pursuant to Bankruptcy Rule 2002, such Entity must File a renewed request to receive documents pursuant to Bankruptcy Rule 2002.  After the Effective Date, the Reorganized Debtors are authorized to limit the list of Entities receiving documents pursuant to Bankruptcy Rule 2002 to those Entities who have Filed such renewed requests. 
   
           I. 
    Term of Injunctions or Stays. 
     Unless otherwise provided in the Plan or the Confirmation Order, all injunctions or stays in effect in the Chapter 11 Cases pursuant to sections 105 or 362 of the Bankruptcy Code or any order of the Bankruptcy Court, and extant on the Confirmation Date (excluding any injunctions or stays contained in the Plan or the Confirmation Order) shall remain in full force and effect until the Effective Date.  All injunctions or stays contained in the Plan or the Confirmation Order shall remain in full force and effect in accordance with their terms. 
   
           J. 
    Entire Agreement. 
     Except as otherwise indicated, the Plan supersedes all previous and contemporaneous negotiations, promises, covenants, agreements, understandings, and representations on such subjects, all of which have become merged and integrated into the Plan. 
   
           K. 
    Exhibits. 
     All exhibits and documents included in the Plan Supplement are incorporated into and are a part of the Plan as if set forth in full in the Plan.  After the exhibits and documents are Filed, copies of such exhibits and documents shall be available upon written request to the Debtors  counsel at the address above or by downloading such exhibits and documents from the Debtors  restructuring website at http://www.efhcaseinfo.com or the Bankruptcy Court s website at www.deb.uscourts.gov. 
   
           L. 
    Nonseverability of Plan Provisions. 
     If, before Confirmation, any term or provision of the Plan is held by the Bankruptcy Court to be invalid, void, or unenforceable, the Bankruptcy Court shall have the power to alter and interpret such term or provision to make it valid or enforceable to the maximum extent practicable, consistent with the original purpose of the term or provision held to be invalid, void, or unenforceable, and such term or provision shall then be applicable as altered or interpreted;   provided   that in no event shall the Plan Sponsor be required to consummate any of the transactions contemplated to be consummated at the Merger Closing unless the conditions to the Plan Sponsor s consummation of such transactions shall have been satisfied or waived in accordance with the Merger Agreement.  Notwithstanding any such holding, alteration, or interpretation, the remainder of the terms and provisions of the Plan will remain in full force and effect and will in no way be affected, impaired, or invalidated by such holding, alteration, or interpretation.  The Confirmation Order shall constitute a judicial determination and shall provide that each term and provision of the Plan, as it may have been altered or interpreted in accordance with the foregoing, is:  (1) valid and enforceable pursuant to its terms; (2) integral to the Plan and may not be deleted or modified without the Debtors  or Reorganized Debtors  consent, as applicable; and (3) nonseverable and mutually dependent.  Notwithstanding anything in this Plan to the contrary, the Plan may be confirmed and consummated as to the TCEH Debtors and the EFH Shared Services Debtors separate from, and independent of, any confirmation or consummation of this Plan as to any of the EFH Debtors or EFIH Debtors. 
   
           M. 
    Votes Solicited in Good Faith. 
     Upon entry of the Confirmation Order, the Debtors will be deemed to have solicited votes on the Plan in good faith and in compliance with the Bankruptcy Code, and pursuant to section 1125(e) of the Bankruptcy Code, the Debtors and each of their respective Affiliates, agents, representatives, members, principals, shareholders, officers, directors, managers, employees, advisors, and attorneys will be deemed to have participated in good faith and in compliance with the Bankruptcy Code in the offer, issuance, sale, and purchase of Securities offered and sold under the Plan and any previous plan, and, therefore, neither any of such parties or individuals or the Reorganized Debtors will have any liability for the violation of any applicable law (including the Securities Act), rule, or regulation governing the solicitation of votes on the Plan or the offer, issuance, sale, or purchase of the Securities offered and sold under the Plan and any previous plan. 
   
           N. 
    Waiver or Estoppel. 
     Each Holder of a Claim or Interest shall be deemed to have waived any right to assert any argument, including the right to argue that its Claim or Interest should be Allowed in a certain amount, in a certain priority, Secured or not subordinated by virtue of an agreement made with the Debtors or their counsel, or any other Entity, if such agreement was not disclosed in the Plan, the Disclosure Statement, or papers Filed before the Confirmation Date. 
   
           O. 
    Conflicts. 
     Except as set forth in the Plan, to the extent that any provision of the Disclosure Statement, the Plan Supplement, the Merger Agreement, or any agreement or order (other than the Confirmation Order) referenced in the Plan (or any exhibits, schedules, appendices, supplements, or amendments to any of the foregoing), conflict with or are in any way inconsistent with any provision of the Plan, the Plan shall govern and control;   provided  ,   however  , with respect to any conflict or inconsistency between the Plan and the Confirmation Order, the Confirmation Order shall govern;   provided further, however  , that in no event shall the Plan Sponsor be required to consummate any of the transactions contemplated to be consummated at the Merger Closing unless the conditions to the Plan Sponsor s consummation of such transactions shall have been satisfied or waived in accordance with the Merger Agreement. 
    
  [  Remainder of page intentionally left blank  .] 
   
  Dated:  September 21, 2016 
  Respectfully submitted, 
  ENERGY FUTURE HOLDINGS CORP.     
  TEXAS COMPETITIVE ELECTRIC HOLDINGS COMPANY LLC 
  4CHANGE ENERGY COMPANY  4CHANGE ENERGY HOLDINGS LLC  BIG BROWN 3 POWER COMPANY LLC  BIG BROWN LIGNITE COMPANY LLC  BIG BROWN POWER COMPANY LLC  BRIGHTEN ENERGY LLC 
  BRIGHTEN HOLDINGS LLC 
  COLLIN POWER COMPANY LLC 
  DALLAS POWER   LIGHT COMPANY, INC.  DECORDOVA II POWER COMPANY LLC  
  DECORDOVA POWER COMPANY LLC 
  EAGLE MOUNTAIN POWER COMPANY LLC 
  EBASCO SERVICES OF CANADA LIMITED 
  EEC HOLDINGS, INC. 
  EECI, INC. 
  EFH AUSTRALIA (NO. 2) HOLDINGS COMPANY 
  EFH CG HOLDINGS COMPANY LP 
  EFH CG MANAGEMENT COMPANY LLC 
  EFH CORPORATE SERVICES COMPANY  EFIH FINANCE (NO. 2) HOLDINGS COMPANY 
  EFIH FINANCE INC. 
  EFH FS HOLDINGS COMPANY 
  ENERGY FUTURE COMPETITIVE HOLDINGS COMPANY LLC 
  ENERGY FUTURE INTERMEDIATE HOLDING COMPANY LLC 
  EFH RENEWABLES COMPANY LLC 
  GENERATION DEVELOPMENT COMPANY LLC 
  GENERATION MT COMPANY LLC  GENERATION SVC COMPANY  LAKE CREEK 3 POWER COMPANY LLC 
  LONE STAR ENERGY COMPANY, INC. 
  LONE STAR PIPELINE COMPANY, INC. 
  LSGT GAS COMPANY LLC 

Exhibit 2(b) 

LSGT SACROC, INC.  LUMINANT BIG BROWN MINING COMPANY LLC  LUMINANT ENERGY COMPANY LLC  LUMINANT ENERGY TRADING CALIFORNIA COMPANY  LUMINANT ET SERVICES COMPANY  LUMINANT GENERATION COMPANY LLC  LUMINANT HOLDING COMPANY LLC  LUMINANT MINERAL DEVELOPMENT COMPANY LLC 
  LUMINANT MINING COMPANY LLC  LUMINANT RENEWABLES COMPANY LLC 
  MARTIN LAKE 4 POWER COMPANY LLC  MONTICELLO 4 POWER COMPANY LLC  MORGAN CREEK 7 POWER COMPANY LLC 
  NCA DEVELOPMENT COMPANY LLC  NCA RESOURCES DEVELOPMENT COMPANY LLC  OAK GROVE MANAGEMENT COMPANY LLC  OAK GROVE MINING COMPANY LLC  OAK GROVE POWER COMPANY LLC  SANDOW POWER COMPANY LLC 
  SOUTHWESTERN ELECTRIC SERVICE COMPANY, INC.  TCEH FINANCE, INC. 
  TEXAS ELECTRIC SERVICE COMPANY, INC. 
  TEXAS ENERGY INDUSTRIES COMPANY, INC. 
  TEXAS POWER   LIGHT COMPANY, INC. 
  TEXAS UTILITIES COMPANY, INC. 
  TEXAS UTILITIES ELECTRIC COMPANY, INC.  TRADINGHOUSE 3   4 POWER COMPANY LLC  TRADINGHOUSE POWER COMPANY LLC 
  TXU ELECTRIC COMPANY, INC. 
  TXU ENERGY RECEIVABLES COMPANY LLC  TXU ENERGY RETAIL COMPANY LLC  TXU ENERGY SOLUTIONS COMPANY LLC 
  TXU RECEIVABLES COMPANY  TXU RETAIL SERVICES COMPANY  TXU SEM COMPANY  VALLEY NG POWER COMPANY LLC  VALLEY POWER COMPANY LLC 
    
  By:    /s/      Anthony Horton           
    
  Name:       Anthony Horton  
           Title:  
    Senior Vice President and Treasurer of EFH Corp., EFIH, EFCH, and TCEH     

Exhibit 2(b) 

Prepared by: 
  KIRKLAND   ELLIS LLP  Edward O. Sassower, P.C. (admitted   pro hac vice  ) 
  Stephen E. Hessler (admitted   pro hac vice  ) 
  Brian E. Schartz (admitted   pro hac vice  ) 
  601 Lexington Avenue  New York, New York 10022  (212) 446 4800 (telephone) 
    --and-- 
    
  James H.M. Sprayregen, P.C. (admitted   pro hac vice  ) 
  Marc Kieselstein, P.C. (admitted   pro hac vice  ) 
  Chad J. Husnick (admitted   pro hac vice  ) 
  Steven N. Serajeddini (admitted   pro hac vice  ) 
  300 North LaSalle 
  Chicago, Illinois 60654 
  (312) 862-2000 (telephone) 
    
  --and-- 
    
  RICHARDS LAYTON   FINGER 
  Mark D. Collins (No. 2981)   Daniel J. DeFranceschi (No. 2732)  Jason M. Madron (No. 4431) 
  920 North King Street 
  Wilmington, Delaware 19801 
  (302) 651-7700 (telephone) 
    
  Counsel to the Debtors and Debtors in Possession 
    
  --and-- 
    
  PROSKAUER ROSE LLP 
  Jeff J. Marwil (admitted   pro hac vice  ) 
  Mark K. Thomas (admitted   pro hac vice  ) 
  Peter J. Young (admitted   pro hac vice  ) 
  Three First National Plaza 
  70 W. Madison Street, Suite 3800 
  Chicago, Illinois 60602 
  (312) 962-3550 (telephone) 
    
  Co-Counsel to the Debtor Energy Future Holdings Corp. 
    
  --and-- 
    
  CRAVATH, SWAINE AND MOORE LLP 
  Phillip Gelston (admitted   pro hac vice  ) 
  Worldwide Plaza 
  825 Eighth Avenue 
  New York, New York 10019 
  (212) 474-1978 (telephone) 

Exhibit 2(b) 

JENNER   BLOCK LLP 
  Richard Levin (admitted   pro hac vice  ) 
  919 Third Avenue  
  New York, New York 10022 
  (212) 891-1600 (telephone) 
    
  Co-Counsel to the Debtor Energy Future Intermediate Holding Company LLC 
    
  --and-- 
    
  MUNGER, TOLLES   OLSON LLP 
               Thomas B. Walper (admitted   pro hac vice  )  
      Todd J. Rosen (admitted   pro hac vice  )  
  Seth Goldman (admitted   pro hac vice  )  

355 South Grand Avenue, 35th Floor 
  Los Angeles, California 90071 
  (213) 683-9100 (telephone) 
    
  Co-Counsel to the TCEH Debtors 

Exhibit 2(b) 

EXHIBIT A 
    
  TCEH s Debtor Subsidiaries 
    
  4Change Energy Company  
  4Change Energy Holdings LLC 
  Big Brown 3 Power Company LLC 
  Big Brown Lignite Company LLC 
  Big Brown Power Company LLC 
  Collin Power Company LLC 
  DeCordova Power Company LLC 
  DeCordova II Power Company LLC 
  Eagle Mountain Power Company LLC 
  Generation MT Company LLC 
  Generation SVC Company 
  Lake Creek 3 Power Company LLC 
  Luminant Big Brown Mining Company LLC 
  Luminant Energy Company LLC 
  Luminant Energy Trading California Company 
  Luminant ET Services Company  
  Luminant Generation Company LLC 
  Luminant Holding Company LLC 
  Luminant Mineral Development Company LLC  
  Luminant Mining Company LLC 
  Luminant Renewables Company LLC 
  Martin Lake 4 Power Company LLC 
  Monticello 4 Power Company LLC 
  Morgan Creek 7 Power Company LLC 
  NCA Resources Development Company LLC 
  Oak Grove Management Company LLC 
  Oak Grove Mining Company LLC 
  Oak Grove Power Company LLC 
  Sandow Power Company LLC 
  TCEH Finance, Inc. 
  Tradinghouse 3   4 Power Company LLC  
  Tradinghouse Power Company LLC 
  TXU Energy Receivables Company LLC 
  TXU Energy Retail Company LLC 
  TXU Energy Solutions Company LLC 
  TXU Retail Services Company 
  TXU SEM Company 
  Valley NG Power Company LLC 
  Valley Power Company LLC 

</EX-2.B>

<EX-31.A>
 3
 efh-2016930xexhibit31a.htm
 CERFITICATION OF PAUL M. KEGLEVIC

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31(a)  
  ENERGY FUTURE HOLDINGS CORP. 
  Certificate Pursuant to Section 302 
  of Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 
    
  I, Paul M. Keglevic, certify that: 
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Energy Future Holdings Corp.; 
       
           2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
       
           3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
       
           4. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))     for the registrant and have: 
       
           a. 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
       
           b. 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
       
           c. 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
       
           d. 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
       
           5. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
       
           a. 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
       
           b. 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.  
       
                         Date: 
    November 1, 2016 

/s/ PAUL M. KEGLEVIC 

Name: 
      
    Paul M. Keglevic 

Title: 
      
    President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Restructuring Officer and Chief Accounting Officer 

</EX-31.A>

<EX-31.B>
 4
 efh-2016930xexhibit31b.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF ANTHONY R. HORTON

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31(b)  
  ENERGY FUTURE HOLDINGS CORP. 
  Certificate Pursuant to Section 302 
  of Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 
    
  I, Anthony R. Horton, certify that: 
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Energy Future Holdings Corp.; 
       
           2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
       
           3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
       
           4. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))     for the registrant and have: 
       
           a. 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
       
           b. 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
       
           c. 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
       
           d. 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
       
           5. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
       
           a. 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
       
           b. 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.  
       
                         Date: 
    November 1, 2016 

/s/ ANTHONY R. HORTON 

Name: 
      
    Anthony R. Horton 

Title: 
      
    Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

</EX-31.B>

<EX-32.A>
 5
 efh-2016930xexhibit32a.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF PAUL M. KEGLEVIC

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32(a) 
    
  ENERGY FUTURE HOLDINGS CORP. 
  Certificate Pursuant to Section 906 
  of Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 
  CERTIFICATION OF CEO 
    
  The undersigned, Paul M. Keglevic, President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Restructuring Officer and Chief Accounting Officer of Energy Future Holdings Corp. (the "Company"), DOES HEREBY CERTIFY that, to his knowledge: 
           1. 
    The Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 (the "Report") fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and  
       
           2. 
    Information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
       
  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has caused this instrument to be executed this 1st day of November, 2016. 

/s/ PAUL M. KEGLEVIC 
      Name: 
      
    Paul M. Keglevic 
      Title: 
      
    President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Restructuring Officer and Chief Accounting Officer 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Energy Future Holdings Corp. and will be retained by Energy Future Holdings Corp. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.A>

<EX-32.B>
 6
 efh-2016930xexhibit32b.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF ANTHONY R. HORTON

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32(b) 
  ENERGY FUTURE HOLDINGS CORP. 
  Certificate Pursuant to Section 906 
  of Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 
  CERTIFICATION OF CFO 
    
  The undersigned, Anthony R. Horton, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Energy Future Holdings Corp. (the "Company"), DOES HEREBY CERTIFY that, to his knowledge: 
           1. 
    The Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 (the "Report") fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
       
           2. 
    Information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
       
  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has caused this instrument to be executed this 1st day of November, 2016. 

/s/ ANTHONY R. HORTON 
      Name: 
      
    Anthony R. Horton 
      Title: 
      
    Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Energy Future Holdings Corp. and will be retained by Energy Future Holdings Corp. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.B>

<EX-95.A>
 7
 efh-2016930xexhibit95a.htm
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES

Exhibit 

Exhibit 95(a) 
    
  Mine Safety Disclosures 
    
  Safety is a top priority in all our businesses, and accordingly, it is a key component of our focus on operational excellence, our employee performance reviews and employee compensation.  Our health and safety program objectives are to prevent workplace accidents and ensure that all employees return home safely and comply with all regulations. 
    
  Reorganized TCEH currently owns and operates 12 surface lignite coal mines in Texas to provide fuel for its electricity generation facilities.  These mining operations are regulated by the US Mine Safety and Health Administration (MSHA) under the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977, as amended (the Mine Act), as well as other regulatory agencies such as the RCT.  The MSHA inspects US mines, including Reorganized TCEH's, on a regular basis and if it believes a violation of the Mine Act or any health or safety standard or other regulation has occurred, it may issue a citation or order, generally accompanied by a proposed fine or assessment.  Such citations and orders can be contested and appealed to the Federal Mine Safety and Health Review Commission (FMSHRC), which often results in a reduction of the severity and amount of fines and assessments and sometimes results in dismissal.  The number of citations, orders and proposed assessments vary depending on the size of the mine as well as other factors. 
    
  Disclosures related to specific mines pursuant to Section 1503 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and Item 104 of Regulation S-K sourced from data documented at October 6, 2016 in the MSHA Data Retrieval System for the three months ended September 30, 2016 (except pending legal actions, which are at September 30, 2016), are as follows: 
                                                                         Mine (a) 
      
    Section 104  S and S Citations (b) 
      
    Section 104(b) Orders 
      
    Section 104(d)  Citations and Orders 
      
    Section 110(b)(2) Violations 
      
    Section 107(a) Orders 
      
    Total Dollar Value of MSHA Assessments Proposed (c) 
      
    Total Number of Mining Related Fatalities 
      
    Received Notice of Pattern of Violations Under Section 104(e) 
      
    Received Notice of Potential to Have Pattern Under Section 104(e) 
      
    Legal Actions Pending at Last Day of Period (d) 
      
    Legal Actions Initiated During Period 
      
    Legal Actions Resolved During Period 
      Big Brown 
      
    1 

Kosse 
      
    3 

2 

1 
      
      Liberty 
      
    5 

2 

Three Oaks 
      
    4 

3 

1 

____________ 
           (a) 
    Excludes mines for which there were no applicable events. 
              (b) 
    Includes MSHA citations for health or safety standards that could significantly and substantially contribute to a serious injury if left unabated. 
              (c) 
    Total value in thousands of dollars for proposed assessments received from MSHA for all citations and orders issued in the three months ended September 30, 2016, including but not limited to Sections 104, 107 and 110 citations and orders that are not required to be reported. 
              (d) 
    Pending actions before the FMSHRC involving a coal or other mine.  Both are contests of proposed penalties. 

</EX-95.A>

<EX-99.A>
 8
 efh-2016930xexhibit99a.htm
 TWELVE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 STATEMENT OF INCOME

Exhibit 

Exhibit 99(a) 
  ENERGY FUTURE HOLDINGS CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES, A DEBTOR-IN-POSSESSION 
  CONDENSED STATEMENT OF CONSOLIDATED LOSS 
  (Unaudited) 

</EX-99.A>

<EX-101.INS>
 9
 efh-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 efh-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 efh-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 efh-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 efh-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 efh-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

