<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1633858_0001144204-16-134208_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>737014</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>109578</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>3978</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>488454</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>83</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>5</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-134208.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114162314
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-134208
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		7
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Audax Credit BDC Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001633858
		IRS NUMBER:				473039124
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	814-01154
		FILM NUMBER:		161995085

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		101 HUNTINGTON AVENUE
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02199
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(617) 859-1513

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		101 HUNTINGTON AVENUE
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02199

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Audax Credit BDC, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150415

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Audax Senior BDC Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150212

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-134208.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 v452993_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549   

FORM 10-Q

(Mark One)   

For the quarterly period ended September 30,
2016   

OR   

For the transition period from                     
to                        

Commission file number: 814-01154   

AUDAX CREDIT BDC INC.   

  (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter)   

DELAWARE

47-3039124

(State
or other jurisdiction of  
incorporation or organization)    
       
       (I.R.S.
Employer  
Identification No.)     

101 HUNTINGTON AVENUE

BOSTON, MASSACHUSSETS

02199     
 
       (Address of principal
    executive office)    
       
       (Zip Code)     

(617) 859-1500   

  (Registrant s telephone number, including
area code)   

Not Applicable   

   (Former name,
former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report)     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed
all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to
such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes    x       No  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit and post such files).    Yes              No  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12
b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer   

Accelerated filer   

Non-accelerated filer   
       
      x     (Do not check
    if a smaller reporting company)   
       
      Smaller reporting company   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes             No  
 x  

The registrant had 14,680,630 shares of common
stock, par value $0.001 per share, outstanding as of November 14, 2016. 

AUDAX CREDIT BDC INC.   

  TABLE OF CONTENTS   

Audax Credit BDC Inc.   

  Statements of Assets and Liabilities   

  September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  

  (Expressed in U.S. Dollars)  

(a)   Refer to Note 4- Related Party Transactions  for
additional information 

(b)   Refer to Note 8- Commitments and Contingencies  for
additional information 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

Audax Credit BDC Inc.   

  Statements of Operations  

  (Expressed in U.S. Dollars)  

  (unaudited)  

(a)  Refer to Note 4- Related Party Transactions 
for additional information 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

Audax Credit BDC Inc.   

  Statements of Changes in Net Assets  

  (Expressed in U.S. Dollars)  

  (unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

Audax Credit BDC Inc.   

  Statements of Cash Flows  

  (Expressed in U.S. Dollars)  

  (unaudited)  

(a)   Refer to Note 4- Related Party Transactions  for
additional information 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

Audax Credit BDC Inc.   

  Schedule of Investments  

  As of September 30, 2016  

  (Expressed in U.S. Dollars)  

  (unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

Audax Credit BDC Inc.   

  Schedule of Investments (Continued)  

  As of September 30, 2016  

  (Expressed in U.S. Dollars)  

  (unaudited)  

(a)  All companies are located in the United States of America. 

(b)  Interest rate percentages represent actual interest rates
which are indexed from then 30-day London Interbank Offered Rate ( LIBOR ) unless otherwise noted. LIBOR rates are subject
to interest rate floors which can vary based on the contractual agreement with the borrower. Due dates represent the contractual
maturity date. 

(c)  All loans are income-producing, unless otherwise noted. 

(d)  All investments are qualifying assets under Section 55(a)
of the Investment Act of 1940, unless otherwise noted. 

(e)  Percentages are calculated using fair value of investments
over net assets. 

(f)  Non-Control/Non-Affiliate investments, as defined by the
1940 Act, are those that are neither Control nor Affiliate investments which the ownership percentage is less than 5.0% of the
issued and outstanding voting securities. 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

Audax Credit BDC Inc.   

  Schedule of Investments  

  As of December 31, 2015  

  (Expressed in U.S. Dollars)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

Audax Credit BDC Inc.   

  Schedule of Investments (Continued)  

  As of December 31, 2015  

  (Expressed in U.S. Dollars)  

(a)  All companies are located in the United States of America. 

(b)  Interest rate percentages represent actual interest rates
which are indexed from then 30-day London Interbank Offered Rate ( LIBOR ). unless otherwise noted. LIBOR rates are
subject to interest rate floors which can vary based on the contractual agreement with the borrower. Due dates represent the contractual
maturity date. 

(c)  All loans are income-producing, unless otherwise noted. 

(d)  All investments are qualifying assets under Section 55(a)
of the Investment Act of 1940, unless otherwise noted. 

(e)  Percentages are calculated using fair value of investments
over net assets. 

(f)  Non-Control/Non-Affiliate investments, as defined by the
1940 Act, are those that are neither Control nor Affiliate investments which the ownership percentage is less than 5.0% of the
issued and outstanding voting securities. 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

Audax Credit BDC Inc.   

  Notes to Financial Statements  

  September 30, 2016  

  (unaudited)  

Note 1. Organization  

Audax Credit BDC Inc. (the  Company ) is
a Delaware corporation that was formed on January 29, 2015. The Company is an externally managed, closed-end, non-diversified
management investment company that has elected to be treated as a business development company ( BDC ) under the Investment
Company Act of 1940, as amended (the  1940 Act ). In addition, effective with the Company s taxable year ended
December 31, 2015, the Company has elected to be treated for federal income tax purposes as a regulated investment company ( RIC )
under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the  Code ). 

The Company commenced business operations on July 8,
2015, the date on which the company made its first investment. The Company has been formed for the purpose of investing primarily
in the debt of leveraged, non-investment grade middle market companies, with the principal objective of generating income and
capital appreciation. The Company s investment strategy is to invest primarily in first lien senior secured loans and selectively
in second lien loans to middle market companies. During the period prior to July 8, 2015, the Company was a development stage
company, as defined in Paragraph 915-10-05,  Development Stage Entity , of the Financial Accounting Standards Board s
( FASB s ) Accounting Standards Codification, as amended ( ASC ) . During this time, the Company
was devoting substantially all of its efforts to establishing its business and its planned principal operations had not commenced.
All losses accumulated during the period prior to July 8, 2015 have been considered a part of the Company s development
stage activities. 

Audax Management Company (NY), LLC (the  Adviser )
is the investment adviser of the Company. The Adviser is registered as an investment adviser with the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission (the  SEC ) under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended. 

Note 2. Significant Accounting Policies  

Basis of Presentation   

 As an investment company, the accompanying financial
statements of the Company are prepared in accordance with the investment company accounting and reporting guidance of ASC Topic
946,   Financial Services   Investment Companies ,  as amended, which incorporates the requirements for
reporting on Form 10-Q and Articles 6 and 10 of Regulation S-X, as well as accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America ( GAAP ). 

Certain financial information that is normally included
in annual financial statements, including certain financial statement footnotes, prepared in accordance with GAAP, is not required
for interim reporting purposes and has been condensed or omitted herein. Accordingly, certain disclosures accompanying annual
financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP are omitted. In the opinion of management of the Company, the unaudited
financial results included herein contain all adjustments, consisting solely of normal accruals, considered necessary for the
fair presentation of financial statements for the interim period included herein. The current period s results of operations
are not necessarily indicative of the operating results to be expected for future periods. The accounting records of the Company
are maintained in U.S dollars. 

Use of Estimates   

 The preparation of financial statements in conformity
with GAAP requires management of the Company to make estimates and assumptions that may affect the reported amounts and disclosures
in the financial statements. Changes in the economic environment, financial markets and any other parameters used in determining
these estimates could cause actual results to differ and these differences could be material. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents   

 Cash and cash equivalents are stated at fair value. The
Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with maturities of three months or less and money market mutual funds
to be cash equivalents. No cash equivalent balances were held at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. At such dates, cash
was not subject to any restrictions on withdrawal. 

Organization and Offering Expenses   

 The Company did not incur any organizational costs for
the three or nine months ended September 30, 2016. The Company incurred organizational costs of $4,060 and $304,724 for the three
months ended September 30, 2015 and the period January 29, 2015 (date of inception) through September 30, 2015, respectively.
Organization costs included the cost of incorporating, including the cost of legal services and other fees pertaining to the Company s
organization. These costs were expensed on the Company s statement of operations as incurred. The Company also incurred
offering costs of $145,358 in prior periods. The Company s offering costs included legal fees and other costs pertaining
to the preparation of the Company  Registration Statement and sale of the Company s shares of common stock. The Company
capitalized these expenses and amortized them on a straight-line basis over a twelve-month period. The amortization is included
within professional fees and other expenses within the statement of operations   and amounted to $0 and $72,679 for the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2016. The amortization is included within professional fees and other expenses within the
Statement of Operations and amounted to $36,339 for three months ended September 30, 2015 and for the period January 29, 2015
to September 30, 2015. 

Expenses   

 The Company is responsible for investment expenses, legal expenses,
auditing fees and other expenses related to the Company s operations. Such fees and expenses, including expenses initially
incurred by the Adviser, may be reimbursed by the Company. 

Investment Valuation Policy   

 The Company conducts the valuation of the Company s
investments, pursuant to which the Company s net asset value is determined, at all times consistent with GAAP and the 1940
Act. The Company s Board of Directors, with the assistance of the Audit Committee, determines the fair value of the Company s
investments, for investments with a public market, daily, and for investments with no readily available public market, on at least
a quarterly basis, in accordance with the terms of ASC Topic 820,   Fair Value Measurement and   Disclosures , 
as amended   ( ASC 820 ). The Company s valuation procedures are set forth in more detail below. 

ASC 820 defines fair value as  the price that would
be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement
date.  Fair value is a market-based measurement, not an entity-specific measurement. For some assets and liabilities, observable
market transactions or market information might be available. For other assets and liabilities, observable market transactions
and market information might not be available. However, the objective of a fair value measurement in both cases is the same  
to estimate the price when an orderly transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability would take place between market
participants at the measurement date under current market conditions (that is, an exit price at the measurement date from the
perspective of a market participant that holds the asset or owes the liability). 

ASC 820 establishes a hierarchal disclosure framework
which ranks the observability of inputs used in measuring financial instruments at fair value. The observability of inputs is
impacted by a number of factors, including the type of financial instruments and their specific characteristics. Financial instruments
with readily available quoted prices, or for which fair value can be measured from quoted prices in active markets, generally
will have a higher degree of market price observability and a lesser degree of judgment applied in determining fair value. 

The three-level hierarchy for fair value measurement
is defined as follows: 

Level   1     Inputs
to the valuation methodology are quoted prices available in active markets for identical financial instruments as of the measurement
date. The types of financial instruments in this category include unrestricted securities, including equities and derivatives,
listed in active markets. The Company does not adjust the quoted price for these instruments, even in situations where the Company
holds a large position, and a sale could reasonably be expected to impact the quoted price. 

Level   2     Inputs
to the valuation methodology are quoted prices in markets that are not active or for which all significant inputs are either directly
or indirectly observable as of the measurement date. The types of financial instruments in this category include less liquid and
restricted securities listed in active markets, securities traded in markets that are not active, government and agency securities,
and certain over-the-counter derivatives where the fair value is based on observable inputs. 

Level   3     Inputs to the valuation methodology
are unobservable and significant to the overall fair value measurement, and include situations where there is little, if any,
market activity for the investment. The inputs into the determination of fair value require significant management judgment or
estimation. The types of financial instruments in this category include investments in privately held entities, non-investment
grade residual interests in securitizations, collateralized loan obligations, and certain over-the-counter derivatives where the
fair value is based on unobservable inputs. 

In certain cases, the inputs used to measure fair value
may fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In such cases, the determination of which category within the fair
value hierarchy is appropriate for any given financial instrument is based on the lowest level of input that is significant to
the fair value measurement. Assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety
requires judgment and considers factors specific to the financial instrument. 

Pursuant to the framework set forth above, the Company
values securities traded in active markets on the measurement date by multiplying the exchange closing price of such traded securities/instruments
by the quantity of shares or amount of the instrument held. The Company may also obtain quotes with respect to certain of its
investments from pricing services, brokers or dealers  quotes, or counterparty marks in order to value liquid assets that
are not traded in active markets. 

Pricing services aggregate, evaluate and report pricing
from a variety of sources including observed trades of identical or similar securities, broker or dealer quotes, model-based valuations
and internal fundamental analysis and research. When doing so, the Company determines whether the quote obtained is sufficient
according to GAAP to determine the fair value of the security. If determined adequate, the Company uses the quote obtained. 

Securities that are illiquid or for which the pricing
source does not provide a valuation or methodology or provides a valuation or methodology that, in the judgment of the Company s
Board of Directors, does not represent fair value, are each valued as of the measurement date using all techniques appropriate
under the circumstances and for which sufficient data are available. These valuation techniques vary by investment but include
comparable public market valuations, comparable precedent transaction valuations and discounted cash flow analyses. The process
used to determine the applicable value is as follows: (i) each portfolio company or investment is initially valued by the investment
professionals of the Adviser responsible for the portfolio investment using a standardized template designed to approximate fair
market value based on observable market inputs and updated credit statistics and unobservable inputs; (ii) preliminary valuation
conclusions are documented and discussed with the Company s senior management and members of the Company s Adviser s
valuation team; (iii) the Company s Audit Committee reviews the assessments of the Adviser and provides the Company s
Board of Directors with recommendations with respect to the fair value of the investments in the Company s portfolio; and
(iv) the Company s Board of Directors discusses the valuation recommendations of the Company s Audit Committee and
determines the fair value of the investments in the Company s portfolio in good faith based on the input of the Adviser
and in accordance with the Company s valuation policy. 

The Company s Audit Committee s recommendation
of fair value is generally based on its assessment of the following factors, as relevant: 

the nature
                                         and realizable value of any collateral;   

call features,
                                         put features and other relevant terms of debt;   

the portfolio
                                         company s ability to make payments;   

the portfolio
                                         company s actual and expected earnings and discounted cash flow;   

prevailing
                                         interest rates for like securities and expected volatility in future interest rates;   

the markets
                                         in which the issuer does business and recent economic and/or market events; and   

comparisons
                                         to publicly traded securities.   

Investment performance data utilized are the most recently
available as of the measurement date, which in many cases may reflect up to a one quarter lag in information. 

Securities for which market quotations are not readily
available or for which a pricing source is not sufficient may include the following: 

private placements
                                         and restricted securities that do not have an active trading market;   

securities
                                         whose trading has been suspended or for which market quotes are no longer available;   

debt securities
                                         that have recently gone into default and for which there is no current market;   

securities
                                         whose prices are stale; and   

securities
                                         affected by significant events.   

The Company s Board of Directors is ultimately
responsible for the determination, in good faith, of the fair value of the Company s portfolio investments. 

Determination of fair value involves subjective judgments
and estimates. Accordingly, these notes to the Company s financial statements express the uncertainty with respect to the
possible effect of such valuations, and any change in such valuations, on the Company s financial statements. 

Security transactions are recorded on trade date (date
the order to buy or sell is executed or, in the case of privately issued securities, the closing date, which is when all terms
of the transactions have been defined). Realized gains and losses on investments are determined based on the identified cost method. 

Refer to Note 3    Investments  in the notes
accompanying our financial statements for additional information regarding fair value measurements and the Company s application
of ASC 820. 

Interest Income Recognition   

 Interest income, adjusted for amortization of premiums,
acquisition costs, and amendment fees and the accretion of original issue discount ( OID ), is recorded on an accrual
basis to the extent that such amounts are expected to be collected. Generally, when a loan becomes 120 days or more past due,
or if the Company s qualitative assessment indicates that the debtor is unable to service its debt or other obligations,
the Company will place the loan on non-accrual status and cease recognizing interest income on that loan for financial reporting
purposes until the borrower has demonstrated the ability and intent to pay contractual amounts due. However, the Company will
remain contractually entitled to this interest. Interest payments received on non-accrual loans are restored to accrual status
when past due principal and interest are paid and, in management s judgment, are likely to remain current or, due to a restructuring,
the interest income is deemed to be collectible. 

The Company currently holds loans in the portfolio that
contain OID and expects to hold loans in the future that contain payment-in-kind ( PIK ) provisions. The Company recognizes
OID for loans originally issued at a discount and recognizes the income over the life of the obligation based on an effective
yield calculation. PIK interest, computed at the contractual rate specified in a loan agreement, is added to the principal balance
of a loan and recorded as income over the life of the obligation. Therefore, the actual collection of PIK income may be deferred
until the time of debt principal repayment. To maintain the ability to be taxed as a RIC, the Company may need to pay out of both
OID and PIK non-cash income amounts in the form of distributions, even though the Company has not yet collected the cash on either. 

As of September 30, 2016, the Company held 68 investments
in loans with OID. The Company accrued OID income of $57,327 and $130,467 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016,
respectively. The unamortized balance of OID investments as of September 30, 2016, totaled $1,523,310. As of December 31, 2015,
the Company held 40 investments in loans with OID. The unamortized balance of OID investments as of December 31, 2015, totaled
$845,411. The Company accrued OID income of $2,725 for the three months ended September 30, 2015 and for the period January 29,
2015 (date of inception) through September 30, 2015. 

As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company
held $20,915,053 and $43,155,376 of cash and cash equivalents, respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 30,
2016, the Company earned interest income related to cash of $12,061 and $40,615, respectively, which is included in other interest
income within the accompanying statement of operations. The Company earned $1,998 of interest income related to cash for the three
months ended September 30, 2015 and for the period January 29, 2015 (date of inception) through September 30, 2015. 

Other Income Recognition   

 The Company generally records prepayment fees upon receipt
of cash. 

Dividend income on equity investments is accrued to the
extent that such amounts are expected to be collected and if the Company has the option to collect such amounts in cash. 

Prepayment fees and dividend income are both accrued
in other income in the accompanying   statements of operations. 

The Company accrued $7,948 and $25,261 of other income for the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 related to amendment fees. The Company did not record any other income for the
three months ended September 30, 2015 or for the period January 29, 2015 (date of inception) through September 30, 2015. 

Note 3. Investments  

Fair Value  

In accordance with ASC 820, the Company s investments 
fair value is determined to be the price that would be received for an investment in a current sale, assuming an orderly transaction
between willing market participants on the measurement date. This fair value definition focuses on exit price in the principal,
or most advantageous, market and prioritizes, within a measurement of fair value, the use of market-based inputs over entity-specific
inputs. ASC 820 also establishes the three-level hierarchy for fair value measurements based upon the transparency of inputs to
the valuation of a financial instrument as of the measurement date as described in Note 2    Significant Accounting
Policies . 

As of September 30, 2016, $80,190,024 of the Company s
investments were valued using Level 3 inputs, and $49,742,251 were valued using Level 2 inputs. During the nine months ended September
30, 2016, $22,725,349 and $7,954,014 of investments transferred into and out of Level 3, respectively. 

As of December 31, 2015, $27,319,316 of the Company s
investments were valued using Level 3 inputs, and $34,058,836 were valued using Level 2 inputs. During the period January 29,
2015 (date of inception) through December 31, 2015, there were no investments transferred into or out of Levels 1, 2 or 3. 

The following tables present the Company s investments
carried at fair value as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, by caption on the Company s accompanying statements
of assets and liabilities and by security type. 

In accordance with ASC 820, the following table provides
quantitative information about the Level 3 fair value measurements of the Company s investments as of September 30, 2016. 

The weighted average calculations in the tables below
are based on the fair value balances for all debt related calculations for the particular input: 

(1)  For any portfolio company, the unobservable input
 Liquidity  is a fraction, expressed as a percentage, the numerator of which is the sum of the company's undrawn revolving
credit facility capacity plus cash, and the denominator of which is the total amount that may be borrowed under the company's
revolving credit facility. The unobservable input  Spread Comparison  is a comparison of the spread over LIBOR for each
investment to the spread over LIBOR for general leveraged loan transactions. 

(2)  Each range represents the variance of outputs from
calculating each statistic for each portfolio company within a specific industry classification. The range may be a single data
point when there is only one company represented in a specific industry classification. 

(3)  Inputs are weighted based on the fair value of the
investments included in the range. 

The following table provides quantitative information
about the Level 3 fair value measurements of the Company s investments as of December 31, 2015: 

(1)  For any portfolio company, the unobservable input
 Liquidity  is a fraction, expressed as a percentage, the numerator of which is the sum of the company's undrawn revolving
credit facility capacity plus cash, and the denominator of which is the total amount that may be borrowed under the company's
revolving credit facility. The unobservable input  Spread Comparison  is a comparison of the spread over LIBOR for each
investment to the spread over LIBOR for general leveraged loan transactions. 

(2)  Each range represents the variance of outputs from
calculating each statistic for each portfolio company within a specific industry classification. The range may be a single data
point when there is only one company represented in a specific industry classification. 

(3)  Inputs are weighted based on the fair value of the
investments included in the range. 

Fair value measurements can be sensitive to changes in
one or more of the valuation inputs. Changes in market yields, discounts rates, leverage, earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation
and amortization ( EBITDA ) or EBITDA multiples (or revenue or revenue multiples), each in isolation, may change the
fair value of certain of the Company s investments. Generally, an increase or decrease in market yields, discount rates
or leverage or a decrease in EBITDA or EBITDA multiples (or revenue or revenue multiples) may result in a corresponding decrease
or increase, respectively, in the fair value of certain of the Company s investments. 

The following tables provide the changes in fair value,
broken out by security type, during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and for the period January 29, 2015 (date of inception)
through September 30, 2015 for all investments for which the Company s determine fair value using unobservable (Level 3)
factors. 

(a)  Included in net realized (gain on our accompanying
 Statements of Operations  for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

(b)  Included in net change in unrealized appreciation
on the accompanying  Statements of Operations  for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

(c)  Includes increases in the cost basis of investments
resulting from portfolio investments, the amortization of discounts, and PIK, as well as decreases in the costs basis of investments
resulting from principal repayments or sales, the amortization of premiums and acquisition costs and other cost-basis adjustments. 

(a)  Included in net unrealized appreciation on the accompanying
 Statements of Operations  for the period January 29, 2015 (date of inception) through September 30, 2015. 

(b)  Includes increases in the cost basis of investments
resulting from new portfolio investments, the amortization of discounts, and PIK, as well as decreases in the costs basis of investments
resulting from principal repayments or sales, the amortization of premiums and acquisition costs and other cost-basis adjustments. 

Transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy
are reported at the beginning of the reporting period in which they occur. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016,
transfers from Level 2 to Level 3 were primarily due to increased or decreased price transparency. Transfers from Level 3 to Level
2 were primarily due to recent transactions. 

Investment Activities  

The Company held a total of 76 and 41 syndicated
investments with an aggregate fair value of $129,932,275 and $61,378,152 as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
respectively. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company invested in 28 new syndicated investments for a
combined $73,742,764 and $4,738,963 in existing investments. The Company also received $9,986,123 in repayments from
investments and $986,294 from investments sold during the nine months. During the three months ended September 30, 2015 and
for the period January 29, 2015 (date of inception) through September 30, 2015, the Company invested in 28 new syndicated
investments for a combined $32,789,637. For the three months ended September 30, 2015 and for the period January 29, 2015
(date of inception) through September 30, 2015, the Company had $66,036 in debt repayments by existing portfolio companies
and no sales of securities of portfolio companies. 

Investment Concentrations  

As of September 30, 2016, the Company investment portfolio
consisted of investments in 73 companies located in 24 states across 22 different industries, with an aggregate fair value of
$129,932,275. The five largest investments at fair value as of September 30, 2016 totaled $16,424,025 or 12.64% of the Company s
total investment portfolio, as compared to December 31, 2015 which totaled $14,613,100, or 23.81% of the Company s total
investment portfolio. As of September 30, 2016, the Company average investment by obligor was $1,696,402 at cost, as compared
to December 31, 2015 which was $1,611,865 at cost. The following table outlines the Company s investments by security type
as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

Investments at fair value consisted of the following
industry classifications as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

Investments at fair value were included in the following
geographic regions of the United States as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

The geographic region indicates the location of the headquarters
of the Company s portfolio companies. A portfolio company may have a number of other business locations in other geographic
regions. 

Investment Principal Repayments  

The following table summarizes the contractual principal
repayments and maturity of the Company s investment portfolio by fiscal year, assuming no voluntary prepayments, as of September
30, 2016: 

(a)  Adjustment to cost basis related to unamortized balance
of OID investments. 

Note 4. Related Party Transactions  

Investment Advisory Agreement   

 The Company entered into an investment advisory agreement
(the  Investment Advisory Agreement ) with the Adviser. In accordance with the Investment Advisory Agreement, the
Company pays the Adviser certain fees as compensation for its services, such fees consisting of a base management fee and an incentive
fee (the  Incentive Fee ). The services the Adviser provides to the Company, subject to the overall supervision of
the Company s Board of Directors, includes managing the day-to-day operations of, and providing investment services to,
the Company. The Company also entered into a management fee waiver agreement with the Adviser (the  Waiver Agreement ). 

Management Fee   

 The base management fee is calculated at an annual rate
of 1.0% of the Company s average gross assets including cash and any temporary investments in cash-equivalents, which include,
U.S government securities and other high-quality investment grade debt investments that mature in 12 months or less from the date
of investment, payable quarterly in arrears on a calendar quarter basis. 

Pursuant to the Waiver Agreement, the Adviser has agreed
to waive the right to receive the base management fee to the extent necessary so that the base management fee payable under the
Investment Advisory Agreement equals, and is calculated in the same manner as if, the base management fee otherwise payable by
the Company were calculated at an annual rate equal to 0.65% (instead of an annual rate of 1.00%). 

For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016,
the Company recorded management fees of $327,577 and $856,763, respectively, and waivers to the management fees of $114,652 and
$299,867 respectively, as set forth within the accompanying statements of operations. For the three months ended September 30,
2015 and for the period January 29, 2015 (date of inception) through September 30, 2015, the Company recorded management fees
of $84,695, and waivers to the management fees of $29,643, as set forth within the accompanying statements of operations. 

Incentive Fee   

 The Incentive Fee has two parts, as follows: one is calculated
and payable quarterly in arrears based on the Company s pre-incentive fee net investment income for the immediately preceding
calendar quarter. For this purpose, pre-incentive fee net investment income means interest income, dividend income and any other
income (including any other fees (other than fees for providing managerial assistance), such as commitment, origination, structuring,
diligence and consulting fees or other fees that the Company receive from portfolio companies) accrued during the calendar quarter,
minus the Company s operating expenses accrued for the quarter (including the base management fee, expenses payable under
the Administration Agreement and any interest expense on any credit facilities or outstanding debt and dividends paid on any issued
and outstanding preferred stock, but excluding the Incentive Fee). 

The Company determines pre-incentive fee net investment
income in accordance with GAAP, including, in the case of investments with a deferred interest feature, such as OID, debt instruments
with PIK interest and OID securities, accrued income that the Company has not yet received in cash. Pre-incentive fee net investment
income does not include any realized capital gains, computed net of all realized capital losses or unrealized capital appreciation
or depreciation. Pre-incentive fee net investment income, expressed as a rate of return on the value of the Company s net
assets at the end of the immediately preceding calendar quarter, is compared to a hurdle of 1.0% per quarter (4.0% annualized).
The Company determines its average gross assets during each fiscal quarter and calculates the base management fee payable with
respect to such amount at the end of each fiscal quarter.  As a result, a portion of the Company s net investment income
is included in its gross assets for the period between the date on which such income is earned and the date on which such income
is distributed. Therefore, the Company s net investment income used to calculate part of the Incentive Fee is also included
in the amount of the Company s gross assets used to calculate the 1% annual base management fee. The Company pays its Adviser
an Incentive Fee with respect to its pre-incentive fee net investment income in each calendar quarter as follows: 

no amount is paid on the income-portion of the Incentive
    Fee in any calendar quarter in which the Company s pre-incentive fee net investment income does not exceed the hurdle
    of 1.0% (4.0% annualized);   

100% of the Company s pre-incentive fee net investment
    income with respect to that portion of such pre-incentive fee net investment income, if any, that exceeds the hurdle rate
    but is less than 1.1765 % in any calendar quarter (4.706% annualized). The Company refers to this portion of its pre-incentive
    fee net investment income (which exceeds the hurdle rate but is less than 1.1765%) as the  catch-up  provision.
    The catch-up is meant to provide the Company s Adviser with 15.0% of the pre-incentive fee net investment income as
    if a hurdle rate did not apply if net investment income exceeds 1.1765% in any calendar quarter (4.706% annualized); and   

15.0% of the amount of the Company s pre-incentive
    fee net investment income, if any, that exceeds 1.1765% in any calendar quarter (4.706% annualized) is payable to the Company s
    Adviser.   

Pursuant to the Waiver Agreement, the Adviser has
agreed to waive its right to receive the Incentive Fee on pre-incentive fee net investment income to the extent necessary so that
such Incentive Fee equals, and is calculated in the same manner as, the corresponding Incentive Fee on pre-incentive fee net investment
income, if such Incentive Fee (i) were calculated based upon the Adviser receiving 10% (instead of 15%) of the applicable pre-incentive
fee net investment income and (ii) did not include any  catch-up  feature in favor of the Adviser. 

The second part of the Incentive Fee is determined
and payable in arrears as of the end of each calendar year (or upon termination of the Investment Advisory Agreement, as of the
termination date), and equals 15% of the Company s realized capital gains, if any, on a cumulative basis from June 16, 2015,
the effectiveness of the Registration Statement, through the end of each calendar year, computed net of all realized capital losses
and unrealized capital depreciation on a cumulative basis, less the aggregate amount of any previously paid capital gain Incentive
Fees with respect to each of the investments in the Company s portfolio. However, the Incentive Fee determined as of December 31,
2015 was calculated for a period of shorter than 12 calendar months (commencing on the date of effectiveness of the Registration
Statement through December 31, 2015) to take into account any realized capital gains computed net of all realized capital losses
and unrealized capital depreciation from the date of effectiveness of the Registration Statement. 

Pursuant to the Waiver Agreement, the Adviser has
agreed to waive the right to receive the Incentive Fee on capital gains to the extent necessary so that such portion of the Incentive
Fee equals, and is calculated in the same manner as, the corresponding Incentive Fee on capital gains, if such portion of the
Incentive Fee were calculated based upon the Adviser receiving 10% (instead of 15%). 

In addition, pursuant to the Waiver Agreement, the
Adviser has agreed to waive the right to receive both components of the Incentive Fee to the extent necessary so that it does
not receive Incentive Fees which are attributable to income and gains of the Company that exceed an annualized rate of 12% in
any calendar quarter. 

The waivers from the Adviser will remain effective
until terminated earlier by either party on 60 days prior written notice. 

For the three and nine months ended September 30,
2016, the Company recorded incentive fees of $231,638 and waivers to the incentive fees of $200,218, as set forth within the accompanying
statements of operations. The Company did not accrue or waive any incentive fee for the period January 29, 2015 (date of inception)
through September 30, 2015 within the accompanying statements of operations. 

Administrative Fee   

 The Company has also entered into an administration agreement
(the  Administration Agreement ) with Audax Management Company, LLC (the  Administrator ) under which
the Administrator provides administrative services to the Company. Under the Administration Agreement, the Administrator performs,
or oversees the performance of administrative services necessary for the operation of the Company, which include being responsible
for the financial records which the Company is required to maintain and preparing reports filed with the SEC. In addition, the
Administrator assists in determining and publishing the Company s net asset value, oversees the preparation and filing of
the Company s tax returns and the printing and dissemination of reports to the Company s stockholders, and generally
oversees the payment of the Company s expenses and the performance of administrative and professional services rendered
to the Company by others. The Company reimburses the Administrator for its allocable portion of the costs and expenses incurred
by the Administrator for overhead in performance by the Administrator of its duties under the Administration Agreement, including
the cost of facilities, office equipment and the Company s allocable portion of cost of compensation and related expenses
of its Chief Financial Officer and Chief Compliance Officer and their respective staffs, as well as any costs and expenses incurred
by the Administrator relating to any administrative or operating services provided by the Administrator to the Company. Such costs
are reflected as an administrative fee in the accompanying   statements of operations. 

On November 10, 2016, the Company executed a waiver
agreement, which entitled the Administrator to waive, in whole or in part, its entitlement to receive reimbursements from the
Company. The amendment was retroactively effective as of July 1, 2016. 

For the three and nine months ended September 30,
2016, the Company recorded administrative fees of $66,250 and $198,750, respectively, and waivers to the administrative fees of
$44,375 for both periods, as set forth within the accompanying statements of operations. The Company accrued administrative fees
of $68,125 and $75,323 for the three months ended September 30, 2015 and for the period January 29, 2015 (date of inception) through
September 30, 2015, respectively. 

Related Party Fees   

 Fees due to related parties as of September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015 on the Company s accompanying statements of assets and liabilities were as follows: 

(a) Expenses paid on behalf of the Company by the Adviser 

Note 5. Net Increase in Net Assets Resulting from Operations
Per Share of Common Stock:  

The following table sets forth the computation of
basic and diluted net increase in net assets resulting from operations per weighted average share of Company s common stock
for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and three months ended September 30, 2015 and for the period January 29,
2015 (date of inception) to September 30, 2015: 

Note 6. Income Tax  

The Company has elected to be regulated as a BDC
under the 1940 Act, as well as elected to be treated as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code. As a RIC, the Company generally
is not subject to corporate-level U.S. federal income taxes on any ordinary income or capital gains that it timely distributes
to its stockholders as dividends. To qualify to be treated as a RIC, the Company is required to meet certain source of income
and asset diversification requirements, and to timely distribute dividends out of assets legally available for distributions to
its stockholders of an amount generally equal to at least 90% of the sum of its net ordinary income and net short-term capital
gains in excess of net long-term capital losses, if any (i.e.,  investment company taxable income ), for each taxable
year. The amount to be paid out as distributions to the Company s stockholders is determined by the Company s Board
of Directors and is based on management s estimate of the fiscal year earnings. Based on that estimate, the Company intends
to make the requisite distributions to its stockholders, which will generally relieve the Company from corporate-level U.S. federal
income taxes. Although the Company currently intends to distribute its net capital gains (i.e., net long-term capital gains in
excess of net short-term capital losses), if any, recognized in respect of each taxable year as dividends out of the Company s
assets legally available for distribution, the Company in the future may decide to retain for investment and be subject to entity-level
income tax on such net capital gains. Additionally, depending on the level of taxable income earned in a taxable year, the Company
may choose to carry forward taxable income in excess of current year distributions into the next taxable year and incur a 4% excise
tax on such income, as required. To the extent that the Company determines that its estimated current year annual taxable income
will be in excess of estimated current year distributions, the Company accrues excise tax, if any, on estimated excess taxable
income as such excess taxable income is earned. 

The Company had aggregate distributions declared and paid to
its shareholders for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 of $152,734, or $0.012 per share. We estimate that the
full amount of the distributions declared and paid during such period will be characterized, for U.S. federal income tax purposes,
as ordinary income. The Company had aggregate distributions declared and paid to its shareholders for the period January 29, 2015
(date of inception) through December 31, 2015 of $259,976, or $0.04 per share. $126,128 of the distributions declared and paid
during such period was characterized, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, as ordinary income, and $133,848 of such distributions
was characterized as a return of capital. The distributions were reinvested in shares through the Company s dividend reinvestment
plan. 

The determination of the tax attributes of the Company s
distributions is made annually at the end of the Company s taxable year, based upon the Company s taxable income for
the full taxable year and distributions paid for the full taxable year. Therefore, a determination made on an interim basis may
not be representative of the actual tax attributes of distributions for a full year. The actual tax characteristics of distributions
to stockholders will reported to the Company s stockholders subject to information reporting after the close of each calendar
year on Form 1099-DIV. 

At December 31, 2015, the components of accumulated
losses on a tax basis below differ from the amounts reflected per the Company s statements of assets and liabilities by
temporary book/tax differences primarily arising from the amortization of organizational expenditures. 

The Company has evaluated tax positions it has taken, expects
to take, or that are otherwise relevant to the Company for purposes of determining whether any relevant tax positions would  more-likely-than-not 
be sustained by the applicable tax authority in accordance with ASC Topic 740,   Income Taxes ,  as modified
by ASC Topic 946. The Company has analyzed such tax positions and has concluded that no unrecognized tax benefits should be recorded
for uncertain tax positions for taxable years that may be open. The Company is not aware of any tax positions for which it is
reasonably possible that the total amounts of unrecognized tax benefits will change materially in the next twelve months. The
Company records tax positions that are not deemed to meet a more-likely-than-not threshold as well as any applicable penalties
or interest associated with such positions as tax expenses. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and for the period
January 29, 2015 (date of inception) to September 30, 2015, no tax expenses and any related interest and were incurred. 

Note 7. Equity  

An investor made a $140,000,000 capital commitment to the Company
during the period from January 29, 2015 (date of inception) through December 31, 2015. As of September 30, 2016, all of the Company s
capital commitments have been funded. 

The number of shares issued and outstanding as of September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, were 14,680,630 and 10,750,799, respectively. 

Note 8. Commitments and Contingencies  

The Company may enter into certain credit agreements
that include loan commitments where all or a portion of such commitment may be unfunded. The Company is generally obligated to
fund the unfunded loan commitments at the borrowers  discretion. Funded portions of credit agreements are presented on the
accompanying schedule of investments. Unfunded loan commitments and funded portions of credit agreements are fair valued and unrealized
appreciation or depreciation, if any, have been included in the accompanying statements of assets and liabilities and statements
of operations. 

The following table summarizes our significant contractual
payment obligations as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 in unfunded principal: 

Note 9. Financial Highlights  

(a) Based on weighted average basic per share of Common
Stock data.  

 (b) The per share amount varies from the net realized
and unrealized gain/loss for the period because of the timing of sales of fund shares and the per share amount of realized
and unrealized gains and losses at such time.  

 (c) Total return is based on the change in net asset value
during the respective periods. Total return also takes into account dividends and distributions, if any, reinvested in accordance with
the Company's dividend reinvestment plan.  

 (d) Average net assets are computed using the average balance
of net assets at the end of each month of the reporting period. 

 (e) Ratio of gross expenses to average net assets is computed
using expenses before waivers from the Adviser and Administrator.  

 (f) Ratio of net expenses to average net assets is computed
using total expenses net of waivers from the Adviser.  

 (g) Not annualized.  

Note 10. Indemnification  

In the normal course of business, the Company may
enter into certain contracts that provide a variety of indemnities. The Company s maximum exposure under these indemnities
is unknown. The Company does not consider it necessary to record a liability in this regard. 

Note 11. Subsequent Events  

The Company has considered the effects, if any, of
events occurring after the date of the Company s Statement of Assets and Liabilities through November 14, 2016, the date
the quarterly report on Form 10-Q was issued. The Company has concluded there are no material items that warrant disclosure. 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  

In this quarterly report on Form 10-Q, except where the
context suggests otherwise, the terms  we,  us,  our  and the  Company  refer to Audax Credit
BDC Inc. The information contained in this section should be read in the conjunction with the financial statements and
notes to the financial statements appearing elsewhere in this report.  

This report and other statements contain forward-looking statements
that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. Such statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors
and undue reliance should not be placed thereon. These forward-looking statements are not historical facts, but rather are based
on current expectations, estimates and projections about our company, our current and prospective portfolio investments, our industry,
our beliefs and our assumptions. Words such as  anticipates,   expects,   intends,   plans, 
 will,   may,   continue,   believes,   seeks,   estimates, 
 would,   could,   should,   targets,   projects,  and variations
of these words and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees
of future performance and are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, some of which are beyond our control and difficult
to predict and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or forecasted in the forward-looking statements,
including: 

our future operating results; 

our business prospects and the prospects of our portfolio
companies; 

the ability of our portfolio companies to achieve their
objectives; 

the timing of cash flows, if any, from the operations of
our portfolio companies; 

the ability of our Adviser to locate suitable investments
for us and to monitor and administer our investments; 

changes in the general economy; 

risk associated with possible disruptions in our operations
or the economy generally; 

the effect of investments that we expect to make; 

our contractual arrangements and relationships with third
parties; 

actual and potential conflicts of interest with Adviser
and its affiliates; 

the dependence of our future success on the general economy
and its effect on the industries in which we invest; 

the adequacy of our financing sources and working capital; 

the ability of our Adviser and its affiliates to attract
and retain highly talented professionals; 

our ability to qualify and maintain our qualification as
a BDC and as a RIC; and 

the risks, uncertainties and other factors we identify
under   Item 1A. Risk Factors   and elsewhere in our Annual Report (file no. 814-01154) (the  Annual Report ). 

Although we believe that the assumptions on which these forward-looking
statements are based are reasonable, any of those assumptions could prove to be inaccurate, and as a result, the forward-looking
statements based on those assumptions also could be inaccurate. In light of these and other uncertainties, the inclusion of a
projection or forward-looking statement in this report should not be regarded as a representation by us that our plans and objectives
will be achieved. These risks and uncertainties include those described or identified in the section of our registration statement
on Form 10 (the  Registration Statement ) and our Annual Report entitled  Item 1A. Risk Factors . You
should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which apply only as of the date of this quarterly report.
Moreover, we assume no duty and do not undertake to update the forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements and
projections contained in this report are excluded from the safe harbor protection provided by Section 21E of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ). 

OVERVIEW  

Audax Credit BDC Inc. is a Delaware
corporation that was formed on January 29, 2015. We are an externally managed, closed-end, non-diversified management
investment company that has elected to be treated as a BDC under the 1940 Act. In addition, we have elected to be treated for
federal income tax purposes as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code. 

Our investment objective is to generate
current income and, to a lesser extent, long-term capital appreciation. We intend to meet our investment objective by investing
primarily in senior secured debt of privately owned U.S. middle-market companies. We intend to invest at least 80% of our net
assets plus the amount of any borrowings in  credit instruments,  which we define as any fixed income instruments. 

Although we have no present intention of
doing so, we may decide to incur leverage. If we do incur leverage, we anticipate that it will be used in limited circumstances
and on a short-term basis for purposes such as funding distributions. As a BDC, we are limited in our use of leverage under the
1940 Act. Specifically, as a BDC we are only allowed to borrow amounts such that our asset coverage, as defined in the 1940 Act,
is at least 200% after such borrowing.  In determining whether to use leverage, we will analyze the maturity, covenants and
interest rate structure of the proposed borrowings, as well as the risks of such borrowings within the context of our investment
outlook and the impact of leverage on our investment portfolio. The amount of any leverage that we employ as a BDC, if any, will
be subject to oversight by our Board of Directors. 

We generate revenue in the form of interest
on the debt securities that we hold in our portfolio companies. The senior debt we invest in generally has stated terms of three
to ten years. Our senior debt investments generally bear interest at a floating rate. Interest on debt securities is generally
payable quarterly or semiannually. In some cases, some of our investments may provide for deferred interest payments or PIK interest.
The principal amount of the debt securities and any accrued but unpaid interest generally will become due at the maturity date.
In addition, we may generate revenue in the form of commitment and other fees in connection with transactions, although we do
not expect to do so. OID as well as market discount and premium are accreted and amortized in determining our interest income.
We record any prepayment premiums on loans and debt securities as income. 

PORTFOLIO COMPOSITION AND INVESTMENT ACTIVITY  

Portfolio Composition   

The fair value of our investments, all
of which are syndicated loans, was $129,932,275 in 73 portfolio companies as of September 30, 2016. The fair value of our investments,
all of which are syndicated loans, was $61,378,152 in 38 portfolio companies as of December 31, 2015. 

During the nine months ended September
30, 2016, the Company invested in 28 new syndicated investments for a combined $73,742,764 and $4,738,963 in existing investments.
The Company also received $9,986,123 in repayments from investments and $986,294 from investments sold during the nine months.
During the period January 29, 2015 (date of inception) through September 30, 2015, the Company invested in 28 new syndicated investments
for a combined $32,789,637. For the three months ended September 30, 2015 and for the period January 29, 2015 (date of inception)
through September 30, 2015, we had $66,036 in debt repayments by existing portfolio companies and no sales of securities of portfolio
companies. In addition, during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, we had a change in unrealized appreciation
of approximately $375,577 and $878,400, respectively, and realized gains of $39,318 and $35,642, respectively. During the three
months ended September 30, 2015 and for the period January 29, 2015 (date of inception) through September 30, 2015, we had a change
in unrealized appreciation of approximately $119,991. 

Our investment activity for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and for the period January 29, 2015 (date of inception) through September 30, 2015, is presented below: 

As of September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, our entire portfolio consisted of non-controlled/non-affiliated investments. 

RECENT DEVELOPMENTS  

Subsequent to September 30, 2016 and through
November 14, 2016, we invested $11,094,302 at cost in 5 new portfolio companies. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  

Revenue   

The net increase or decrease in net assets
from operations may vary substantially from period to period as a result of various factors, including the recognition of realized
gains and/or losses and net change in unrealized appreciation and depreciation. 

Net investment income for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016 and for the three months ended September 30, 2015 and for the period January 29, 2015 (date of inception) through September
30, 2015 , is presented in the table below. 

Total investment income for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016, was driven by our interest income from our increasing investment balance. As of September 30, 2016, the size
of our portfolio was $128,926,584 at amortized cost, with total principal amount outstanding of $130,449,894. Total investment
income for the three months ended September 30, 2015 and for the period January 29, 2015 (date of inception) through September
30, 2015, was driven by our interest income from our increasing investment balance. As of September 30, 2015, the size of our
portfolio was $32,669,646 at amortized cost, with total principal amount outstanding of $32,923,168. 

Expenses   

Total expenses net of waivers for the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and for the three months ended September 30, 2015 and for the period January 29, 2015
(date of inception) through September 30, 2015, were as follows: 

(a)
Refer to Note 4-   Related Party Transactions   within
the financial statements for a description of the relevant fees  .  

Base management fees before waivers for
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 were driven by our increasing invested balance. For the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016, we accrued gross base management fees before waivers of $327,577 and $856,763, respectively. Offsetting
those fees during such periods were base management fee waivers of $114,652 and $299,867, respectively. For the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2016, we accrued incentive fees related to net investment income before waivers of $231,638. Offsetting
those fees during such periods were incentive fee waivers of $200,218. Additionally, we accrued $66,250 and $198,750 of administrative
fees for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively. Offsetting those fees during such periods were base
administrative fee waivers of $44,375 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016. Base management fees before waivers
for the three months ended September 30, 2015 and for the period from January 29, 2015 (date of inception) through September 30,
2015 were driven by our increasing invested balance. For the three months ended September 30, 2015 and for the period from January
29, 2015 (date of inception) through September 30, 2015, we accrued gross base management fees before waivers of $84,695, respectively.
Offsetting those fees during such periods, we received base management fee waivers of $29,643. We accrued $68,125 and $75,323
for the three months ended September 30, 2015 and for the period January 29, 2015 (date of inception) through September 30, 2015
of administrative fees. Refer to Note 4    Related Party Transactions  in the notes accompanying our financial statements
for more information related to base management fees, incentive fees and waivers. 

Since our formation on January 29, 2015,
we have incurred expenses related to our formation and registration and offerings of our common stock. We incurred organizational
costs of $4,060 and $304,724 for the three months ended September 30, 2015 and for the period from January 29, 2015 (date of inception)
to September 30, 2015, respectively. 

During the three months ended September
30, 2016, we incurred professional fees of $125,825 related to audit fees, tax fees, and legal fees. For the nine months ended
September 30, 2016, we incurred professional fees of $523,107 related to audit fees, tax fees, and legal fees. During the three
months ended September 30, 2015 and for the period from January 29, 2015 (date of inception) to September 30, 2015, we incurred
professional fees of $238,340, and $371,007, respectively related to audit fees, tax fees, and legal fees. 

We also incurred expenses related to fees
paid to our independent directors of $45,000 and $135,000 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively.
We incurred expenses related to fees paid to our independent directors of $45,000 and $135,000 for the three months ended September
30, 2015 and for the period January 29, 2015 (date of inception) through September 30, 2015, respectively. 

During the three months ended September
30, 2016, we received a rebate from Delaware related to the 2015 Delaware state corporate franchise tax of $145,828, which was
included within other expenses within the Statement of Operations. 

Unrealized Appreciation on Investments   

Net change in unrealized appreciation on investments for the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and for the three months ended September 30, 2015 and for the period January 29,
2015 (date of inception) through September 30, 2015, is presented in the table below. 

Net change in unrealized appreciation on
investments was primarily due to an increase in performance of our portfolio companies and changes in the capital market conditions. 

FINANCIAL CONDITION, LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES  

We generate cash primarily from the net
proceeds of any offering of the shares of our common stock, par value $0.001 per share, (each, a  Share ), from cash
flows from interest and fees earned from our investments, and from principal repayments and proceeds from sales of our investments.
Our primary use of cash is investments in portfolio companies, payments of our expenses and cash distributions to our stockholders.
As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, we had cash of $29,915,053 and $43,155,376, respectively. 

Operating Activities   

Net cash used in the operating activities
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $60,087,589. The primary operating activity during this period was investment
in portfolio companies. This was partially offset by repayments of bank loans and proceeds from investments sold. Net cash used
in operating activities for the period from January 29, 2015 (date of inception) through September 30, 2015 was $21,747,142. The
primary operating activity during this period was investment in portfolio companies. This was partially offset by an increase
in payable for investments purchased. 

As of September 30, 2016, we had 8 investments
with unfunded commitments of $3,613,277. We believe that, as of September 30, 2016, we had sufficient assets to adequately cover
any obligations under our unfunded commitments. 

The following table summarizes our total portfolio activity
during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and for the period from January 29, 2015 (date of inception) through September
30, 2015: 

Financing Activities   

Net cash provided by our financing activities
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $37,847,266 from issuances of 3,929,831 of Shares to our shareholders, in connection
with our capital calls during the period. These capital calls were partially offset by a distribution of $152,734, or $0.012 per
share. Net cash provided by our financing activities for the period from January 29, 2015 (date of inception) through September
30, 2015 was $62,001,000 from issuances of 6,499,394 of shares of common stock to our shareholders, in connection with our capital
calls during the period and the initial purchase of shares by Audax Group, L.P. 

Equity Activity   

An investor made a $140,000,000 capital
commitment to the Company during the period from January 29, 2015 (date of inception) through December 31, 2015. As of September
30, 2016, all of the Company s capital commitments had been funded. 

The number of shares issued and outstanding
as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 were 14,680,630 and 10,750,799, respectively. 

Distributions to Stockholders   Common Stock Distributions   

We have elected to be treated as a RIC
for U.S. federal income tax purposes. As a RIC, we generally are not subject to corporate-level U.S. federal income tax on ordinary
income or capital gains that we timely distribute to our stockholders. To qualify to be taxed as a RIC and thus avoid corporate-level
federal income tax on the income that we distribute, we are required to distribute to our stockholders each taxable year generally
of an amount at least equal to 90% of our investment company taxable income, determined without regard to the deduction for any
dividends paid. To avoid a 4% excise tax on undistributed earnings, we are required to distribute to our stockholders in respect
of each calendar year of an amount at least equal to the sum of (i) 98% of our ordinary income (taking into account certain deferrals
and elections) for such calendar year, (ii) 98.2% of our capital gain net income, adjusted for certain ordinary losses, for the
one-year period ending October 31 of that calendar year and (iii) any income or capital gains recognized, but not distributed,
in preceding calendar years and on which we paid no federal income tax. We intend to make distributions to stockholders on an
annual basis of substantially all of our net investment income. Although we intend to make distributions of net capital gains,
if any, at least annually, out of assets legally available for such distributions, we may in the future decide to retain such
capital gains for investment. In addition, the extent and timing of special dividends, if any, will be determined by our Board
of Directors and will largely be driven by portfolio specific events and tax considerations. 

We may fund our cash distributions from
any sources of funds available, including offering proceeds, borrowings, net investment income from operations, proceeds from
the sale or disposition of assets, dividends or other distributions paid to us on account of preferred and common equity investments
in portfolio companies and fee waivers from our Adviser. Our distributions may exceed our earnings, especially during periods
before we have substantially invested the proceeds from an offering. As a result, a portion of the distributions we may represent
a return of capital for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Thus the source of a distribution to our stockholders may be the original
capital invested by the stockholder rather than our income or gains. In addition, we may be limited in our ability to make distributions
due to the asset coverage test for borrowings applicable to us as a BDC under the 1940 Act. We declared and paid to our shareholders
aggregate distributions for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 of $152,734, or $0.012 per share. This distribution
was declared and recorded on September 20, 2016 and payable on September 23, 2016. We estimate that the full amount of the distributions
declared and paid during such period will be characterized, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, as ordinary income. During the
period January 29, 2015 (date of inception) through December 31, 2015, we made one distribution of $259,976, or $0.04 per Share.
This distribution was declared, recorded, and payable on December 18, 2015. $126,128 of the distributions declared and paid during
such period was characterized, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, as ordinary income and $133,848 of such distributions was
characterized as a return of capital. 

The determination of the tax attributes
of our distributions is made annually at the end of our taxable year, based upon our taxable income for the full taxable year
and distributions paid for the full taxable year. Therefore, a determination made on an interim basis may not be representative
of the actual tax attributes of distributions for a full year. The actual tax characteristics of distributions to stockholders
will reported to stockholders subject to information reporting after the close of each calendar year on Form 1099-DIV. 

Related Party Fees   

For the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016, the Company recorded management fees of $327,577 and $856,763, respectively, and waivers to the management fees of $114,652
and $299,867, respectively, as set forth within the accompanying statements of operations. For the three months ended September
30, 2015 and for the period January 29, 2015 (date of inception) through September 30, 2015, the Company recorded management fees
and waivers to the management fees of $84,695 and $29,643. 

For the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016, the Company recorded incentive fees of $231,638 and waivers to the incentive fees of $200,218, as set forth within the
accompanying statements of operations. The Company did not accrue or waive any incentive fee for the period January 29, 2015 (date
of inception) through September 30, 2015 within the accompanying statements of operations. 

For the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016, the Company recorded administrative fees of $66,250 and $198,750, respectively, and waivers to the administrative fees
of $44,375, as set forth within the accompanying statements of operations. The Company accrued administrative fees of $68,125
and $75,323 for the three months ended September 30, 2015 and for the period January 29, 2015 (date of inception) through September
30, 2015, respectively. 

Fees due to related parties as of September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 on our accompanying statements of assets and liabilities were as follows: 

(a) Expenses paid on behalf of the Company by the Adviser  

Tender Offers   

We do not currently intend to list the
Shares on any securities exchange, and we do not expect a public market for them to develop in the foreseeable future. Therefore,
stockholders should not expect to be able to sell their Shares promptly or at a desired price. To provide our stockholders with
limited liquidity, we may, in the absolute discretion of our Board of Directors, conduct an annual tender offer. Our tenders for
the Shares, if any, would be conducted on such terms as may be determined by our Board of Directors and in accordance with the
requirements of applicable law, including Section 23(c) of the 1940 Act and Regulation M under the Exchange Act. We have not commenced
any tender offers, and we do not currently intend to conduct any tender offers. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES  

This discussion of our operations is based
upon our financial statements, which are prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires
our management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. 

Changes in the economic environment, financial
markets and any other parameters used in determining such estimates could cause actual results to differ. In addition to the discussion
below, we describe our critical accounting policies in the notes to our financial statements. 

Valuation of Investments   

We conduct the valuation of our investments,
pursuant to which our net asset value is determined, at all times consistent with GAAP and the 1940 Act. Our Board of Directors,
with the assistance of our Audit Committee, determines the fair value of our investments, for investments with a public market,
daily, and for investments with no readily available public market, on at least a quarterly basis, in accordance with the terms
of ASC 820. Our valuation procedures are set forth in more detail below. 

ASC 820 defines fair value as  the
price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants
at the measurement date.  Fair value is a market-based measurement, not an entity-specific measurement. For some assets
and liabilities, observable market transactions or market information might be available. For other assets and liabilities, observable
market transactions and market information might not be available. However, the objective of a fair value measurement in both
cases is the same   to estimate the price when an orderly transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability would
take place between market participants at the measurement date under current market conditions (that is, an exit price at the
measurement date from the perspective of a market participant that holds the asset or owes the liability). 

ASC 820 establishes a hierarchal disclosure
framework which ranks the observability of inputs used in measuring financial instruments at fair value. The observability of
inputs is impacted by a number of factors, including the type of financial instruments and their specific characteristics. Financial
instruments with readily available quoted prices, or for which fair value can be measured from quoted prices in active markets,
generally will have a higher degree of market price observability and a lesser degree of judgment applied in determining fair
value. 

The three-level hierarchy for fair value measurement is defined
as follows: 

Level 1    Inputs to the valuation methodology
are quoted prices available in active markets for identical financial instruments as of the measurement date. The types of financial
instruments in this category include unrestricted securities, including equities and derivatives, listed in active markets. We
do not adjust the quoted price for these instruments, even in situations where we hold a large position, and a sale could reasonably
be expected to impact the quoted price. 

Level 2    Inputs to the valuation methodology
are quoted prices in markets that are not active or for which all significant inputs are either directly or indirectly observable
as of the measurement date. The types of financial instruments in this category include less liquid and restricted securities
listed in active markets, securities traded in markets that are not active, government and agency securities, and certain over-the-counter
derivatives where the fair value is based on observable inputs. 

Level 3    Inputs to the valuation methodology
are unobservable and significant to the overall fair value measurement, and include situations where there is little, if any,
market activity for the investment. The inputs into the determination of fair value require significant management judgment or
estimation. The types of financial instruments in this category include investments in privately held entities, non-investment
grade residual interests in securitizations, collateralized loan obligations, and certain over-the-counter derivatives where the
fair value is based on unobservable inputs. 

In certain cases, the inputs used to measure
fair value may fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In such cases, the determination of which category within
the fair value hierarchy is appropriate for any given financial instrument is based on the lowest level of input that is significant
to the fair value measurement. Assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety
requires judgment and considers factors specific to the financial instrument. 

Pursuant to the framework set forth above,
we value securities traded in active markets on the measurement date by multiplying the exchange closing price of such traded
securities/instruments by the quantity of shares or amount of the instrument held. We also obtain quotes with respect to certain
of our investments from pricing services, brokers or dealers  quotes, or counterparty marks in order to value liquid assets
that are not traded in active markets. 

Pricing services aggregate, evaluate and
report pricing from a variety of sources including observed trades of identical or similar securities, broker or dealer quotes,
model-based valuations and internal fundamental analysis and research. When doing so, we determine whether the quote obtained
is sufficient according to GAAP to determine the fair value of the security. If determined adequate, we use the quote obtained. 

Securities that are illiquid or for which
the pricing source does not provide a valuation or methodology or provides a valuation or methodology that, in the judgment of
our Board of Directors, does not represent fair value, are each valued as of the measurement date using all techniques appropriate
under the circumstances and for which sufficient data are available. These valuation techniques vary by investment but include
comparable public market valuations, comparable precedent transaction valuations and discounted cash flow analyses. The process
used to determine the applicable value is as follows: (i) each portfolio company or investment is initially valued by the investment
professionals of the Adviser responsible for the portfolio investment using a standardized template designed to approximate fair
market value based on observable market inputs and updated credit statistics and unobservable inputs; (ii) preliminary valuation
conclusions are documented and discussed with our senior management and members of our Adviser s valuation team; (iii) our
Audit Committee reviews the assessments of the Adviser and provides our Board of Directors with recommendations with respect to
the fair value of the investments in our portfolio; and (iv) our Board of Directors discusses the valuation recommendations of
our Audit Committee and determines the fair value of the investments in our portfolio in good faith based on the input of the
Adviser and in accordance with our valuation policy. 

Our Audit Committee s recommendation
of fair value is generally based on its assessment of the following factors, as relevant: 

the nature and realizable value of any collateral; 

call features, put features and other relevant terms of
debt; 

the portfolio company s ability to make payments; 

the portfolio company s actual and expected earnings
and discounted cash flow; 

prevailing interest rates for like securities and expected
volatility in future interest rates; 

the markets in which the issuer does business and recent
economic and/or market events; and 

comparisons to publicly traded securities. 

Investment performance data utilized are
the most recently available as of the measurement date, which in many cases may reflect up to a one quarter lag in information. 

Securities for which market quotations
are not readily available or for which a pricing source is not sufficient may include the following: 

private placements and restricted securities that do not
have an active trading market; 

securities whose trading has been suspended or for which
market quotes are no longer available; 

debt securities that have recently gone into default and
for which there is no current market; 

securities whose prices are stale; and 

securities affected by significant events. 

Our Board of Directors is ultimately responsible
for the determination, in good faith, of the fair value of our portfolio investments. 

Determination of fair value involves subjective
judgments and estimates. Accordingly, the notes to our financial statements express the uncertainty with respect to the possible
effect of such valuations, and any change in such valuations, on our financial statements. 

Security transactions are recorded on trade
date (date the order to buy or sell is executed or, in the case of privately issued securities, the closing date, which is when
all terms of the transactions have been defined). Realized gains and losses on investments are determined based on the identified
cost method. 

Refer to Note 3    Investments  in the notes to
our accompanying financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report for additional information regarding fair value
measurements and our application of ASC 820. 

Revenue Recognition   

We record interest income on an accrual
basis to the extent that we expect to collect such amounts. For loans and debt securities with contractual PIK interest, which
represents contractual interest accrued and added to the principal balance, we generally will not accrue PIK interest for accounting
purposes if the portfolio company valuation indicates that such PIK interest is not collectible. We do not accrue as a receivable
interest on loans and debt securities for accounting purposes if we have reason to doubt our ability to collect such interest.
OID, market discount and premium are respectively accreted and amortized using the effective interest method in determining our
interest income. We record prepayment premiums on loans and debt securities as interest income. 

Net Realized Gains or Losses and Net Change in Unrealized
Appreciation or Depreciation   

We measure net realized gains or losses
by the difference between the net proceeds from the repayment or sale and the amortized cost basis of the investment, without
regard to unrealized appreciation or depreciation previously recognized, but considering unamortized upfront fees and prepayment
penalties. Net change in unrealized appreciation or depreciation reflects the change in portfolio investment values during the
reporting period, including any reversal of previously recorded unrealized appreciation or depreciation, when gains or losses
are realized. 

PIK Interest   

We may have investments in our portfolio
that contain a PIK interest provision. Any PIK interest will be added to the principal balance of such investments and is recorded
as income if the portfolio company valuation indicates that such PIK interest is collectible. In order to maintain our ability
to be subject to tax as a RIC, substantially all of this income must be included in the amounts paid out by us to stockholders
in the form of dividends, even if we have not collected any cash. 

Organization and Offering Expenses   

The Company did not incur any organizational
costs for the three or nine months ended September 30, 2016. We incurred organizational costs of $4,060 and $304,724 for the three
months ended September 30, 2015 and for the period January 29, 2015 (date of inception) through September 30, 2015, respectively.
Organization costs included the cost of incorporating, including the cost of legal services and other fees pertaining to the Company s
organization. These costs were expensed on the Company s statement of operations as incurred. The Company also incurred
offering costs of $145,358 in prior periods. The Company s offering costs included legal fees and other costs pertaining
to the preparation of the Company  Registration Statement and sale of the Company s shares of common stock. The Company
capitalized these expenses and amortized them on a straight-line basis over a twelve-month period. The amortization is included
within professional fees and other expenses within the statement of operations   and amounted to $0 and $72,679 for the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively. The amortization is included within professional fees and other expenses
within the Statement of Operations and amounted to $36,339 for the period January 29, 2015 to September 30, 2015. 

U.S. Federal Income Taxes   

We have elected to be taxed as a RIC under
Subchapter M of the Code. As a RIC, we generally are not subject to corporate-level federal income taxes on any ordinary income
or capital gains that we distribute as dividends to our stockholders. To qualify and maintain our qualification as a RIC, we must
meet certain source-of-income and asset diversification requirements. In addition, in order to be subject to tax as a RIC, we
are required to distribute dividends to our stockholders each taxable year of an amount generally at least equal to 90% of our
investment company taxable income. 

Depending on the level of taxable income
earned in a taxable year, we may choose to retain taxable income in excess of current year distributions into the next taxable
year in an amount less than what would trigger payments of federal income tax under Subchapter M of the Code. We would then be
subject to a 4% excise tax on such undistributed taxable income, as required. To the extent that we determine that our estimated
current year annual taxable income may exceed estimated current year distributions, we accrue excise tax, if any, on estimated
excess taxable income as taxable income is earned. We did not accrue any excise tax for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015
and for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016. 

Because federal income tax regulations
differ from GAAP, distributions in accordance with tax regulations may differ from net investment income and realized gains recognized
for financial reporting purposes. Differences may be permanent or temporary. Permanent differences are reclassified within capital
accounts in the financial statements to reflect their tax character. Permanent differences may also result from differences in
classification in certain items, such as the treatment of short-term gains as ordinary income for tax purposes. Such reclassifications,
including as a result of distributions representing a return of capital, have no impact on our net assets. Temporary differences
arise when certain items of income, expense, gain or loss are recognized at some time in the future. 

We evaluate tax positions taken or expected
to be taken in the course of preparing our financial statements to determine whether the tax positions are  more-likely-than-not 
of being sustained by the applicable tax authority. Tax positions not deemed to meet the  more-likely-than-not  threshold
are reversed and recorded as a tax benefit or expense in the current fiscal year. All penalties and interest associated with income
taxes are included in income tax expense. Conclusions regarding tax positions are subject to review and may be adjusted at a later
date based on factors including, but not limited to, ongoing analyses of tax law, regulations and interpretations thereof. Our
accounting policy on income taxes is critical because if we are unable to maintain our tax status as a RIC, we generally would
be required to record a provision for corporate-level U.S. federal income taxes, as well as any related state or local taxes which
may be significant to our financial results. 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES  

From time to time, we, or the Adviser,
may become party to legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business, including proceedings related to the enforcement of
our rights under contracts with our portfolio companies. Neither we nor the Adviser is currently subject to any material legal
proceedings. 

Unfunded commitments to provide funds to portfolio companies
are not reflected in our accompanying statements of assets and liabilities. Our unfunded commitments may be significant from time
to time. These commitments are subject to the same underwriting and ongoing portfolio maintenance as are the on-balance sheet
financial instruments that we hold. Since these commitments may expire without being drawn, the total commitment amount does not
necessarily represent future cash requirements. We use cash flow from normal and early principal repayments and proceeds from
borrowings and offerings to fund these commitments. As of September 30, 2016, we had eight investments with unfunded commitments
of $3,613,277. We believe that, as of September 30, 2016, we had sufficient assets to adequately cover any obligations under our
unfunded commitments. 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET
RISK   

We are subject to financial market risks,
including changes in interest rates. As a result, there can be no assurance that a significant change in market interest rates
will not have a material adverse effect on our net investment income. As of September 30, 2016, all of our investments included
variable rates or variable rates with a floor. 

Assuming that the accompanying statements
of assets and liabilities as of September 30, 2016 were to remain constant and that we took no actions to alter interest rate
sensitivity as of such date, the following table shows the annualized impact of hypothetical base rate changes in interest rates. 

In addition, any investments we make that
are denominated in a foreign currency will be subject to risks associated with changes in currency exchange rates. These risks
include the possibility of significant fluctuations in the foreign currency markets, the imposition or modification of foreign
exchange controls and potential illiquidity in the secondary market. These risks will vary depending upon the currency or currencies
involved. 

We may hedge against interest rate and
currency exchange rate fluctuations by using standard hedging instruments such as futures, options and forward contracts subject
to the requirements of the 1940 Act. While hedging activities may insulate us against adverse changes in interest rates, they
may also limit our ability to participate in benefits of lower interest rates with respect to our portfolio of investments with
fixed interest rates. 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  

Disclosure Controls and Procedures   

As of September 30, 2016 (the end of the
period covered by this report), our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the
effectiveness and design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based on that evaluation, our management, including
the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective
at a reasonable assurance level in timely alerting management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer,
of material information about us required to be included in periodic SEC filings. However, in evaluation of the disclosure controls
and procedures, management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide
only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management necessarily was required to apply its judgment
in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting   

There have been no changes in our internal
control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act, that occurred during our
most recently completed fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal
control over financial reporting. 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION  

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  

We are not currently subject to any material
legal proceeding, nor, to our knowledge, is any material legal proceeding threatened against us. 

From time to time, we, our Adviser or Administrator
may be a party to certain legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business, including proceedings relating to the enforcement
of our rights under contracts with our portfolio companies. While the outcome of these legal proceedings cannot be predicted with
certainty, we do not expect that these proceedings will have a material effect upon our financial condition or results of operations. 

From time to time, we are involved in various
legal proceedings, lawsuits and claims incidental to the conduct of our business. Our businesses are also subject to extensive
regulation, which may result in regulatory proceedings against us. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS  

There have been no changes to the risk factors described in
Part I, Item 1A  Risk Factors  of our Annual Report. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE
OF PROCEEDS.  

On September 15, 2016, we delivered a capital
drawdown notice to our investors relating to the sale of 1,952,724 Shares for an aggregate offering price of $19 million (the
 Private Offering ). The Private Offering closed on September 29, 2016. 

The Private Offering was exempt from the
registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) thereof. The Company did
not engage in general solicitation or advertising with regard to the Private Offering and did not offer securities to the public
in connection with such issuance and sale. The investors who purchased Common Stock were all accredited investors. 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES  

Not applicable. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES  

Not applicable. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION  

Not applicable. 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS  

99.2  Administrative Fee Waiver Letter, dated as of November
10, 2016, by and between the Company and the Administrator 

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Audax
    Credit BDC Inc.    

Date: November 14, 2016  
      By:  
       
      /s/ Michael P. McGonigle   

Michael P. McGonigle   

Chief Executive Officer   

Date: November 14, 2016  
      By:  
       
      /s/ Richard T. Joseph   

Richard T. Joseph   

Chief Financial Officer   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 v452993_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1  

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  

  PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT  
 RULES 13a-14 AND 15d-14  

I, Michael P. McGonigle, Chief Executive Officer of Audax Credit
BDC Inc., certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this quarterly report
on Form 10-Q of Audax Credit BDC Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report
does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made,
in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial
statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying
officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over
financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the
registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change
in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying
officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and
material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2016 

By:   
     /s/ Michael P. McGonigle      

Chief Executive Officer       

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 v452993_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2  

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  

  PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT  
 RULES 13a-14 AND 15d-14  

I, Richard T. Joseph, Chief Financial Officer of Audax Credit
BDC Inc., certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this quarterly report
on Form 10-Q of Audax Credit BDC Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report
does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made,
in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial
statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying
officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over
financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the
registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change
in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying
officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and
material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2016 

By:   
     /s/ Richard T. Joseph      

Chief Financial Officer       

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 v452993_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1  

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
PURSUANT TO  
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   

   As
adopted pursuant to 
SECTION 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   

In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Audax
Credit BDC Inc. (the  Company ) for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Michael P. McGonigle, as Chief Executive Officer of the Company,
certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the
requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) The information contained in the
Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Michael P. McGonigle      
 
     Name:   
      Michael P. McGonigle  

Title:   
      Chief Executive Officer  

Date: November 14, 2016 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 v452993_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

EXHIBIT 32.2  

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
PURSUANT TO  
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   

   As
adopted pursuant to 
SECTION 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   

In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Audax
Credit BDC Inc. (the  Company ) for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Richard T. Joseph, as Chief Financial Officer of the Company,
certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the
requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) The information contained in the
Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Richard T. Joseph      
 
     Name:   
      Richard T. Joseph  

Title:   
      Chief Financial Officer  

Date: November 14, 2016 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-99.2>
 6
 v452993_ex99-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 99.2

Exhibit 99.2  

Audax Credit BDC Inc. 

 320 Park Avenue, 19 th  Floor 

 New York, NY 10022 

To Audax Credit BDC Inc.: 

Reference is hereby
made to that certain Administration Agreement by and between Audax Credit BDC Inc., a Delaware corporation (the    Company   ),
and Audax Management Company, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the    Administrator   ), dated
as of June 16, 2015 (the    Administration Agreement   ). This letter confirms that, pursuant to the terms
of the Administration Agreement, the Administrator is hereby entitled to waive, in whole or in part, its entitlement to receive
reimbursements from the Company pursuant to the Administration Agreement. The Administration Agreement is hereby amended to the
extent necessary to give effect to this letter. 

Audax Management Company, LLC  

By:  
      /s/ Byron Pavano  

Name: Byron Pavano  

Title: Authorized Signatory  

Acknowledged and Agreed: 

Audax Credit BDC Inc.  

By:  
      /s/ Byron Pavano  

Name: Byron Pavano  

Title: Authorized Signatory  

</EX-99.2>

