<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161103_10-Q_edgar_data_1561387_0001493152-16-014488_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3991191</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>167318</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>277104</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>859160</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1621564</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>977753</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>67</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-16-014488.hdr.sgml : 20161103
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161103170148
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-16-014488
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		68
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161103
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161103

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Health Insurance Innovations, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001561387
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INSURANCE AGENTS BROKERS & SERVICES [6411]
		IRS NUMBER:				461282634
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35811
		FILM NUMBER:		161972555

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		15438 N. FLORIDA AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 201
		CITY:			TAMPA
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33613
		BUSINESS PHONE:		813-280-1289

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		15438 N. FLORIDA AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 201
		CITY:			TAMPA
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33613

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-16-014488.txt : 20161103

10-Q
 1
 form10-q.htm

UNITED
STATES   

   SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION        

   Washington,
D.C. 20549   

FORM
10-Q   

(Mark
One)    

For
the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016   

or

For
the transition period from ______________ to ______________   

Commission
File Number: 1-35811   

Health
Insurance Innovations, Inc.   

   (Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)   

Delaware   
         
       46-1282634    
 
       (State
    or other jurisdiction of   
         
       (I.R.S.
    Employer    
 
       incorporation
    or organization)   
         
       Identification
    No.)    

15438
N. Florida Avenue, Suite 201   

   Tampa,
FL 33613   

   (Address
of Principal Executive Offices)   

(877)
376-5831   

   (Registrant s
telephone number, including area code)   

N/A   

   (Former
name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report)   

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes [X] No [  ]  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes [X] No [  ]  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller
reporting company. See definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller
reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act (Check one):  

Large
    accelerated filer  
      [  ]  
         
      Accelerated
    filer  
      [  ]   
 
      Non-accelerated
    filer  
      [  ]  
      (Do
    not check if a smaller reporting company)  
      Smaller
    reporting company  
      [X]   

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 12b-2). Yes [  ] No [X]  

As of November 2,
2016, the registrant had 7,910,086 shares of Class A common stock, $0.001 par value, outstanding and 6,841,667 shares
of Class B common stock, $0.001 par value, outstanding. 

HEALTH
INSURANCE INNOVATIONS, INC.    

CONTENTS

PART
    I FINANCIAL INFORMATION    
         
      3   

ITEM
    1 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    
         
      3   

CONDENSED
    CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS AS OF SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 (UNAUDITED) AND DECEMBER 31, 2015    
         
      3   

CONDENSED
    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015 (UNAUDITED)    
         
      4   

CONDENSED
    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 (UNAUDITED) AND YEAR ENDED
    DECEMBER 31, 2015    
         
      5   

CONDENSED
    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015 (UNAUDITED)    
         
      6   

NOTES
    TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED)    
         
      7   

ITEM
    2 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS    
         
      24   

ITEM
    3 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK    
         
      37   

ITEM
    4 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES    
         
      37   

PART
    II OTHER INFORMATION    
         
      38   

ITEM
    1 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS    
         
      38   

ITEM
    1A RISK FACTORS    
         
      39   

ITEM
    2 UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS    
         
      39   

ITEM
    3 DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES    
         
      39   

ITEM
    4 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES    
         
      39   

ITEM
    5 OTHER INFORMATION    
         
      39   

ITEM
    6 EXHIBITS    
         
      40   

SIGNATURES    
         
      41   

PART
I FINANCIAL INFORMATION    

ITEM
1 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    

HEALTH
INSURANCE INNOVATIONS, INC.    

Condensed
Consolidated Balance Sheets    

   ($
in thousands, except share and per share data)    

See
accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements.  

HEALTH
INSURANCE INNOVATIONS, INC.    

Condensed
Consolidated Statements of Operations (unaudited)    

   ($
in thousands, except share and per share data)    

See
accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements.  

HEALTH
INSURANCE INNOVATIONS, INC.    

Condensed
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders  Equity (unaudited)   

   ($
in thousands, except share data)   

See
accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements.  

HEALTH
INSURANCE INNOVATIONS, INC.    

Condensed
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited)    

   ($
in thousands)   

See
accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements.   

HEALTH
INSURANCE INNOVATIONS, INC.    

Notes
to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements    

   (unaudited)

1.
Organization, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies    

In
this quarterly report, unless the context suggests otherwise, references to the  Company,   we,   us 
and  our  refer (1) prior to the February 13, 2013 closing of an initial public offering ( IPO ) of the
Class A common stock of Health Insurance Innovations, Inc. and related transactions, to Health Plan Intermediaries, LLC ( HPI )
and its consolidated subsidiaries and (2) after the IPO and related transactions, to Health Insurance Innovations, Inc. and its
consolidated subsidiaries. The terms  HII ,  HPIH , and  ICE  refer to the stand-alone entities
Health Insurance Innovations, Inc., Health Plan Intermediaries Holdings, LLC, and Insurance Center for Excellence, LLC, respectively.
The term  Secured  refers to (a) prior to or at the time of their July 17, 2013 acquisition by us, Sunrise Health
Plans, Inc., Sunrise Group Marketing, Inc. and Secured Software Solutions, Inc., collectively, and (b) following our July 17,
2013 acquisition, the entities described in (a) and the limited liability companies into which such entities were converted shortly
following such acquisition. The terms  HealthPocket  or  HP  refer to HealthPocket, Inc., our wholly owned
subsidiary which was acquired by HPIH on July 14, 2014. The term  ASIA  refers to American Service Insurance Agency
LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary which was acquired by HPIH on August 8, 2014. HPIH, ICE, Secured, HP and ASIA are consolidated
subsidiaries of HII.  

Principles
of Consolidation and Basis of Presentation   

The
accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
in the United States of America ( GAAP ) for interim financial information. Accordingly, they do not include all of
the financial information and footnotes required by U.S. GAAP for complete financial statements. The condensed consolidated financial
statements include the accounts of Health Insurance Innovations, Inc., its wholly-owned subsidiaries, one of which is a Variable
Interest Entity ( VIE ), of which the Company is the primary beneficiary. All significant intercompany balances and
transactions have been eliminated in preparing the consolidated financial statements. The results of operations for business combinations
are included from their respective dates of acquisition.  

Noncontrolling
interests are included in the condensed consolidated balance sheets as a component of stockholders  equity that is not attributable
to the equity of the Company. We report separately the amounts of consolidated net loss or income attributable to us and noncontrolling
interests.  

The
information included in this quarterly report, including the interim condensed consolidated financial statements and the accompanying
notes, should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and related notes included in the Company s
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. The year-end condensed balance sheet data was derived from audited
financial statements, but does not include all disclosures required by GAAP. The condensed consolidated results for the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for any interim subsequent
period or for the year ending December 31, 2016.  

As
an  emerging growth company  as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the  JOBS Act ),
we benefit from certain temporary exemptions from various reporting requirements, including, but not limited to, not being required
to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and reduced disclosure obligations
regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements. We have also elected under the JOBS Act to delay
the adoption of new and revised accounting pronouncements applicable to public companies until such pronouncements are made applicable
to private companies. As a result of this election, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with
public company effective dates. These exemptions will apply for a period of five years following the completion of our IPO which
closed on February 13, 2013. However, if the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million
as of any June 30 before that time, we would cease to be an emerging growth company as of the following December 31.  

Business
Description and Organizational Structure of the Company    

Our
Business   

We
are a developer, distributor and virtual administrator of affordable, cloud-based individual health and family insurance plans
( IFP ) and supplemental products, which include short-term medical ( STM ) insurance plans and guaranteed-issue
and underwritten hospital indemnity plans.  

STM
plans provide up to six, eleven or twelve months of health insurance coverage with a wide range of deductible and copay levels.
STM plans generally offer qualifying individuals insurance benefits for fixed short-term durations. STM plans feature a streamlined
underwriting process offering immediate coverage options. Generally, our IFP premiums are substantially more affordable than the
premiums of individual major medical ( IMM ) plans which offer lifetime renewable coverage.  

Included
in IFP are hospital indemnity plans which are guaranteed-issue and underwritten plans that pay fixed cash benefits for covered
procedures and services for individuals under the age of 65. These highly customizable products are on an open provider network
without copayments or deductibles and do not have defined policy terms.  

We
also offer a variety of additional insurance and non-insurance products such as pharmacy benefit cards, dental plans, vision plans,
cancer/critical illness plans, deductible and gap protection plans and life insurance policies that are frequently purchased as
supplements to IFP.  

We
design and structure these products on behalf of insurance carriers and market them to individuals through our internal and external
distribution network. We manage member relations via our online member portal, which is available 24 hours a day, seven days a
week. Our online enrollment process allows us to aggregate and analyze consumer data and purchasing habits to track market trends
and drive product innovation.  

As
the managing general underwriter of our individual health insurance plans and supplemental products, we receive all amounts due
in connection with the plans we sell on behalf of the providers of the services, third-party commissions and referral fees. We
refer to these total collections as premium equivalents, which typically represent a combination of premiums, fees for discount
benefit plans (a non-insurance benefit product that supplements or enhances an insurance product), fees for distributors, our
enrollment fees and third-party commissions and referral fees. From premium equivalents, we remit risk premium to carriers and
amounts earned by discount benefit plan providers, who we refer to as third-party obligors, such carriers and third-party obligors
being the ultimate parties responsible for providing the insurance coverage or discount benefits to the member. Our revenues consist
of the balance of the premium equivalents.  

We
collect premium equivalents upon the initial sale of the plan and then monthly upon each subsequent periodic payment under such
plan. We receive most premium equivalents through online credit card or ACH processing. As a result, we have limited accounts
receivable. We remit the risk premium to the applicable carriers and the amounts earned by third-party obligors on a monthly basis
based on the respective compensation arrangements.  

We
also provide consumers with access to health insurance information search and comparison technology through our website, HealthPocket.com.
This free website allows consumers to easily and clearly compare and rank all health insurance plans available for an individual,
family, or small business, empowering consumers to make health plan decisions and reduce their out of pocket costs. In addition,
the data aggregated by HealthPocket ( HP ) is used to research consumer needs and to measure product demand to help
us design and manufacture high-demand insurance products.  

In
2015, we launched a direct-to-consumer insurance website that allows consumers to research health insurance trends, comparison
shop, and purchase IFP under the AgileHealthInsurance    brand. AgileHealthInsurance.com is one of the few internet
sites dedicated to helping consumers understand the benefits of Term Health Insurance. We use the term  Term Health Insurance 
to refer to health insurance products of less than one year in duration, such as STM. These new plans are the culmination of extensive
research on health insurance needs in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act ( PPACA ) era, and we believe
consumers will easily be able to find affordable prices for these plans on AgileHealthInsurance.com. AgileHealthInsurance.com
utilizes what we believe is a best-of-class plan comparison and online enrollment tool, to accompany these new plans. The underlying
technology was developed by engineers with decades of experience working on top-tier e-Commerce websites known for their ease-of-use.  

Our
History   

Our
business began operations as HPI in 2008. To facilitate the IPO, HII was incorporated in the State of Delaware in October 2012.
In November 2012, through a series of transactions, HPI assigned the operating assets of our business to HPIH, and HPIH assumed
the operating liabilities of HPI. Since November 2012, we have operated our business through HPIH and its subsidiaries.  

Our
Reorganization and IPO   

HII
was incorporated in the State of Delaware in October 2012 to facilitate the IPO and to become a holding company owning as its
principal asset membership interests in HPIH. Since November 2012, we have operated our business through HPIH and its consolidated
subsidiaries. See Note 7 for more information about the IPO.  

HII
sold 4,666,667 shares of common stock for $14.00 per share in the IPO on February 13, 2013. Simultaneous with the offering, HII
obtained a 35% membership interest, 35% economic interest and 100% of the voting interest in HPIH.  

Upon
completion of the offering, HII became a holding company the principal asset of which is its interest in HPIH. All of HII s
business is conducted through HPIH and its subsidiaries. HII is the sole managing member of HPIH and has 100% of the voting rights
and control.  

HII
has two classes of outstanding capital stock: Class A common stock and Class B common stock. Class A shares represent 100% of
the economic rights of the holders of all classes of our common stock to share in our distributions. Class B shares do not entitle
their holders to any dividends paid by, or rights upon liquidation of, HII. Shares of our Class A common stock vote together with
shares of our Class B common stock as a single class, except as otherwise required by law. Each share of our Class A common stock
and our Class B common stock entitles its holder to one vote. As of September 30, 2016, Michael Kosloske, our Executive Chairman
of the Board and Chief of Product Innovation, beneficially owns 47.1% of our outstanding Class A common stock and Class B common
stock on a combined basis, which equals his combined economic interest in the Company.  

HPIH
has two series of outstanding equity: Series A Membership Interests, which may only be issued to HII, as sole managing member,
and Series B Membership Interests. The Series B Membership Interests are held by HPI and Health Plan Intermediaries Sub, LLC ( HPIS ),
a subsidiary of HPI, and these entities are beneficially owned by Mr. Kosloske. As of September 30, 2016, and December 31, 2015,
(i) the Series A Membership Interests held by HII represent 53.1% and 53.1%, respectively, of the outstanding membership interests,
53.1% and 53.1%, respectively, of the economic interests and 100% of the voting interests in HPIH and (ii) the Series B Membership
Interests held by the entities beneficially owned by Mr. Kosloske represent 46.9% and 46.9%, respectively, of the outstanding
membership interests, 46.9% and 46.9%, respectively, of the economic interests and no voting interest in HPIH.  

Reclassifications

Certain
amounts in prior periods  consolidated financial statements have been reclassified to conform to the current period presentation.
Such reclassifications include excluding amounts payable for third-party commission expense and third-party obligors payable from
restricted cash and including such amounts in cash and cash equivalents in the accompanying condensed consolidated statements
of cash flows.  

Use
of Estimates    

The
accompanying unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements of the Company include all normal recurring accruals
and adjustments considered necessary by management for their fair presentation in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ). Preparing financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires
management to make estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses
during the reporting period. Actual results could differ materially from those estimates. The consolidated results of operations
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of results that may be expected for the year ending
December 31, 2016 or any future interim period.  

Summary
of Significant Accounting Policies    

The
following is an update to our significant accounting policies described in Note 1, Organization, Basis of Presentation, and Summary
of Significant Accounting Policies, in our audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2015 included
in our Annual Report on Form 10-K.  

Restricted
Cash     

In
our capacity as the policy administrator, we collect premiums from members and distributors and, after deducting our earned commission
and fees, remit these premiums to our contracted insurance carriers, discount benefit vendors and distributors. Where contractually
obligated, we hold the unremitted funds in a fiduciary capacity until they are disbursed, and the use of such funds is restricted.
We hold these funds in bank accounts. These unremitted amounts are reported as restricted cash in the accompanying condensed consolidated
balance sheets with the related liabilities reported in accounts payable. The Company previously referred to such restricted cash
as cash held on behalf of others.  

The
Company also held restricted cash as pledged deposits with certain institutions. These deposits were contractually required and
were pledged as security for such institutions. At September 30, 2016, no such amounts were held restricted for this purpose.
No such amounts were restricted as of December 31, 2015.  

Stock-based
Compensation    

During
the second quarter of 2016, the company issued stock appreciation rights ( SARs ) that contain performance vesting
conditions. In accordance with GAAP, performance conditions that affect vesting are not reflected in estimating the fair value
of an award at the grant date and accruals of compensation cost for an award with a performance condition shall be based on the
probable outcome of that performance condition. Compensation cost shall be accrued if it is probable that the performance condition
will be achieved and shall not be accrued if it is not probable that the performance condition will be achieved. As such, management
must make certain judgements regarding the probability of achievement of certain targets defined within the respective SAR agreements
that may materially affect the timing of recognized compensation cost, if any at all.  

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements    

Following is a
summary of recent accounting pronouncements published by the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ). As noted
above, we have elected to delay the adoption of new and revised accounting pronouncements applicable to public companies until
such pronouncements are made applicable to private companies under provisions of the JOBS Act. 

In August 2016, the FASB
issued an update to the presentation of certain cash receipts and cash payments as presented and classified in the statement of
cash flows. The update provides amendments to the codification for eight specific cash flow issues such as the classification
of debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs to the classification of the proceeds from the settlement of insurance claims.
The amendments in this update are effective for public business entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15,
2017, and interim periods within those fiscal years. For all other entities, the amendments are effective for fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2018, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019. Early adoption is permitted,
including adoption in an interim period. We will adopt this guidance in reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018. We
are currently evaluating the impact of this guidance on our condensed consolidated financial statements. 

In March 2016, the FASB
issued an amendment to its accounting guidance for stock compensation as part of the FASB s simplification initiative. The
amendments affect all entities that issue share-based payment awards to their employees. The areas for simplification involve
several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification
of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows. Some of the areas for simplification
apply only to nonpublic entities. For public business entities, the amendments in this update are effective for annual
periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods. For all other entities, the amendments
are effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within annual periods beginning after
December 15, 2018. Early adoption is permitted for any entity in any interim or annual period. We will adopt this guidance in
reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017. We are currently evaluating the impact of this guidance on our condensed
consolidated financial statements. 

In February 2016, the
FASB issued an amendment to its accounting guidance for leases to increase transparency and comparability by requiring organizations
to recognize lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet and increasing disclosures about key leasing arrangements.
The amendment updates the critical determinant from capital versus operating to whether a contract is or contains a lease because
lessees are required to recognize lease assets and lease liabilities for all leases   financing and operating   other
than short term. The amendments in this update are effective for public business entities for fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 2018, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. We will adopt this guidance
in reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018. The impact of adopting this pronouncement on our condensed consolidated
financial statements will be immaterial. 

In May 2014, the FASB
issued an amendment to its accounting guidance related to revenue recognition. The amendment clarifies the principles for recognizing
revenue. The guidance is based on the principle that revenue is recognized to depict the transfer of goods or services to customers
in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services.
The guidance also requires additional disclosure about the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising
from customer contracts, including significant judgments and changes in the judgments and assets recognized from costs incurred
to obtain or fulfill a contract. For a public entity, the amendments in this update are effective for annual reporting
periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within that reporting period. For all other entities (nonpublic
entities), the amendments in this update are effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017,
and interim periods within annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018. Deferral of the Effective Date, defers the effective
date of this update by one year. Early adoption is not permitted. We will adopt this guidance in reporting periods beginning
after December 15, 2018. We are currently evaluating the impact of adopting this pronouncement on our condensed consolidated financial
statements. 

2.
Variable Interest Entities    

As
of September 30, 2016, we are the primary beneficiary of one entity, HPIH, that constitutes a VIE pursuant to FASB guidance. HPIH
is a VIE as the voting rights of the investors are not proportional to their obligations to absorb the expected losses of HPIH.
We hold 100% of the voting power in HPIH, but 53.1% of the total membership and economic interest, and the other members of HPIH
hold no voting rights in HPIH. Further, substantially all of the activities of HPIH are conducted on behalf of a membership with
disproportionately few voting rights. We have concluded that we are the primary beneficiary of HPIH, and, therefore, should consolidate
HPIH since we have power over and receive the benefits of HPIH. We have the power to direct the activities of HPIH that most significantly
impact its economic performance. Our equity interest in HPIH obligates us to absorb losses of HPIH and gives us the right to receive
benefits from HPIH related to the day-to-day operations of the entity, both of which could potentially be significant to HPIH.
As such, our maximum exposure to loss as a result of our involvement in this VIE is the net income or loss allocated to us based
on our interest.  

On August 15, 2014, the
non-HII members of HPIH exchanged 1,725,000 Class B Membership Units of HPIH (together with an equal number of shares of HII Class
B common stock) in exchange for an equal number of Class A common stock pursuant to an Exchange Agreement (the  Exchange
Agreement ). See Note 7 for further information on the Exchange Agreement and this transaction. This transaction
resulted in HII obtaining greater than 50% of the membership and economic interest of HPIH. As of September 30, 2016, HII holds
100% of the voting power and 53.1% of the membership and economic interest in HPIH. 

3.
Goodwill and Intangible Assets    

Goodwill

Our
goodwill balance as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 of $41.1 million arose from previous acquisitions as described
in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. There have been no changes in the carrying amounts of
goodwill.  

During
the second quarter of 2016, the Department of Health and Human Services issued a proposal to limit the duration of STM to a period
of no longer than three months compared to the current period of up to one year. The proposed rule led to a decline in stock price
which was deemed to be a triggering event for a goodwill impairment analysis and accordingly the Company performed step one of
the two step impairment test under GAAP. Upon completion of the step one analysis as of June 30, 2016, we determined that the
fair value of the reporting unit exceeded its carrying value. As such, a step two analysis was not required.  

Other
intangible assets    

Our
other intangible assets arose primarily from acquisitions described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2015 and consist of a brand, our carrier network, distributor relationships, customer relationships, noncompete agreements
and capitalized software. Finite-lived intangible assets are amortized over their useful lives from two to fifteen years.  

Major
classes of intangible assets as of September 30, 2016 consisted of the following ($ in thousands):  

Major
classes of intangible assets as of December 31, 2015 consisted of the following ($ in thousands):  

Amortization
expense for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $527,000 and $564,000, respectively, and for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $1.6 million and $1.5 million, respectively.  

Estimated
annual pretax amortization of intangible assets for the remainder of 2016 and in each of the next five years and thereafter are
as follows ($ in thousands):  

4.
Accounts Payable and Other Liabilities    

Accounts
payable and accrued expenses consisted of the following as of ($ in thousands):  

5.
Debt    

Revolving
Line of Credit   

On
December 15, 2014, we entered into a three-year revolving line of credit ( RLOC ) for $15.0 million with a bank. The
purpose of the RLOC is to provide working capital, expand the advanced commissions program, and to help us maintain adequate liquidity.
Borrowings under this facility are secured by all of our and our subsidiaries  assets, including, but not limited to, cash,
accounts receivable, and property and equipment. The stated interest rate for the RLOC is 30-day LIBOR, plus 1.95%, which at September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 was 2.48% and 2.38%, respectively. As of September 30, 2016 we have drawn $5.0 million on the RLOC.
As of December 31, 2015, we had drawn $7.5 million on the RLOC. As of September 30, 2016 there is $10 million available to be
drawn upon the RLOC.  

The
RLOC is subject to customary covenants and restrictions which, among other things, require us to maintain minimum working capital
equal to 1.50 times the outstanding balance, and require that our maximum funded debt to tangible net worth ratio shall not exceed
1.50 at any time during the term of the RLOC. The RLOC also imposes certain nonfinancial covenants on us that would require immediate
payment if we, among other things, reorganize, merge, consolidate, or otherwise change ownership or business structure without
the bank s prior written consent. As collateral, there is a first position Uniform Commercial Code filing on all business
assets.  

The
RLOC agreements also contain customary representations and warranties and events of default. The payment of outstanding principal
under the RLOC and accrued interest thereon may be accelerated and become immediately due and payable upon default of payment
or other performance obligations or failure to comply with financial or other covenants in the RLOC agreements, subject to applicable
notice requirements and cure periods as provided in the RLOC agreements. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company
was in compliance with all covenants of the RLOC agreement.  

Under
the terms of the RLOC, we incurred certain costs related to acquiring the RLOC of $23,000. These costs have been capitalized and
are included in Accounts receivable, net, prepaid expenses and other current assets at September 30, 2016. As of September 30,
2016 and December 31, 2015, the balance of the deferred financing costs was $9,000 and $15,000, respectively. The deferred financing
costs consist primarily of consulting and legal fees directly related to the bank loan. These amounts are amortized over the life
of the related debt.  

6.
Restructuring   

During
the last quarter of the year ended December 31, 2015, the Company committed to and communicated a plan to restructure its operations
at ICE and Secured. The Company determined the services of ICE and Secured to be duplicative and recognized that efficiencies
could be gained by leveraging these operations with other owned call centers. As of December 31, 2015, the restructuring plan
was communicated to employees and substantially complete.  

No
expense related to restructuring activities was recorded during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016. As of September
30, 2016, the remaining liability associated with the restructuring is $36,000 and is included in the condensed consolidated balance
sheet as accounts payable and accrued expenses. At December 31, 2015, $1.3 million was included in the consolidated balance sheet
as accounts payable and accrued expenses.  

All
liabilities associated with the restructuring approximate their fair values. All recorded liabilities are classified as current
within the condensed consolidated balance sheet.  

7.
Stockholders  Equity    

On
February 13, 2013, we completed our IPO by issuing 4,666,667 shares of our Class A common stock, par value $0.001 per share, at
a price to the public of $14.00 per share of Class A common stock. In addition, we issued 8,666,667 shares of our Class B common
stock, of which 8,580,000 shares of Class B common stock were obtained by HPI, and 86,667 shares of Class B common stock were
obtained by Health Plan Intermediaries Sub, LLC ( HPIS ), of which HPI is the managing member. In addition, we granted
the underwriters of the IPO the right to purchase additional shares of Class A common stock to cover over-allotments (the  over-allotment
option ).  

Our
authorized capital stock consists of 100,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, par value $0.001 per share, 20,000,000 shares
of Class B common stock, par value $0.001 per share, and 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.001 per share.  

Class
A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock    

Each
share of Class A common stock and Class B common stock entitles its holders to one vote per share on all matters to be voted upon
by the stockholders, and holders of each class will vote together as a single class on all such matters. Holders of shares of
our Class A common stock and Class B common stock vote together as a single class on all matters presented to our stockholders
for their vote or approval, except as otherwise required by applicable law. As of September 30, 2016, the Class A common stockholders
had 53.1% of the voting power in HII and the Class B common stockholders had 46.9% of the voting power in HII. Holders of shares
of our Class A common stock have 100% of the economic interest in HII. Holders of Class B common stock do not have an economic
interest in HII.  

The
determination to pay dividends, if any, to our Class A common stockholders will be made by our Board of Directors. We do not,
however, expect to declare or pay any cash or other dividends in the foreseeable future on our Class A common stock, as we intend
to reinvest any cash flow generated by operations in our business. We may enter into credit agreements or other borrowing arrangements
in the future that prohibit or restrict our ability to declare or pay dividends on our Class A common stock. In the event of liquidation,
dissolution, or winding up of HII, the holders of Class A common stock are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining after
payment of liabilities, subject to prior distribution rights of preferred stock, if any, then outstanding. The holders of our
Class A common stock have no preemptive or conversion rights or other subscription rights. There are no redemption or sinking
fund provisions applicable to the Class A common stock. The rights, preferences and privileges of holders of our common stock
will be subject to those of the holders of any shares of our preferred stock we may issue in the future.  

Class
B common stockholders will not be entitled to any dividend payments. In the event of any dissolution, liquidation, or winding
up of our affairs, whether voluntary or involuntary, after payment of our debts and other liabilities and making provision for
any holders of our preferred stock that have a liquidation preference, our Class B common stockholders will not be entitled to
receive any of our assets. In the event of our merger or consolidation with or into another company in connection with which shares
of Class A common stock and Class B common stock (together with the related membership interests) are converted into, or become
exchangeable for, shares of stock, other securities or property (including cash), each Class B common stockholder will be entitled
to receive the same number of shares of stock as is received by Class A common stockholders for each share of Class A common stock,
and will not be entitled, for each share of Class B common stock, to receive other securities or property (including cash). No
holders of Class B common stock will have preemptive rights to purchase additional shares of Class B common stock.  

The
following table presents the effects of changes in HII s ownership interests in HPIH and its consolidated subsidiaries on
its equity ($ in 000 s):  

Exchange
Agreement    

On
February 13, 2013, we entered into an exchange agreement (the  Exchange Agreement ) with the holders of the Series
B Membership Interests of HPIH ( Series B Membership Interests ). Pursuant to and subject to the terms of the Exchange
Agreement and the amended and restated limited liability company agreement of HPIH, holders of Series B Membership Interests,
at any time and from time to time, may exchange one or more Series B Membership Interests, together with an equal number of shares
of our Class B common stock, for shares of our Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis, subject to equitable adjustments for
stock splits, stock dividends and reclassifications. See Note 1 from our December 31, 2015 audited consolidated financial statements
included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 for further information on the Exchange Agreement.  

Preferred
Stock     

Our
board of directors has the authority to issue shares of preferred stock in one or more series and to fix the rights, preferences,
privileges and restrictions thereof, including dividend rights, dividend rates, conversion rights, voting rights, terms of redemption,
redemption prices, liquidation preferences and the number of shares constituting any series or the designation of such series,
without further vote or action by the stockholders.  

The
issuance of preferred stock may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of HII without further
action by the stockholders and may adversely affect the voting and other rights of the holders of Class A common stock. At present,
we have no plans to issue any preferred stock.  

Treasury
Stock     

Treasury
stock is recorded at cost. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, we held 165,588 and 150,993 shares of treasury stock,
respectively, recorded at a cost of $1.5 million and $1.5 million, respectively.  

Share
Repurchase Program   

On
December 17, 2014, our Board of Directors authorized us to purchase up to 800,000 shares of our registered Class A common stock
under a repurchase program which could remain in place until December 31, 2016. We have adopted a plan (the  Repurchase
Plan ) under Rule 10b5-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), in connection
with this authorization. The Repurchase Plan allows us to repurchase our shares of Class A common stock at times when we otherwise
might be prevented from doing so under insider trading laws or self-imposed trading blackout periods.  

During
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 we made no repurchases under the Repurchase Plan. During the three months ended
September 30, 2015, we made no repurchases. During the nine months ended September 30, 2015, we repurchased 73,852 shares of our
registered Class A common stock under the Repurchase Plan at an average price per share of $7.05.  

Tax
Obligation Settlements and Treasury Stock Transactions   

Treasury
stock is recorded pursuant to the surrender of shares by certain employees to satisfy statutory tax withholding obligations on
vested restricted stock awards. In addition, certain forfeited stock-based awards are transferred to and recorded as treasury
stock, and certain restricted stock awards have been granted from shares in Treasury, and certain forfeited awards.  

During
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, 7,528 and 14,059 shares, respectively, were transferred to Treasury as a result
of surrendered shares of vested restricted stock awards and 1,200 and 16,480 options, respectively, were exercised and converted
to Class A common stock out of treasury. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, 40,400 and 43,600 shares,
respectively, were transferred to Treasury as a result of forfeitures of restricted stock awards. During the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2015, zero and 15,790 shares, respectively, were transferred to Treasury as a result of surrendered shares
of vested restricted stock awards, 7,500 and 164,132 shares, respectively, were transferred to Treasury as the result of forfeitures
of restricted stock awards. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, 70,000 and 151,216 Treasury shares were
granted under restricted stock awards, respectively.  

8.
Stock-based Compensation   

We
maintain one stock-based incentive plan, the Health Insurance Innovations, Inc. Long Term Incentive Plan (the  LTIP ),
which became effective February 7, 2013, under which SARs, restricted stock, restricted stock units and other types of equity
and cash incentive awards may be granted to employees, non-employee directors and service providers. The LTIP expires after ten
years, unless prior to that date the maximum number of shares available for issuance under the plan has been issued or our Board
of Directors terminates this plan. At its inception, 1,250,000 shares of Class A common stock were reserved for issuance under
the LTIP. In May 2016, the Company s shareholders approved an increase of 1,000,000 shares of Class A common stock and as
of that date, there were 3,250,000 shares of Class A common stock reserved for issuance under the LTIP. As of December 31, 2015,
there were 2,250,000 shares of Class A common stock reserved for issuance under the LTIP.  

Expense
for stock-based compensation is recognized based upon estimated grant date fair value and is amortized over the requisite service
period of the awards using the accelerated method. We offer awards which vest based on service conditions, performance conditions,
or market conditions. For grants of SARs and stock options, we apply the Black-Scholes option-pricing model, a Monte Carlo Simulation,
or a lattice model, depending on the vesting conditions, in determining the fair value of share-based payments to employees. These
models incorporate various assumptions, including expected volatility and expected term. Through November of 2015, expected stock
price volatilities were estimated using implied volatilities of comparable publicly-traded companies, given our limited trading
history. As of December 2015, volatility is calculated using the Company s trading history. The expected term of the awards
represents the estimated period of time until exercise, giving consideration to the contractual terms, vesting schedules and expectations
of future employee behavior. The Company uses its best estimate and the simplified method for  plain vanilla  awards
under GAAP for calculating the expected term, where applicable. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield
curve in effect at the time of grant with an equivalent remaining term. Compensation expense is recognized only for those awards
expected to vest, with forfeitures estimated based on our historical experience and future expectations. In accordance with GAAP,
compensation expense is not recognized for awards with performance vesting conditions until it is deemed probable that the underlying
performance events will occur. All stock-based compensation expense is classified within S, G   A expense in the condensed
consolidated statements of operations.  

None
of the stock-based compensation was capitalized during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  

The
Black-Scholes option-pricing model was used with the following weighted average assumptions:  

The
following table summarizes restricted shares, SARs, and stock options granted during the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015 (in thousands):  

There
were no exercises of SARs during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016. During the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016, 2,250 and 24,250 SARs, respectively, and 30,400 and 43,600 restricted share awards, respectively, were forfeited. During
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, 75,000 and 301,000 SARs, respectively, and 7,500 and 164,132 restricted share
awards, respectively, were forfeited. All of these awards were unvested. No SARs were exercised during the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2015.  

During
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, there were 1,200 and 16,480 options exercised, respectively. During the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2015, there were no options exercised.  

For
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the settlement of stock based incentive plans resulted in a cash outflow of
$36,000 and $75,000, respectively, with respect to shares redeemed to cover the recipient s tax obligations. For the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2015, these settlements resulted in a cash outflow of $0 and $89,000, respectively. We recognized
an income tax benefit of $10,000 and $52,000 from stock-based activity for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016,
respectively, and $0 and $91,000 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively.  

The
following table summarizes stock-based compensation expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 ($
in thousands):  

The
following table summarizes unrecognized stock-based compensation and the remaining weighted average period over which such stock-based
compensation is expected to be recognized as of September 30, 2016 ($ in thousands):  

The
amounts in the table above do not include the cost of any additional awards that may be granted in future periods nor any changes
in our forfeiture rate.  

9.
Net Income per Share    

The
computations of basic and diluted net income (loss) per share attributable to HII for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015 were as follows ($ in thousands, except share and per share data):  

Potential
common shares are included in the diluted per share calculation when dilutive. Potential common shares consist of Class A common
stock issuable through unvested restricted stock grants and stock appreciation rights and are calculated using the treasury stock
method.  

The
following securities were not included in the calculation of diluted net income (loss) per share because such inclusion would
be anti-dilutive (in thousands):  

Additionally, potential
common stock totaling 6,841,667 shares at September 30, 2016 and 2015 issuable under an exchange agreement were not included in
diluted shares because such inclusion would be antidilutive. See Note 7 for further details on the exchange agreement. 

10.
Income Taxes    

HPIH
is taxed as a partnership for income tax purposes; as a result, it is not subject to entity-level federal or state income taxation
but its members are liable for taxes with respect to their allocable shares of each company s respective net taxable income.
We are subject to U.S. corporate federal, state and local income taxes on our allocable share of net taxable income that is reflected
in our consolidated financial statements.  

The
effective tax rate for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 was 23.4% and 17.6%, respectively. The effective tax
rate for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 was (85.7%) and (115.9%), respectively. For the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016, the provision for income taxes was $1.6 million and $2.5 million, respectively. For the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2015, the benefit for income taxes was $701,000 and $664,000, respectively. Deferred taxes on our investment
in HPIH are measured on the difference between the carrying amount of our investment in HPIH and the corresponding tax basis of
this investment. We do not measure deferred taxes on differences within HPIH, as those differences inherently comprise our deferred
taxes on our external investment in HPIH.  

Our
effective tax rate includes a rate detriment attributable to the fact that certain of our subsidiaries operate as limited liability
companies which are not subject to federal or state income tax. Accordingly, a portion of our earnings or losses attributable
to noncontrolling interests are not subject to corporate level taxes. Additionally, our effective tax rate includes a valuation
allowance placed on all of our net deferred tax assets, as our belief is more likely than not that some of our deferred tax assets
will not be realized to offset future taxable income.  

We recorded a valuation
allowance against all of the deferred tax assets of HII as of both September 30, 2016, and December 31, 2015. We intend to continue
maintaining a full valuation allowance on all of the deferred tax assets of HII until there is sufficient evidence to support
the reversal of all or some portion of this allowance. Should we determine that we would be able to realize our remaining deferred
income tax assets in the foreseeable future, a release of all, or part, of the related valuation allowance would result in the
recognition of certain deferred tax assets in the period such determination is made. Significant management judgment is required
in determining the period in which the reversal of a valuation allowance should occur. We consider all available evidence, both
positive and negative, such as historical levels of income and future forecasts of taxable income, among other items, in determining
whether a full or partial release of a valuation allowance is required. In addition, our assessments sometimes require us to schedule
future taxable income in accordance with the applicable tax accounting guidance to assess the appropriateness of a valuation allowance
which further requires the exercise of significant management judgment. Such release of the valuation allowance could occur within
the next 12 months upon resolution of the aforementioned uncertainties. A reduction of the valuation allowance would also result
in the recognition of a tax receivable agreement obligation. See Note 11 for further information.  

We
account for uncertainty in income taxes using a two-step process. The first step is to evaluate the tax position for recognition
by determining if the weight of available evidence indicates that it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained
upon audit, including resolution of related appeals or litigation processes, if any. The second step requires us to estimate and
measure the tax benefit as the largest amount that is more than 50% likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement. Such amounts
are subjective, as a determination must be made on the probability of various possible outcomes. We reevaluate uncertain tax positions
on a quarterly basis. This evaluation is based on factors including, but not limited to, changes in facts or circumstances, changes
in tax law, effectively settled issues under audit, and new audit activity. Such a change in recognition and measurement could
result in recognition of a tax benefit or an additional tax provision.  

For
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, we did not have a balance of gross unrecognized tax
benefits, and as such, no amount would favorably affect the effective income tax rate in any future periods. We believe that there
will not be a significant increase or decrease to the uncertain tax positions within 12 months of the reporting date. The Company
accounts for interest and penalties associated with uncertain tax positions as a component of tax expense, and none were included
in the Company s financial statements as there are not uncertain tax positions outstanding as of September 30, 2016 and
2015, respectively. The Company s 2012 through 2015 tax years remain subject to examination by tax authorities.  

11.
Commitments and Contingencies    

BimSym
Agreements    

On
August 1, 2012, we entered into a software assignment agreement with BimSym eBusiness Solutions, Inc. ( BimSym ) for
our exclusive ownership of all rights, title and interest in the technology platform ( A.R.I.E.S. System ) developed
by BimSym and utilized by us. As a result of the agreement, we purchased the A.R.I.E.S. System, our proprietary sales and member
administration platforms, for $45,000 and this purchase was capitalized and recorded as an intangible asset. In connection with
this agreement, we simultaneously entered into a master services agreement for the technology, under which we are required to
make monthly payments of $26,000 for 5 years. After the five-year term, this agreement automatically renews for one-year terms
unless we give 60 days  notice.  

Additionally,
we also entered into an exclusivity agreement with BimSym whereby neither BimSym nor any of its affiliates will create, market
or sell a software, system or service with the same or similar functionality as that of the A.R.I.E.S. System under which we are
required to make monthly payments of $16,000 for five years. The present value of these payments was capitalized and recorded
as an intangible asset with a corresponding liability on the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets.  

Tax
Receivable Agreement   

On
February 13, 2013, we entered into a Tax Receivable Agreement ( TRA ) with the holders of the HPIH Series B Membership
Interests, which holders are beneficially owned by Michael W. Kosloske, our founder, Executive Chairman of the Board, and Chief
of Product Innovation. The TRA requires us to pay to such holders 85% of the cash savings, if any, in U.S. federal, state and
local income tax we realize (or are deemed to realize in the case of an early termination payment, a change in control or a material
breach by us of our obligations under the TRA) as a result of any possible future increases in tax basis and of certain other
tax benefits related to entering into the TRA, including tax benefits attributable to payments under the TRA itself. This is HII s
obligation and not an obligation of HPIH. HII will benefit from the remaining 15% of any realized cash savings. For purposes of
the TRA, cash savings in income tax is computed by comparing our actual income tax liability with our hypothetical liability had
we not been able to utilize the tax benefits subject to the TRA itself. The TRA became effective upon completion of the IPO and
will remain in effect until all such tax benefits have been used or expired, unless HII exercises its right to terminate the TRA
for an amount based on the agreed payments remaining to be made under the agreement or HII breaches any of its material obligations
under the TRA in which case all obligations will generally be accelerated and due as if HII had exercised its right to terminate
the agreement. Any potential future payments will be calculated using the market value of our Class A common stock at the time
of the relevant exchange and prevailing tax rates in future years and will be dependent on us generating sufficient future taxable
income to realize the benefit. Payments are generally due under the TRA within a specified period of time following the filing
of our tax return for the taxable year with respect to which payment of the obligation arises.  

Exchanges
of Series B Membership Interests, together with an equal number of shares of our Class B common stock, for shares of our Class A
common stock, are expected to increase our tax basis in our share of HPIH s tangible and intangible assets. These increases
in tax basis are expected to increase our depreciation and amortization deductions and create other tax benefits and therefore
may reduce the amount of tax that we would otherwise be required to pay in the future. As of September 30, 2016, Series B Membership
Interests, together with an equal number of shares of Class B common stock have been exchanged for   of
a total of 1,825,000 shares of Class A common stock subsequent to the IPO. See Note 7 for further information on these
issuances of Class A common stock. As a result of the exchanges noted above, we have recorded a liability of $1.2 million
pursuant to the TRA as of September 30, 2016. We have determined that some of this amount is probable to be paid, because a portion
of the deductions and other tax benefits noted above has been utilized based on our estimated taxable income for 2016. Therefore
we have also reversed a portion of the valuation allowance on our deferred tax assets related to the tax receivable agreement.
The exchange transactions created a tax benefit to be shared by the Company and the entities beneficially owned by Mr. Kosloske.
Our total liability pursuant to the tax receivable agreement for exchange transactions completed through September 30, 2016 would
be $10.7 million, representing the share of tax benefits payable to the entities beneficially owned by Mr. Kosloske, if we generate
sufficient taxable income in the future. We have made no payments under the tax receivable agreement as of September 30, 2016,
but plan to make payments of $444,000 under the tax receivable agreement during the year ended December 31, 2016.  

Distributor
Advanced Commissions   

As
a course of business, we enter into agreements with our distributors to loan future commission payments based on actual sales,
referred to as advanced commissions, net on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. Certain of these agreements may include
a loan agreement and a UCC1 financing statement for the purposes of securing the future commission payments we make. Generally,
these loans will be repaid to us by future commissions earned by the distributor based on actual sales, as described in the respective
agreements. The Company makes an allowance for uncollectible advanced commissions based on an assessment of recoverability. Allowances
are applied to advance commissions when events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. While
the Company does not expect to continue the same degree of historic expansion with the advanced commissions program, the Company
is evaluating alternative sources of funding to complement the program should additional growth be appropriate.  

On
May 1, 2015, we entered into an agreement with Health Benefits One ( HBO ), and certain individuals and entities related
to HBO to make advances via a variable secured promissory note (the  May 2015 Note ). The May 2015 Note provides for
two advances of $500,000 each. As of December 31, 2015, the Company paid both advances totaling $1.0 million. The May 2015 Note,
which secures the advances, matures on January 31, 2017 and bears interest only upon the occurrence of an event of default. All
amounts outstanding, including interest, are due within thirty days of the maturity date, subject to acceleration upon the occurrence
of an event of default.  

Under
the May 2015 Note, HBO was eligible to earn production credits, beginning in January 2016, for each qualifying sale of our products,
as defined in the May 2015 Note. Such production credits would be applied based on qualifying sales during each calendar quarter
of 2016. Any such production credits earned during calendar year 2016 would be applied against the outstanding balance payable
to us under the May 2015 Note in lieu of a cash payment to us but no amount would be payable by us to HBO. There was no remaining
balance under the May 2015 Note at September 30, 2016.     

Legal
Proceedings   

The
Company is subject to legal proceedings, claims, and liabilities that arise in the ordinary course of business. The Company accrues
losses associated with legal claims when such losses are probable and reasonably estimable. If the Company determines that a loss
is probable and cannot estimate a specific amount for that loss, but can estimate a range of loss, the best estimate within the
range is accrued. If no amount within the range is a better estimate than any other, the minimum amount of the range is accrued.
Estimates are adjusted as additional information becomes available or circumstances change. Legal defense costs associated with
loss contingencies are expensed in the period incurred.   

State
Regulatory Examinations   

The Company has received
notification from the Indiana Department of Insurance that a multistate examination has been commenced providing for the review
of HCC Life Insurance Company s ( HCC ) short term medical plans, Affordable Care Act compliance, marketing,
and rate and form filing for all products. As the Company is a distributor of HCC products, the notification indicated that the
multistate examination will include a review of the activities of the Company and a review of whether the Company s practices
are in compliance with Indiana insurance law and the similar laws of other states participating in the examination. The Indiana
Department of Insurance will serve as the managing participant of the multistate examination, and the examination will include,
among other things, a review of whether HCC (and presumably the Company) has engaged in any unfair or deceptive acts or insurance
business practices. In addition to the multistate examination led by Indiana, we are aware that several other states, including
Arkansas, Florida, Kansas, Montana, Ohio, South Dakota, Texas and Massachusetts, are reviewing the sales practices and
potential unlicensed sale of insurance by third-party distributor call centers utilized by the Company. The Company is not aware
of any examination into the sales practices of the Company-owned call centers, although the Company cannot be certain that no
such investigation is occurring or will occur, and the Company is aware of and managing additional claims and inquiries that it
does not believe are material at this time. It is too early to determine whether any of these regulatory examinations will have
a material impact on the Company. The Company is proactively communicating and cooperating with all applicable regulatory agencies. 

Montana
Regulatory Action   

The
Company has also received notification from the Office of the Montana State Auditor, Commissioner of Securities and Insurance
( CSI ) that an administrative action has been initiated against it. The Company was among more than two dozen separate
parties named by the CSI in a Notice of Proposed Agency Action on May 12, 2016, that alleges potential violations of the Montana
Insurance Code. The Notice, directed to the Company as well as a large pool of third-party respondents ranging from very large
companies to individual insurance agents, indicated that the CSI was concerned with the possibility of unfair trade practices,
potentially unlicensed insurance practices, or agents that were not properly appointed to the insurance carriers for whom products
were being offered. Seventeen of the named parties, including the Company, have requested a hearing before the CSI to contest
the state s allegations and the Company is in the process of retrieving data and information to do so. The state has formally
granted the Company s request to be heard on the issues, and a neutral Hearing Officer experienced in the insurance industry,
has been appointed to hear the matter. This matter is at a very early stage of the investigative process and the Company has been
cooperative with the CSI while seeking to properly measure and gauge the potential of the allegations.  

While
it is still too early to assess whether the CSI s Notice and the investigation of these organizations and individuals will
have a material impact on the Company, the Company believes that based on nature of the allegations and evidence provided by the
state of Montana during the third quarter, a loss arising from the future assessment of a civil penalty against the Company is
probable. Notwithstanding, the Company is currently unable to either estimate the amount of any potential civil penalty, or determine
a range of potential loss, as the Company lacks insight into the events or factors that could assist the Company in estimating
the amount of any potential civil penalty or a range of potential loss related to such penalties. It is very possible that there
may be no financial loss, or a reasonable resolution reached with the CSI. The Company continues to regularly communicate and
work closely with the CSI in furtherance of bringing the matter towards a mutually satisfactory resolution.  

12.
Fair Value Measurements    

We
measure and report financial assets and liabilities at fair value on a recurring basis. Fair value is defined as the exchange
price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (referred to as an exit price) in the principal or most
advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date.
Valuation techniques used to measure fair value must maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable
inputs. The fair value of our financial assets and liabilities is determined by using three levels of input, which are defined
as follows:  

Level
    1:  
      Quoted
    prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities    

Level
    2:  
      Quoted
    prices in active markets for similar assets or liabilities, quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in
    markets that are not active, or inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability    

Level
    3:  
      Unobservable
    inputs for the asset or liability    

The
categorization of a financial instrument within the valuation hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant
to the fair value measurement.  

We
utilize the market approach to measure the fair value of our financial assets. As subjectivity exists with respect to many of
the valuation techniques, the fair value estimates we have disclosed may not equal prices that we may ultimately realize if the
assets are sold or the liabilities are settled with third parties. Below is a description of our valuation methods.  

Contingent
consideration for business acquisition.  The contingent consideration related to the acquisition of Secured and ASIA includes
periodic cash payments, as described in Note 2 in our audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31,
2015 included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, and were valued using external valuation specialists. The inputs include discount
rates reflecting the credit risk, and the probability of the underlying outcome of the results required by Secured to receive
payment and the nature of such payments. The underlying outcomes are subject to the target results in the respective instruments
or agreement. These liabilities are included in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.  

Noncompete obligation.
 Our noncompete obligation, an exclusivity agreement with the developer of the A.R.I.E.S System as described in Note 11 is
primarily valued using nonbinding market prices as stated in the agreement that are corroborated by observable market data. The
inputs and fair value are reviewed for reasonableness and may be further validated by comparison to publicly available information
or compared to multiple independent valuation sources. The noncompete obligation is classified within Level 2 of the fair value
hierarchy. 

The
carrying amounts of financial assets and liabilities reported in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets for cash
and cash equivalents, restricted cash, credit card transactions receivable, accounts receivable, advanced commissions, carriers
and vendors payable, commissions payable, line of credit, and accounts payable and accrued expenses as of September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015, respectively, approximate fair value because of the short-term duration of these instruments.  

As
of September 30, 2016, our liabilities measured at fair value were as follows ($ in thousands):  

As
of December 31, 2015, our liabilities measured at fair value were as follows ($ in thousands):  

A
summary of the changes in the fair value of liabilities carried at fair value that have been classified in Level 3 of the fair
value hierarchy was as follows ($ in thousands):  

Realized
and unrealized loss on the contingent acquisition consideration are included in fair value adjustment of contingent consideration
on the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations.  

13.
Segment Information   

Operating
segments are defined as components of an enterprise about which separate financial information is available that is evaluated
regularly by the chief operating decision maker ( CODM ), or decision-making group, in deciding how to allocate resources
and in assessing performance. During the three months ended March 31, 2015, we had two reportable segments: IPD and HP; however
during the three months ended June 30, 2015, the structure of our organization changed such that our President and Chief Executive
Officer became our named CODM. HP is viewed by our CODM as a component of the operations comprising the IPD segment. The CODM
reviews our financial information in a manner substantially similar to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. As
such, at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, we had one reportable operating and geographic segment.  

14.
Related Party Transactions    

Health
Plan Intermediaries, LLC    

HPI and its subsidiary
HPIS, which are beneficially owned by Mr. Kosloske, are related parties by virtue of their Series B Membership Interests
in HPIH, of which we are managing member. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, HPIH paid cash distributions
of $86,000 and $657,000, respectively, for these entities related to estimated federal and state income taxes, pursuant to the
operating agreement of HPIH entered into by HPIH, HII and HPI. 

Distributions
by HPIH to its members    

Pursuant to the operating
agreement of HPIH, we determine when distributions will be made to the members of HPIH and the amount of any such distributions,
except that HPIH is required by the operating agreement to make certain pro rata distributions to each member of HPIH quarterly
on the basis of the assumed tax liabilities of the members. 

Members of HPIH, including
HII, incur U.S. federal and state income taxes on their allocable share of any net taxable income of HPIH. Net profits
and net losses of HPIH are generally allocated to its members pro rata in accordance with the percentage interest of the units
they hold. In accordance with the operating agreement of HPIH, we cause HPIH to make cash distributions to its members
for purposes of funding their tax obligations in respect of the income of HPIH that is allocated to them. Generally, these tax
distributions are computed based on our estimate of the net taxable income of HPIH allocable to the member multiplied by an assumed
tax rate equal to the highest marginal effective federal, state and local income tax rate applicable for an individual or corporation
taking into account any allowable deductions. Additional amounts may be distributed to us if needed to meet our tax obligations
and our obligations pursuant to the TRA. 

We
are not permitted to cause HPIH to make distributions that would render it insolvent. All distributions from HPIH are made to
the members of HPIH pro rata in accordance with the percentage economic interest of the units they hold.  

As
of September 30, 2016, $3.4 million is included in Due to member as a current liability on the condensed consolidated balance
sheet for member distributions declared but not yet paid.  

Tax
Receivable Agreement    

As discussed in Note 11,
on February 13, 2013, we entered into a tax receivable agreement with the holders of the HPIH Series B Membership Interests,
which holders are beneficially owned by Mr. Kosloske. 

As
of September 30, 2016, we have made no such payments under the TRA but plan to make payments of $444,000 under the tax receivable
agreement during the year ended December 31, 2016. As of September 30, 2016, we would be obligated to pay $1.2 million pursuant
to the TRA, of which $845,000 is included in current liabilities and $361,000 is included in long-term liabilities on the accompanying
condensed consolidated balance sheets. As of December 31, 2015, $748,000 was payable pursuant to the TRA, of which $342,000 was
included in current liabilities and $406,000 was included in long-term liabilities on the accompanying condensed consolidated
balance sheets. Our total liability pursuant to the TRA for exchange transactions completed through September 30, 2016 would be
$10.7 million if we generate sufficient taxable income in the future.  

Reinsurance   

Insurance
carriers with which we do business often reinsure a portion of their risk. From time to time, entities owned or affiliated with
Michael Kosloske, serve as reinsurers for insurance carriers that offer products sold by HPIH.  

15.
Subsequent Events    

On June 10, 2016, the
Internal Revenue Service, the Employee Benefits Security Administration, and the U.S Department of Health and Human Services,
collectively  HHS,  proposed rule 2016-13583, that impacts STM insurance. On October 31, 2016, HHS published
the rule substantially as proposed which limits STM duration to periods of less than three months including any period for which
the policy may be renewed. The rule also requires notification of non-compliance with the minimum essential coverage standards
set forth in the Affordable Care Act. The rule goes into effect on January 1, 2017 however neither HHS nor the states will enforce
the rule regarding duration or renewal of STM plans until April 1, 2017. This rule will likely have a material impact on revenues
generated from the sale of STM products beginning with our 2017 fiscal year but we are not yet able to determine the impact on
total revenues, if any, as we will seek to mitigate revenue losses, if any, by offering new products, by growing our already strong
distribution channels and by continuing our direct-to-consumer emphasis while simultaneously increasing operating leverage. 

On
October 1, 2016, the Company came to mutual agreement with HCC Life Insurance Company ( HCC ), a third-party insurance
carrier, to modify the terms of our carrier contract. The Company no longer sells new HCC STM products through our third-party
distributors. We continue to write new HCC products through our company owned call center and AgileHealthInsurance.com. We do
not expect this contract modification to have a material impact, if any, on our company revenues.  

ITEM 2 MANAGEMENT S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS   

We have made statements
in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations below and in other sections of
this report that are forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical fact included in this quarterly
report are forward-looking statements. You can identify forward-looking statements by the fact that they do not relate strictly
to historical or current facts. These statements may include words such as  may,   might,   will, 
 should,   expects,   plans,   anticipates,   believes,   estimates, 
 predicts,   potential  or  continue,  the negative of these terms and other comparable terminology.
These forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions about us, may include projections
of our future financial performance, our anticipated growth strategies, anticipated trends in our business and other future events
or circumstances. These statements are only predictions based on our current expectations and projections about future events.
There are important factors that could cause our actual results, level of activity, performance or achievements and other future
events or circumstances to differ materially from the results, level of activity, performance or achievements, events or circumstances
expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements, including those factors discussed in  Part I.   Item 1A. Risk
Factors  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and those factors, if any, discussed in
 Part II   Item 1A. Risk Factors  below. You should specifically consider the numerous risks outlined under
 Part I.   Item 1A. Risk Factors  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and
 Part II   Item 1A. Risk Factors  below.  

We cannot guarantee
future results, level of activity, performance, achievements, events or circumstances. We are under no duty to update any of these
forward-looking statements after the date of this report to conform our prior statements to actual results or revised expectations.

Overview   

Health Insurance Innovations,
Inc. is a Delaware corporation incorporated on October 26, 2012. In this quarterly report, unless the context suggests otherwise,
references to the  Company,   we,   us  and  our  refer (1) prior to the February
13, 2013 closing of an initial public offering ( IPO ) of the Class A common stock of Health Insurance Innovations,
Inc. and related transactions, to Health Plan Intermediaries, LLC ( HPI ) and its consolidated subsidiaries and (2)
after the IPO and related transactions, to Health Insurance Innovations, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. The terms  HII ,
 HPIH , and  ICE  refer to the following entities on a stand-alone basis: Health Insurance Innovations,
Inc., Health Plan Intermediaries Holdings, LLC, and Insurance Center for Excellence, LLC, respectively. The term  Secured 
refers to (a) prior to or at the time of their July 17, 2013 acquisition by us, Sunrise Health Plans, Inc., Sunrise Group Marketing,
Inc. and Secured Software Solutions, Inc., collectively, and (b) following our July 17, 2013 acquisition, the entities described
in (a) and the limited liability companies into which such entities were converted shortly following such acquisition. The terms
 HealthPocket  or  HP  refer to HealthPocket, Inc., our wholly owned subsidiary which was acquired by
HPIH on July 14, 2014. The term  ASIA  refers to American Service Insurance Agency LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary
which was acquired by HPIH on August 8, 2014. HPIH, ICE, Secured, HP and ASIA are consolidated subsidiaries of HII. 

We are a developer, distributor,
and virtual administrator of affordable cloud-based individual health and family insurance plans and supplemental products. In
May 2015, we launched www.AgileHealthInsurance.com, an online direct-to-consumer website, primarily using internal resources at
HP. 

Our Products  

We are an industry leader
in the sale of individual and family medical insurance plans ( IFP ), which include short-term medical ( STM )
insurance plans and guaranteed-issue and underwritten hospital indemnity plans. 

STM plans provide up
to six, eleven or twelve months of health insurance coverage with a wide range of deductible and copay levels. STM plans generally
offer qualifying individuals insurance benefits for fixed short-term durations. STM plans feature a streamlined underwriting process
offering immediate coverage options. Generally, our IFP premiums are substantially more affordable than the premiums of individual
major medical ( IMM ) plans which offer lifetime renewable coverage. 

Included in IFP are hospital
indemnity plans which are guaranteed-issue and underwritten plans that pay fixed cash benefits for covered procedures and services
for individuals under the age of 65. These highly customizable products are on an open provider network without copayments or
deductibles and do not have defined policy terms. 

We also offer a variety
of additional insurance and non-insurance products such as pharmacy benefit cards, dental plans, vision plans, cancer/critical
illness plans, deductible and gap protection plans and life insurance policies that are frequently purchased as supplements to
IFP. 

We design and structure
these products on behalf of insurance carriers and market them to individuals through our internal and external distribution network.
We manage member relations via our online member portal, which is available 24 hours a day, seven days a week. Our online enrollment
process allows us to aggregate and analyze consumer data and purchasing habits to track market trends and drive product innovation. 

Our scalable, proprietary,
and web-based technology platform provides customers, whom we refer to as members, immediate access to the products we sell through
our owned and third-party distribution channels. The health insurance products we develop are underwritten by insurance carriers,
and we assume no underwriting, insurance or reimbursement risk. Members can tailor product selections to meet their personal insurance
and budget needs, buy policies and print policy documents and identification cards in real-time. Our technology platform uses
abbreviated online applications, some with health questionnaires, to provide an immediate accept or reject decision for products
that we offer. Once an application is accepted, individuals can use our automated payment system to complete the enrollment process
and obtain instant electronic access to their policy fulfillment documents, including the insurance policy, benefits schedule
and identification cards. We receive credit card and Automated Clearing House ( ACH ) payments directly from members
at the time of sale. Our technology platform provides operating leverage as we add members and reduces the costs associated with
marketing, selling, underwriting and administering policies. 

Our sales of IFP and
supplemental products focus on the large and under-penetrated segment of the U.S. population who are uninsured or underinsured.
These respective classes include individuals not covered by employer-sponsored insurance plans, such as the self-employed, small
business owners and their employees, individuals who are unable to afford the rising cost of IMM premiums, underserved  gap
populations  that require insurance due to changes caused by life events: new graduates, divorcees, early retirees, military
discharges, the unemployed, part-time and seasonal employees and customers seeking health insurance between the open enrollment
periods created under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act ( PPACA ). 

We also provide consumers
with access to health insurance information search and comparison technology through our website, HealthPocket.com. This free
website allows consumers to easily and clearly compare and rank all health insurance plans available for an individual, family,
or small business, empowering consumers to make health plan decisions and reduce their out-of-pocket costs. In addition, the data
aggregated by HealthPocket ( HP ) is used to research consumer needs and to measure product demand to help us design
and manufacture high-demand insurance products. 

As the managing general
underwriter of our individual health insurance plans and supplemental products, we receive substantially all amounts due in connection
with the plans we sell on behalf of the providers of the services, third-party commissions and referral fees. We refer to these
total collections as premium equivalents, which typically represent a combination of premiums, fees for discount benefit plans
(a non-insurance benefit product that supplements or enhances an insurance product), fees for distributors, our enrollment fees,
and third-party commissions and referral fees. From premium equivalents, we remit risk premium to carriers and amounts earned
by discount benefit plan providers, who we refer to as third-party obligors, such carriers and third-party obligors being the
ultimate parties responsible for providing the insurance coverage or discount benefits to the member. Our revenues consist of
the balance of the premium equivalents. 

We collect premium equivalents
upon the initial sale of the plan and then monthly upon each subsequent periodic payment under such plan. We receive most premium
equivalents through online credit card or ACH processing. As a result, we have limited accounts receivable. We remit the risk
premium to the applicable carriers and the amounts earned by third-party obligors on a monthly basis based on the respective compensation
arrangements. 

On June 10, 2016,
the Internal Revenue Service, the Employee Benefits Security Administration, and the U.S Department of Health and Human Services,
collectively  HHS,  proposed rule 2016-13583, that impacts STM insurance. On October 31, 2016, HHS published the rule
substantially as proposed despite opposition from significant stakeholders during the open comment period. The rule limits STM
duration to periods of less than three months including any period for which the policy may be renewed. The rule also requires
notification of non-compliance with the minimum essential coverage standards set forth in the Affordable Care Act. The rule goes
into effect on January 1, 2017 however neither HHS nor the states will enforce the rule regarding duration or renewal of STM plans
until April 1, 2017. This rule will likely have a material impact on revenues generated from the sale of STM products beginning
with our 2017 fiscal year but we are not yet able to determine the impact on total revenues, if any, as we will seek to mitigate
revenue losses, if any, by offering new products, by growing our already strong distribution channels and by continuing our direct-to-consumer
emphasis while simultaneously increasing operating leverage. 

As of September 30, 2016,
we had 252,142 total plans in force, compared with 137,000 on September 30, 2015. For the three months ended September 30, 2016,
our premium equivalents and revenues were $78.5 million and $46.1 million, respectively, representing increases of 81.0% and 78.7%
when compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, our premium equivalents
and revenues were $226.3 million and $133.1 million, respectively, representing increases of 88.2% and 87.2%, respectively, when
compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. For more detail about the use of premium equivalents as a business metric
and a reconciliation of premium equivalents to revenues, see  Key Business Metrics Premium Equivalents  below. 

In 2015, we launched
a direct-to-consumer insurance website that allows consumers to research health insurance trends, comparison shop, and purchase
IFP under the AgileHealthInsurance    brand. AgileHealthInsurance.com is one of the few internet sites dedicated
to helping consumers understand the benefits of Term Health Insurance. We use the term  Term Health Insurance  to
refer to health insurance products of less than one year in duration, such as STM. These new plans are the culmination of extensive
research on health insurance needs in the PPACA era, and we believe consumers will easily be able to find affordable prices for
these plans on AgileHealthInsurance.com. AgileHealthInsurance.com utilizes what we believe is a best-of-class plan comparison
and online enrollment tool to accompany these new plans. The underlying technology was developed, and continues to be developed,
by engineers with decades of experience working on top-tier e-Commerce websites known for their ease-of-use. 

Key Business Metrics   

In addition to traditional
financial metrics, we rely upon the following key business metrics to evaluate our business performance and facilitate long-term
strategic planning: 

Premium equivalents .
We define this metric as our total collections, including the combination of premiums, fees for discount benefit plans, enrollment
fees, and third-party commissions and referral fees. All amounts not paid out as risk premium to carriers or paid out to other
third-party obligors are considered to be revenues for financial reporting purposes. We have included premium equivalents in this
report because it is a key measure used by our management to understand and evaluate our core operating performance and trends,
to prepare and approve our annual budget and to develop short- and long-term operational plans. In particular, the inclusion of
premium equivalents can provide a useful measure for period-to-period comparisons of our business. This financial measurement
is considered a non-GAAP financial measure and is not recognized under generally accepted accounting principles in the United
States of America ( GAAP ) and should not be used as, and is not an alternative to, revenues as a measure of our operating
performance. 

The following table presents
a reconciliation of premium equivalents to revenues for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 ($ in thousands): 

Plans in force .
We consider a plan to be in force when we have issued a member his or her insurance policy or discount benefit plan and have collected
the applicable premium payments and/or discount benefit fees. Our plans in force are an important indicator of our expected revenues,
as we receive a monthly commission for up to six months for our six-month STM plans, up to eleven months for our eleven months
plans, up to twelve months for our approximately twelve-month (i.e., up to 364 days) STM plans and can exceed twelve months for
our hospital indemnity and discount benefit plans, provided that the policy or discount benefit plan is not cancelled. A member
may be enrolled in more than one policy or discount benefit plan simultaneously. A plan becomes inactive upon notification to
us of termination of the policy or discount benefit plan, when the member s policy or discount benefit plan expires or following
non-payment of premiums or discount benefit fees when due. 

The following table presents
the number of policies in force by product type as of September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

Adjusted gross margin .
We define adjusted gross margin as revenue less third-party commissions and credit card and ACH fees. Adjusted gross margin does
not represent, and should not be considered as, an alternative to revenues, as determined in accordance with GAAP. Adjusted gross
margin is a key measure used by our management to understand and evaluate our core operating performance and trends, to prepare
and approve our annual budget and to develop short-term and long-term operational plans. In particular, adjusted gross margin
can provide a useful measure for period-to-period comparisons of our business. Adjusted gross margin has limitations as an analytical
tool, and you should not consider it in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our results as reported under GAAP. 

The following table presents
a reconciliation of premium equivalents and revenues to adjusted gross margin for the three and nine months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015 ($ in thousands): 

EBITDA.  We define
this metric as net income (loss) before interest expense, income taxes and depreciation and amortization. We have included EBITDA
in this report because it is a key measure used by our management and board of directors to understand and evaluate our core operating
performance and trends, to prepare and approve our annual budget and to develop short- and long-term operational plans. In particular,
the exclusion of certain expenses in calculating EBITDA can provide a useful measure for period-to-period comparisons of our business.
However, EBITDA does not represent, and should not be considered as, an alternative to net income or cash flows from operations,
each as determined in accordance with GAAP. Other companies may calculate EBITDA differently than we do. EBITDA has limitations
as an analytical tool, and you should not consider it in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our results as reported
under GAAP. 

Adjusted EBITDA .
To calculate adjusted EBITDA, we calculate EBITDA, which is then further adjusted for items that are not part of regular operating
activities, including acquisition costs, restructuring costs, contract termination costs, and other non-cash items such as non-cash
stock-based compensation. Adjusted EBITDA does not represent, and should not be considered as, an alternative to net income or
cash flows from operations, each as determined in accordance with GAAP. We have presented adjusted EBITDA because we consider
it an important supplemental measure of our performance and believe that it is frequently used by analysts, investors and other
interested parties in the evaluation of companies. Other companies may calculate adjusted EBITDA differently than we do. Adjusted
EBITDA has limitations as an analytical tool, and you should not consider it in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our
results as reported under GAAP. 

The following table presents
a reconciliation of net income to EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 ($
in thousands): 

Adjusted net income.
 To calculate adjusted net income, we calculate net income then add back amortization (but not depreciation), interest, tax
expense and other items that are not part of regular operating activities, including acquisition costs, restructuring costs, contract
termination costs, tax receivable agreement liability adjustments, and other non-cash items such as non-cash stock-based compensation
and fair value adjustment to contingent consideration. From adjusted pre-tax net income we apply a pro forma tax expense calculated
at an assumed rate of 38%. We believe that when measuring Company and executive performance against the adjusted net income measure,
applying a pro forma tax rate better reflects the performance of the Company without regard to the Company s organizational
tax structure. We have included adjusted net income in this report because it is a key performance measure used by our management
to understand and evaluate our core operating performance and trends and because we believe it is frequently used by analysts,
investors and other interested parties in their evaluation of our company. Other companies may calculate this measure differently
than we do. Adjusted net income has limitations as an analytical tool, and you should not consider it in isolation or substitution
for earnings per share as reported under GAAP. 

Adjusted net income
per share.  Adjusted net income per share is computed by dividing adjusted net income by the total number of diluted Class
A and Class B shares of our common stock for each period. We have included adjusted net income per share in this report because
it is a key measure used by our management to understand and evaluate our core operating performance and trends and because we
believe it is frequently used by analysts, investors and other interested parties in the evaluation of companies. Other companies
may calculate this measure differently than we do. Adjusted net income per share has limitations as an analytical tool, and you
should not consider it in isolation or as a substitute for earnings per share as reported under GAAP. 

The following table presents a reconciliation
of net income (loss) to adjusted net income and adjusted net income per share for the three and nine months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015 (in thousands, except per share data): 

Results of Operations   

Comparison of Three and Nine Months Ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015  

Revenues    

Our revenues primarily
consist of commissions and fees earned for health insurance policies and supplemental products issued to members, enrollment fees
paid by members, referral fees, fees for discount benefit plans, and administration fees paid by members as a direct result of
our enrollment services, brokerage services or referral sales. Revenues reported by the Company are net of premiums remitted to
insurance carriers and fees paid for discount benefit plans. 

Commission rates for
our products are agreed to in advance with the relevant insurance carrier and vary by carrier and policy type. Under our carrier
compensation arrangements, the commission rate schedule that is in effect on the policy effective date governs the commissions
over the life of the policy. In addition, we earn enrollment and administration fees on policies issued. All amounts due to insurance
carriers and discount benefit vendors are reported and paid to them according to the procedures provided for in the contractual
agreements between the individual carrier or vendor and us. 

We continue to receive
a commission payment until the plan expires or is terminated. Accordingly, a significant portion of our monthly revenues is predictable
on a month-to-month basis and revenues increase in direct proportion to the growth we experience in the number of plans in force. 

HP s revenue is
principally derived from referral fees and marketing fees, licensing fees, limited exclusivity fees, and landing page development
fees. HP recognizes revenue when: (1) persuasive evidence exists of an arrangement with the customer reflecting the terms and
conditions under which products or services will be provided; (2) delivery has occurred or services have been provided; (3) the
fee is fixed or determinable; and (4) collection is reasonably assured. 

Revenues for the three
months ended September 30, 2016 were $46.1 million, an increase of $20.3 million, or 78.7%, compared to the same period in 2015.
Revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 were $133.1 million, an increase of $62.0 million, or 87.2%, compared to
the same period in 2015. The increases were primarily due to the increase in the number of policies in force. The increase in
policies in force was due primarily to continued consumer demand for our affordable healthcare products outside of the ACA open
enrollment period and the diversification and enhancement of our distribution system, including our e-Commerce division, AgileHealthInsurance.com.
Premium equivalents for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased $106.0 million whereas risk premiums and third-party
expenses which are subtracted from premium equivalents to arrive at revenue, increased by $44.0 million. 

Third-party Commissions    

Our third-party commissions
consist of fees and commissions paid to distributors for selling our products to members, which we pay monthly for existing members
and on a weekly basis for new members. Generally, we expect third-party commissions as a percentage of revenue to remain generally
consistent with prior periods. 

Third-party commissions
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 were $25.9 million, an increase of $12.6 million, or 95.3%, compared to the three
months ended September 30, 2015. Third-party commissions for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 were $77.7 million, an increase
of $42.4 million, or 119.9%, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increases in third-party commissions were
primarily due to an increase in the number of policies in force sold through non-owned distributors. 

Third-party commissions
represented 56.1% and 32.9% of revenues and premium equivalents, respectively, for the three months ended September 30, 2016 as
compared to 51.3% and 30.5% of revenues and premium equivalents for the three months ended September 30, 2015. Third-party commissions
represented 58.4% and 34.3% of revenues and premium equivalents, respectively, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as
compared to 49.7% and 29.4% of revenues and premium equivalents for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. These increases
were largely the result of a revenue mix shift towards non-owned call centers and away from owned call centers due to the restructuring
of two of our call centers in November 2015 and increased incentives provided to several third-party distributors during the quarter.
Third-party commission increases were partially off-set by lower effective commission rates for distributors with advanced commission
balances. 

Credit Card and ACH Fees    

Our credit card and ACH
fees are fees paid to our banks and processors for the collection of credit card and ACH payments. We expect credit card and ACH
fees as a percentage of revenue to remain generally consistent with prior periods. 

Credit card and ACH fees
for the for the three months ended September 30, 2016 were $921,000, an increase of $352,000, or 61.9%, compared to the three
months ended September 30, 2015. Credit card and ACH fees for the for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 were $2.8 million,
an increase of $1.2 million, or 75.7%, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in credit card and ACH
fees was primarily due to the increase in the number of policies in force. 

Credit card and ACH fees
represented 2.0% and 1.2% of revenues and premium equivalents, respectively, for the three months ended September 30, 2016 as
compared to 2.2% and 1.3% of revenues and premium equivalents for the three months ended September 30, 2015. Credit card and ACH
fees represented 2.1% and 1.2% of revenues and premium equivalents, respectively, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016
as compared to 2.2% and 1.3% of revenues and premium equivalents for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. These fluctuations
are in line with our expectations and consistent over prior year. 

Selling, General and Administrative
Expense    

Our selling, general
and administrative ( S, G   A ) expenses primarily consist of personnel costs, which include salaries, bonuses,
commissions, stock-based compensation, payroll taxes and benefits. S, G   A expenses also include selling and marketing expenses
and travel costs associated with obtaining new distributor relationships. In addition, these expenses also include expenses for
outside professional services and technology expenses, including legal, audit and financial services and the maintenance of our
administrative technology platform and marketing costs for online advertising. In addition, the insurance brokerage operating
expenses of Secured, ASIA and ICE are included in this category for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 but only
include ASIA for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 because of the restructuring that occurred in 2015. See Note
6 of the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements for further information on the restructuring. 

S, G   A expense
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was $11.9 million. This represents an increase of $1.0 million, or 9.3% compared
to the three months ended September 30, 2015. 

S, G   A expense
represented 25.7% and 15.1% of revenues and premium equivalents, respectively, for the three months ended September 30, 2016 as
compared to 42.0% and 25.0% of revenues and premium equivalents for the three months ended September 30, 2015. 

The decrease in S, G
  A expenses as a percentage of revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period 2015 was
attributable to our scalable technology platform and the restructuring of ICE and Secured in December of 2015 which reduced duplicative
processes and consequently S, G   A expenses incurred at those entities. Such decreases in SG A were offset by accelerated
product development and implementation expenses and our up-front cost of acquisition at AgileHealthInsurance.com. 

S, G   A expense
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $35.5 million. This represents an increase of $3.2 million, or 9.8% compared
to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

S, G   A expense
represented 26.7% and 15.7% of revenues and premium equivalents, respectively, for the nine months ended September 31, 2016 as
compared to 45.5% and 26.9% of revenues and premium equivalents for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

The decrease in S, G
  A expenses as a percentage of revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period 2015 was
primarily attributable to the restructuring of ICE and Secured in December of 2015 which reduced duplicative processes and consequently
S, G   A expenses incurred at those entities. 

Depreciation and
Amortization    

Depreciation and amortization
expense is primarily related to the amortization of acquired intangible assets as well as depreciation of property and equipment
used in our business. 

Depreciation and amortization
expense for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was $835,000, an increase of $148,000, or 21.5%, compared to the three months
ended September 30, 2015. Depreciation and amortization expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $2.4 million,
an increase of $112,000, or 5.0%, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The nominal increase in depreciation and
amortization was primarily driven by the write-off of assets associated with the restructuring in 2015 offset by the amortization
of acquired intangible assets and depreciation over the period. See Note 6 of the accompanying condensed consolidated financial
statements for further information on the restructuring. 

Restructuring Expense   

During the last quarter
of the year ended December 31, 2015, the Company committed to and communicated a plan to restructure its operations at ICE and
Secured. The Company determined the services of ICE and Secured to be duplicative and recognized that efficiencies could be gained
by leveraging these operations with other owned call centers. As of December 31, 2015, the restructuring plan was communicated
to employees and substantially complete. 

No expense related to
restructuring activities was recorded during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016. As of September 30, 2016, the
remaining liability associated with the restructuring is $36,000 and is included in the condensed consolidated balance sheet as
accounts payable and accrued expenses. At December 31, 2015, $1.3 million was included in the consolidated balance sheet as accounts
payable and accrued expenses. 

All liabilities associated
with the restructuring approximate their fair values. All recorded liabilities are classified as current within the consolidated
balance sheet. See Note 6 of the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements for further information about our restructuring
activities. 

Other Income (Expense)   

Other income was $27,000
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and $83,000 of expense for the three months ended September 30, 2015. Other expense
was $459,000 and $170,000 of income for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Of the other income as
of September 30, 2016, $458,000 related to expenses recorded pursuant to a Tax Receivable Agreement ( TRA ). Other
income of $170,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 included a $189,000 gain on the deconsolidation of SIL and $178,000
in fees related to advancing of commissions. These increases were partially offset by $336,000 of expenses recorded pursuant to
the TRA. 

Provision (Benefit) for Income Taxes

For the three months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we recorded a respective provision and benefit for income taxes of $1.6 million and $701,000,
reflecting an effective tax rate of 23.4% and (85.7%), respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we
recorded a respective provision and benefit for income taxes of $2.5 million and $664,000, reflecting an effective tax rate of
17.6% and (115.9%), respectively. The effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was significantly
impacted by book income from non-taxable entities of $2.7 million and a net change in the valuation allowance provided
against our deferred tax assets of $298,000, as we believe it is not more likely than not that some of our deferred tax
assets will be realized. See Note 10 of the accompanying condensed financial statements for further information on income taxes
and the effective tax rates. 

Noncontrolling
Interests    

We are the sole managing
member of HPIH and have 100% of the voting rights and control. As of September 30, 2016, we had a 53.1% economic interest in HPIH,
and HPI had a 46.9% economic interest in HPIH. HPI s interest in HPIH is reflected as a noncontrolling interest on our accompanying
condensed consolidated financial statements. 

Net income attributable
to HII for the respective three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 included HII s share of its consolidated entities 
net income and loss, and a provision for income taxes of $1.6 million and $2.5 million. Net loss attributable to HII for the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2015 included HII s share of its consolidated entities  net loss, a provision
for income taxes of $701,000 and $664,000, respectively. 

On August 15, 2014, we
entered into an underwriting agreement with Raymond James   Associates, Inc., as the underwriter, and HPI and HPIS, as the
selling stockholders (the  Selling Stockholders ). Pursuant to the underwriting agreement and the Exchange Agreement,
we issued 1,725,000 shares of Class A common stock, at a public offering price of $12.15 per share ($11.54 per share, net of underwriting
discounts), for net proceeds of $19.9 million. We immediately used these proceeds to acquire Series B Membership Interests, together
with an equal number of shares of our Class B common stock from the Selling Stockholders. These Series B Membership Interests
were immediately recapitalized into Series A Membership Interests in HPIH. The Selling Stockholders agreed to sell to the underwriter
for resale all 1,725,000 shares of Class A common stock. No shares were sold by the Company in this offering, and the Company
did not receive any of the proceeds from the sale by the Selling Stockholders. The sale by the Selling Stockholders was made pursuant
to the registration statement on Form S-3 described above. No other shares of Class A common stock have been issued or sold pursuant
to the registration statement on Form S-3. See Note 7 of the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements for more
information on this transaction and the Exchange Agreement. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources   

General    

As of September 30, 2016,
we had $14.3 million of cash and cash equivalents. 

We believe that our available
cash and cash flows expected to be generated from operations will be adequate to satisfy our current and planned operations for
at least the next 12 months, although we can give no assurances concerning future liquidity. 

Our Indebtedness    

On December 15, 2014,
we entered into the RLOC for $15.0 million with a bank. As of September 30, 2016, we have drawn $5.0 million against the line
of credit. The purpose of the RLOC is to provide working capital, expand the advanced commission program, and to help us maintain
adequate liquidity. Borrowings under the facility are secured by all of our and our subsidiaries  assets, including, but
not limited to, cash, accounts receivable, and property and equipment. While the Company does not expect to continue the same
degree of historic expansion with the advanced commission program, the Company is evaluating alternative sources of funding to
complement the program should additional growth be appropriate. 

Cash Flows   

The following summary
of cash flows for the periods indicated has been derived from our financial statements included elsewhere in this report. 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities   

Cash provided by operating
activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was primarily the result of $11.7 million of net income coupled with a
$1.3 million increase in income taxes payable and $3.5 million increase in accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities.
The primary driver of this change in accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities was a $2.8 million dollar increase
in carriers and vendors payable due to greater volume of policies in force, a $2.1 million dollar increase in accrued wages and
a $526,000 increase in accrued professional services fees. These sources of cash were partially offset by a $2.6 million increase
in restricted cash, and a $6.2 million increase in advanced commissions. Cash used in operating activities for the nine months
ended September 30, 2015 was primarily the result of a $9.2 million increase in advanced commissions and a $277,000 decrease in
accounts payable and accrued liabilities. These uses of cash were offset by a decrease to accounts receivable and other assets
of $1.0 million and a $395,000 decrease in cash held on behalf of others. 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities   

Our primary investing
activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 were attributable to capitalized internal-use software and website development
costs of $2.4 million. Our primary investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 included the issuance of
a revolving note receivable of $1.0 million to one of our distributors and $1.2 million of capitalized website development costs,
partially offset by maturities of certificates of deposits classified as held-to-maturity investments of $461,000. 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities   

During the nine months
ended September 30, 2016, cash used in financing activities of $3.3 million was primarily driven by the proceeds of $7.5 million
from borrowing under the revolving line of credit, offset by repayments of $10.0 million against the same RLOC. Payments of $547,000
of contingent acquisition consideration, $144,000 of payments for noncompete obligations and $86,000 in member distributions all
further contributed to the cash used. During the nine months ended September 30, 2015, cash used in financing activities was $1.4
million, consisting primarily of $2.5 million in proceeds received from borrowings under the RLOC offset by $2.3 million in payments
of contingent acquisition consideration, $815,000 in distributions to members of HPIH and $520,000 to repurchase shares of our
Class A common stock under a share repurchase plan. 

Revolving Line of
Credit  

The purpose of the RLOC
is to provide working capital, expand the advanced commissions program, and to help us maintain adequate liquidity. Borrowings
under this facility are secured by all of our and our subsidiaries  assets, including, but not limited to, cash, accounts
receivable, and property and equipment. The stated interest rate for the RLOC is 30-day LIBOR, plus 1.95%. As of September 30,
2016, we have drawn $5.0 million on the RLOC. 

The RLOC is subject to
customary covenants and restrictions which, among other things, require us to maintain minimum working capital equal to 1.50 times
the outstanding balance, and require that our maximum funded debt to tangible net worth ratio shall not exceed 1.50 at any time
during the term of the RLOC. The RLOC also imposes certain nonfinancial covenants on us that would require immediate payment if
we, among other things, reorganize, merge, consolidate, or otherwise change ownership or business structure without the bank s
prior written consent. 

The RLOC agreements also
contain customary representations and warranties and events of default. The payment of outstanding principal under the RLOC and
accrued interest thereon may be accelerated and become immediately due and payable upon default of payment or other performance
obligations or failure to comply with financial or other covenants in the RLOC agreements, subject to applicable notice requirements
and cure periods as provided in the RLOC agreements. 

Under the terms of the
RLOC, we incurred certain costs related to acquiring the RLOC of $23,000. These costs have been capitalized and are included in
consolidated balance sheet at September 30, 2016. The financing costs consist primarily of consulting and legal fees directly
related to the bank loan. These amounts are amortized over the life of the related debt. The unamortized balance as of September
30, 2016 was $9,000. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates

Our financial statements
are prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires our management to make estimates,
assumptions and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the applicable periods. We base
our estimates, assumptions and judgments on historical experience and on various other factors that we believe to be reasonable
under the circumstances. Different assumptions and judgments could change the estimates used in the preparation of our financial
statements, which, in turn, could change the results from those reported. We evaluate our estimates, assumptions and judgments
on an ongoing basis. The critical accounting estimates, assumptions and judgments that we believe have the most significant impact
on our financial statements are described below. We have elected under the JOBS Act to delay adoption of new or revised accounting
pronouncements applicable to public companies until such pronouncements are made applicable to private companies. As a result
of this election, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates. 

Restricted Cash    

In our capacity as the
policy administrator, we collect premiums from members and distributors and, after deducting our earned commission and fees, remit
these premiums to our contracted insurance carriers, discount benefit vendors and distributors. Where contractually obligated,
we hold the unremitted funds in a fiduciary capacity until they are disbursed, and the use of such funds is restricted. We hold
these funds in bank accounts. These unremitted amounts are reported as restricted cash in the accompanying condensed consolidated
balance sheets with the related liabilities reported in accounts payable. The Company previously referred to such restricted cash
as cash held on behalf of others. 

During the nine months
ended September 30, 2016, the Company also held restricted cash as pledged deposits with certain institutions. These deposits
were contractually required and were pledged as security for such institutions. At September 30, 2016, all restrictions were released
and no such balance was held as restricted for this purpose. No such amounts were restricted as of December 31, 2015. 

Revenue Recognition    

Our revenues consist
primarily of commissions earned for health insurance policies and discount benefit plans issued to members, enrollment fees paid
by members, and administration fees paid by members as a direct result of our enrollment services. The members  payments
include a combination of risk premium, fees for discount benefit plans and an enrollment fee, which are collectively referred
to as  premium equivalents.  Revenues reported by the Company are net of premiums remitted to insurance carriers and
fees paid for discount benefit plans. Revenues are net of an allowance for policies expected to be cancelled by members during
a limited cancellation period. We establish an allowance for estimated policy cancellations through a charge to revenues. The
allowance is estimated using historical data to project future experience. Such estimates and assumptions could change in the
future as more information becomes known, which could impact the amounts reported. We periodically review the adequacy of the
allowance, which generally has been accurate in the past, and record adjustments as necessary. Historically, the variation of
those estimates to actual results is immaterial and material variation is not expected in the future. The net allowance for estimated
policy cancellations as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 was $462,000 and $352,000, respectively. 

Revenue is earned at
the time of sale. Commission rates for our products are agreed to in advance with the relevant insurance carrier and vary by carrier
and policy type. Under our carrier compensation arrangements, the commission rate schedule that is in effect on the policy effective
date governs the commissions over the life of the policy. In addition, we earn enrollment and administration fees on policies
issued. All amounts due to insurance carriers and discount benefit vendors are reported and paid to them according to the procedures
provided for in the contractual agreements between the individual carrier or vendor and us. Premiums are typically reported and
remitted to insurance carriers on the 15th of the month following the end of the month in which they are collected. 

In concluding that revenues
should be reported on a net basis, we considered Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) requirements and whether
we have the responsibility to provide the goods or services to the customer or if we rely on a supplier to provide the goods or
services to the customer. We are not the ultimate party responsible for providing the insurance coverage or discount benefits
to the member and, therefore, we are not the primary obligor in the arrangement. The supplier, or insurance carrier, bears the
risk for that insurance coverage. We therefore report our revenues net of amounts paid to the contracted insurance carrier companies
and discount benefit vendors. 

HP s revenue is
principally derived from referral and marketing fees, limited exclusivity fees, and landing page development fees. HP recognizes
revenue when: (1) persuasive evidence exists of an arrangement with the customer reflecting the terms and conditions under which
products or services will be provided; (2) delivery has occurred or services have been provided; (3) the fee is fixed or determinable;
and (4) collection is reasonably assured. 

Revenue is considered
earned when the performance measures have been completed. Deposits (whether refundable or non-refundable), early payments and
progress payments are not recognized as revenue until the revenue producing event has occurred. 

Marketing fee revenue.
 HP offers marketing services over a specified term. This fee is related to telephone and website traffic received by HealthPocket.com
for the customer and is recognized ratably over the life of the specified term of the marketing services. There are two ways marketing
fee revenue is determined: lead fee revenue and conversion fee revenue. HP offers lead marketing services in the form of providing
leads to customers. Revenue for leads provided is recognized based on the contractually agreed price per lead multiplied by the
number of leads provided by HP during the period. HP offers conversion marketing services in the form of providing leads to customers
with revenue recognized on a cost per acquisition basis. Revenue is calculated based on the number of qualifying conversions generated
by HP leads. The customer collects conversion data and provides a contractually agreed periodical report to HP. Revenue is recognized
based on the agreed price per lead conversion multiplied by the number of leads converted during the period. 

Limited exclusivity
fee revenue.  HP offers to certain customers limited exclusivity for placement of advertisements on the HealthPocket website
for a fee. This fee is recognized on a straight-line basis over the life of the limited exclusivity term 

Landing page development.
 HP offers to design, build and support a customer s hosting of certain landing pages for the purpose of capturing e-leads
and phone calls. Revenue for this service is recognized on a straight-line basis over the life of the support period of the landing
pages. 

Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets

Goodwill   

As a result of our various
acquisitions, we have recorded goodwill which represents the excess of the consideration paid over the fair value of the identifiable
net assets acquired in a transaction accounted for as a business combination. An impairment test is performed by us at least annually
as of October 1 st  of each year, or whenever events or circumstances indicate a potential for impairment. 

Under FASB guidance,
we have the option of performing a qualitative assessment to determine whether based on the facts and circumstances it is more
likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit exceeds the carrying value of its net assets. A qualitative assessment
will require judgments involving relevant factors, including but not limited to, changes in the general economic environment,
industry and regulatory considerations, current economic performance compared to historical economic performance and other relevant
company-specific events such as changes in management, key personnel or business strategy, where applicable. If we elect to bypass
the qualitative assessment, or if we determine, based upon our assessment of those qualitative factors that it is more likely
than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying value, a quantitative assessment for impairment is
required. As of September 30, 2016 we have one reporting unit and the most recent impairment assessment as of June 30, 2016 did
not indicate impairment. See Note 13 of the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements for further information on
our change in reporting units. 

The quantitative assessment
for evaluating the potential impairment of goodwill involves a two-step assessment process which requires significant estimates
and judgments by us to be used during the analysis. In step one we determine if there is an indication of goodwill impairment
by determining the fair value of the reporting unit s net assets and comparing that value to the reporting unit s
carrying value including the goodwill. If the carrying value of the net assets exceed the fair value, then the second step of
the impairment assessment is required. The step two assessment determines if an impairment exists, and if so, the magnitude of
the impairment by comparing the estimated fair value of the reporting unit s goodwill with the carrying amount of that goodwill.
The excess of the carrying value over the estimated fair value of the goodwill determines the amount of impairment which would
then be recorded as a loss on our statement of operations in the year the impairment occurred. 

While performing the
reporting unit s impairment assessment we use, or have used, a combination of valuation approaches including the market
approach and the income approach. 

The market approach uses
a guideline company methodology, which is based upon a comparison of the reporting unit to similar publicly-traded companies within
our industry. We derive a market value of invested capital or business enterprise value for each comparable company by multiplying
the price per share of common stock of the publicly traded companies by their total common shares outstanding and adding each
company s current level of debt. We calculate a business enterprise multiple based on revenue and earnings from each company,
then apply those multiples to our revenue and earnings to calculate a business enterprise value. Assumptions regarding the selection
of comparable companies are made based on, among other factors, capital structure, operating environment and industry. As the
comparable companies were typically larger and more diversified than our business, multiples were adjusted prior to application
to our revenues and earnings to reflect differences in margins, long-term growth prospects and market capitalization. 

The income approach uses
a discounted debt-free cash flow analysis to measure fair value by estimating the present value of future economic benefits. To
perform the discounted debt-free cash flow analysis, we develop a pro forma analysis of the reporting unit to estimate future
available debt-free cash flow and discounting estimated debt-free cash flow by an estimated industry weighted average cost of
capital based on the same comparable companies used in the market approach. Per FASB guidance, the weighted average cost of capital
is based on inputs (e.g., capital structure, risk, etc.) from a market participant s perspective and not necessarily from
the reporting unit s perspective. Future cash flow is projected based on assumptions for our economic growth, industry expansion,
future operations and the discount rate, all of which require significant judgments by management. 

We establish our assumptions
and arrive at the estimates used in these calculations based upon our historical experience, knowledge of our industry and by
incorporating third-party data, which we believe results in a reasonably accurate approximation of fair value. Nevertheless, changes
in the assumptions used could have an impact on our assessment of recoverability. We believe our projected sales are reasonable
based on, among other things, available information regarding our industry. We also believe the discount rate is appropriate.
The weighted average discount rate is impacted by current financial market trends and will remain dependent on such trends in
the future. 

After computing a separate
business enterprise value under the above approaches, we apply a weighting to them to derive the business enterprise value of
the reporting unit. The weightings are evaluated each time a goodwill impairment assessment is performed and give consideration
to the relative reliability of each approach at that time. The estimated fair value is then compared to the reporting unit s
carrying value. Upon completion of the analysis in step one as of October 1, 2015, we determined that the fair value of the reporting
unit exceeded its carrying value. As such, a step two analysis was not required. 

During the second quarter
of 2016, the Department of Health and Human Services issued a proposal to limit the duration of STM to a period of no longer than
three months compared to the current period of up to one year. The proposed rule led to a decline in stock price which was deemed
to be a triggering event for a goodwill impairment analysis and accordingly the Company performed step one of the two step impairment
test. Upon completion of the step one analysis as of June 30, 2016, we determined that the fair value of the reporting unit exceeded
its carrying value. As such, a step two analysis was not required. 

See Note 2 in our audited
consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2015 included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and Note 3 of
the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements for further information on the acquisitions and our goodwill balance
as of December 31, 2015 and September 30, 2016, respectively. 

Other Intangible Assets  

Our other intangible
assets arose primarily from the acquisitions described above and consist of a brand, the carrier network, distributor relationships,
customer relationships, noncompete agreements and capitalized software. Finite-lived intangible assets are amortized over their
useful lives from two to fifteen years. See Note 3 of the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements for further
information on our intangible assets. 

Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation   

Expense for stock-based
compensation is recognized based upon estimated grant date fair value and is amortized over the service period of the awards using
the accelerated method. We offer awards which vest based on service conditions, performance conditions or market conditions. For
grants of SARs and stock options, we apply the Black-Scholes option-pricing model, Monte Carlo Simulation, or a lattice model,
depending on the vesting conditions, in determining the fair value of share-based payments to employees. These models incorporate
various assumptions, including expected volatility and expected term. Through November of 2015, expected stock price volatilities
were estimated using implied volatilities of comparable publicly-traded companies, given our limited trading history. As of December
2015, volatility is calculated using the Company s trading history. The expected term of awards granted is based on the
Company s best estimate and the use of the simplified method for  plain vanilla  awards under GAAP, where applicable. 

The resulting compensation
expense is recognized over the requisite service period. The requisite service period is the period during which an employee is
required to provide service in exchange for an award, which often is the vesting period. Compensation expense is recognized only
for those awards expected to vest. In accordance with GAAP, compensation expense is not recognized for awards with performance
vesting conditions until it is deemed probable that the underlying performance events will occur. All stock-based compensation
expense is classified within S, G   A expense in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. We do not believe there
is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a material change in the future estimates or assumptions we use to determine stock-based
compensation expense. 

Fair Value Measurements   

We measure and report
financial assets and liabilities at fair value on a recurring basis. Fair value is defined as the exchange price that would be
received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (referred to as an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market
for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. Valuation techniques
used to measure fair value must maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. The fair value
of our financial assets and liabilities is determined by using three levels of input, which are defined as follows: 

Level
    1:  
       
      Quoted
    prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities   

Level
    2:  
       
      Quoted
    prices in active markets for similar assets or liabilities, quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in
    markets that are not active, or inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liabilit y  

Level
    3:  
       
      Unobservable
    inputs for the asset or liability   

The categorization of
a financial instrument within the valuation hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair
value measurement. 

We utilize the market
approach to measure the fair value of our financial assets. As subjectivity exists with respect to many of the valuation techniques,
the fair value estimates we have disclosed may not equal prices that we may ultimately realize if the assets are sold or the liabilities
are settled with third parties. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

Following is a
summary of recent accounting pronouncements published by the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ). As noted
above, we have elected to delay the adoption of new and revised accounting pronouncements applicable to public companies until
such pronouncements are made applicable to private companies under provisions of the JOBS Act. 

In August 2016, the FASB
issued an update to the presentation of certain cash receipts and cash payments as presented and classified in the statement of
cash flows. The update provides amendments to the codification for eight specific cash flow issues such as the classification
of debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs to the classification of the proceeds from the settlement of insurance claims.
The amendments in this update are effective for public business entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15,
2017, and interim periods within those fiscal years. For all other entities, the amendments are effective for fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2018, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019. Early adoption is permitted,
including adoption in an interim period. We will adopt this guidance in reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018. We
are currently evaluating the impact of this guidance on our condensed consolidated financial statements. 

In March 2016, the FASB
issued an amendment to its accounting guidance for stock compensation as part of the FASB s simplification initiative. The
amendments affect all entities that issue share-based payment awards to their employees. The areas for simplification involve
several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification
of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows. Some of the areas for simplification
apply only to nonpublic entities. For public business entities, the amendments in this update are effective for annual
periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods. For all other entities, the amendments
are effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within annual periods beginning after
December 15, 2018. Early adoption is permitted for any entity in any interim or annual period. We will adopt this guidance in
reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017. We are currently evaluating the impact of this guidance on our condensed
consolidated financial statements. 

In February 2016, the
FASB issued an amendment to its accounting guidance for leases to increase transparency and comparability by requiring organizations
to recognize lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet and increasing disclosures about key leasing arrangements.
The amendment updates the critical determinant from capital versus operating to whether a contract is or contains a lease because
lessees are required to recognize lease assets and lease liabilities for all leases   financing and operating   other
than short term. The amendments in this update are effective for public business entities for fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 2018, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. We will adopt this guidance
in reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018. The impact of adopting this pronouncement on our condensed consolidated
financial statements will be immaterial. 

In May 2014, the FASB
issued an amendment to its accounting guidance related to revenue recognition. The amendment clarifies the principles for recognizing
revenue. The guidance is based on the principle that revenue is recognized to depict the transfer of goods or services to customers
in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services.
The guidance also requires additional disclosure about the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising
from customer contracts, including significant judgments and changes in the judgments and assets recognized from costs incurred
to obtain or fulfill a contract. For a public entity, the amendments in this update are effective for annual reporting
periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within that reporting period. For all other entities (nonpublic
entities), the amendments in this update are effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017,
and interim periods within annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018. Deferral of the Effective Date, defers the effective
date of this update by one year. Early adoption is not permitted. We will adopt this guidance in reporting periods beginning
after December 15, 2018. We are currently evaluating the impact of adopting this pronouncement on our condensed consolidated financial
statements. 

Carrier Concentration  

For the nine months ended
September 30, 2016, three carriers accounted for 64% of our premium equivalents and for the year ended December 31, 2015, two
carriers accounted for 70% of our premium equivalents. 

On October 1, 2016,
the Company came to mutual agreement with HCC Life Insurance Company, one of the three carriers represented above, to modify the
terms of our carrier contract. The Company no longer sells new HCC STM products through our third-party distributors. We continue
to write new HCC products through our company owned call center and AgileHealthInsurance.com. We do not expect this contract modification
to have a material impact, if any, on our company revenues. 

Legal and Other Contingencies  

The Company is subject
to legal proceedings, claims, and liabilities that arise in the ordinary course of business. Regardless of the outcome, litigation
can have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources and other factors. 

ITEM 3 QUANTITATIVE
AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK   

This item is not applicable
for smaller reporting companies. 

ITEM
4 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES   

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

Our management, with
the participation of our Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) and our Chief Financial Officer (principal financial
officer), evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2016. The term  disclosure
controls and procedures,  as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act means controls and other procedures
of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or
submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s
rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that
information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated
and communicated to the Company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how
well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and management necessarily applies
its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Based on the evaluation of our disclosure
controls and procedures as of September 30, 2016, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of
such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting   

There were no changes
in the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 that have materially
affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

PART
II OTHER INFORMATION  

ITEM 1 LEGAL
PROCEEDINGS  

The Company is subject
to legal proceedings, claims, and liabilities that arise in the ordinary course of business. Regardless of the outcome, litigation
can have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources and other factors. 

Demand Letter   

On May 2, 2016, we received
a letter from a law firm on behalf of a purported stockholder alleging that we violated the terms of our Long Term Incentive Plan
(the  LTIP ) by granting stock appreciation rights (SARs) in excess of the LTIP s annual per-person limits and
that we failed to disclose related material information in the proxy statement for our 2016 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the
 2016 Proxy Statement ). The demand letter, among other things, alleges that the Compensation Committee of the Board
of Directors granted SARs in excess of the LTIP s annual per-person limits to our President and Chief Executive Officer,
Patrick R. McNamee, and that the 2016 Proxy Statement failed to disclose that Mr. McNamee was granted awards in excess of the
LTIP limit. The letter demanded that our Board of Directors rescind the allegedly excess SARs and to make certain other disclosures. 

As the administrator of
the LTIP, the Compensation Committee has full power and authority to, among other things, interpret and administer the LTIP, including
any awards made under the LTIP. The Compensation Committee, in connection with the 725,000 SARs granted to Mr. McNamee, interpreted
the LTIP to permit the award of up to 200,000 SARs as well as up to 525,000 Other Stock-Based Awards, which may consist of SARs
or any other type of award, that qualify as  qualified performance-based compensation  under Section 162(m). Accordingly,
our Board of Directors believes that the SARs awarded to Mr. McNamee are fully consistent with the terms of the stockholder-approved
LTIP, and we have responded in writing to the law firm with this position. As a result of our communications with the law firm,
the law firm has withdrawn its demand on behalf of the stockholder, although the law firm has orally demanded the payment of $325,000
of legal fees based on certain supplemental disclosures made to our stockholders in advance of the 2016 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
relating to the amendment of the LTIP. The Company has rejected this demand, and as of September 30, 2016, the parties were engaged
in settlement discussions regarding this legal fee demand. The Company has offered and accrued $30,000 in connection with the
settlement however discussions are ongoing. 

On May 5, 2016, the Company
received a letter from another law firm on behalf of another purported stockholder alleging that, like the above-described letter,
the Company s grant of SARs to Mr. McNamee in 2015 exceeded the per-person annual limits of the LTIP (for the same reason
stated in the above-described letter). The Company has responded in the same manner, and rejected the second law firm s
allegation regarding the LTIP violation. 

State
Regulatory Examinations   

The Company has received
notification from the Indiana Department of Insurance that a multistate examination has been commenced providing for the review
of HCC Life Insurance Company s ( HCC ) short term medical plans, Affordable Care Act compliance, marketing,
and rate and form filing for all products. As the Company is a distributor of HCC products, the notification indicated that the
multistate examination will include a review of the activities of the Company and a review of whether the Company s practices
are in compliance with Indiana insurance law and the similar laws of other states participating in the examination. The Indiana
Department of Insurance will serve as the managing participant of the multistate examination, and the examination will include,
among other things, a review of whether HCC (and presumably the Company) has engaged in any unfair or deceptive acts or insurance
business practices. In addition to the multistate examination led by Indiana, we are aware that several other states, including
Arkansas, Florida, Kansas, Montana, Ohio, South Dakota, Texas and Massachusetts, are reviewing the sales practices and
potential unlicensed sale of insurance by third-party distributor call centers utilized by the Company. The Company is not aware
of any examination into the sales practices of the Company-owned call centers, although the Company cannot be certain that no
such investigation is occurring or will occur, and the Company is aware of and managing additional claims and inquiries that,
except as described below, it does not believe are material at this time. Except to the extent described below, it is too early
to determine whether any of these regulatory examinations will have a material impact on the Company. The Company is proactively
communicating and cooperating with all applicable regulatory agencies. 

Montana Regulatory Action   

The Company has also received
notification from the Office of the Montana State Auditor, Commissioner of Securities and Insurance ( CSI ) that an
administrative action has been initiated against it. The Company was among more than two dozen separate parties named by the CSI
in a Notice of Proposed Agency Action on May 12, 2016, that alleges potential violations of the Montana Insurance Code. The Notice,
directed to the Company as well as a large pool of third-party respondents ranging from very large companies to individual insurance
agents, indicated that the CSI was concerned with the possibility of unfair trade practices, potentially unlicensed insurance
practices, or agents that were not properly appointed to the insurance carriers for whom products were being offered. Seventeen
of the named parties, including the Company, have requested a hearing before the CSI to contest the state s allegations
and the Company is in the process of retrieving data and information to do so. The state has formally granted the Company s
request to be heard on the issues, and a neutral Hearing Officer experienced in the insurance industry, has been appointed to
hear the matter. This matter is at a very early stage of the investigative process and the Company has been cooperative with the
CSI while seeking to properly measure and gauge the potential of the allegations. 

While it is still too
early to assess whether the CSI s Notice and the investigation of these organizations and individuals will have a material
impact on the Company, the Company believes that based on nature of the allegations and evidence provided by the state of Montana
during the third quarter, a loss arising from the future assessment of a civil penalty against the Company is probable. Notwithstanding,
the Company is currently unable to either estimate the amount of any potential civil penalty, or determine a range of potential
loss, as the Company lacks insight into the events or factors that could assist the Company in estimating the amount of any potential
civil penalty or a range of potential loss related to such penalties. It is very possible that there may be no financial loss,
or a reasonable resolution reached with the CSI. The Company continues to regularly communicate and work closely with the CSI
in furtherance of bringing the matter towards a mutually satisfactory resolution. 

ITEM 1A RISK
FACTORS   

There were no material
changes to the risk factors disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, other than the following
new risk factor: 

Final HHS rule may have a material
adverse impact on future revenues.   

On June 10, 2016,
the Internal Revenue Service, the Employee Benefits Security Administration, and the U.S Department of Health and Human Services,
collectively  HHS,  proposed rule 2016-13583, that impacts STM insurance. On October 31, 2016, HHS published the rule
substantially as proposed despite opposition from significant stakeholders during the open comment period. The rule limits STM
duration to periods of less than three months including any period for which the policy may be renewed. The rule also requires
notification of non-compliance with the minimum essential coverage standards set forth in the Affordable Care Act. The rule goes
into effect on January 1, 2017 however neither HHS nor the states will enforce the rule regarding duration or renewal of STM plans
until April 1, 2017. This rule will likely have a material impact on revenues generated from the sale of STM products beginning
with our 2017 fiscal year but we are not yet able to determine the impact on total revenues, if any, as we will seek to mitigate
revenue losses, if any, by offering new products, by growing our already strong distribution channels and by continuing our direct-to-consumer
emphasis while simultaneously increasing operating leverage, although there is no assurance that such measures will fully offset
any revenue losses. 

ITEM 2 UNREGISTERED
SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS   

There were no unregistered
sales of equity securities during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

Share Repurchase
Plan  

On December 17, 2014,
our Board of Directors authorized us to purchase up to 800,000 shares of our registered Class A common stock under a repurchase
program which could remain in place until December 31, 2016. We have adopted a plan (the  Repurchase Plan ) under
Rule 10b5-1 of the Exchange Act, in connection with this authorization. The Repurchase Plan allows us to repurchase our shares
of Class A common stock at times when we otherwise might be prevented from doing so under insider trading laws or self-imposed
trading blackout periods. The Repurchase Plan commenced on December 19, 2014. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016,
we have not repurchased any shares of our registered Class A common stock under our Repurchase Plan as the plan was discontinued
in May 2015. 

Employee Awards  

Pursuant to certain
restricted stock award agreements, we allow the surrender of restricted shares by certain employees to satisfy statutory tax withholding
obligations on vested restricted stock awards. 

The following table lists our actual and
deemed share repurchases during the three months ended September 30, 2016: 

(1)  
      A
    total of 117,170 shares were repurchased under the Repurchase Plan before it was discontinued. We discontinued the Repurchase
    Plan in May 2015 but reserve the ability to adopt a new purchase plan in the future under the purchase program described above.   

(2)  
      Includes
    only shares that were surrendered by employees to satisfy statutory tax withholding obligations in connection with the vesting
    of stock-based compensation awards.   

ITEM
3 DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES   

None. 

ITEM
4 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES   

Not applicable. 

ITEM
5 OTHER INFORMATION   

Code of Business
Conduct and Ethics   

Our Board of Directors
has adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics for our business and our employees, officers and directors. We have posted a
copy of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics on our investor relations section of our website located at www.hiiquote.com.
We intend to post notice of any waiver from, or amendment to, any provision of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics on our
website. 

ITEM 6 EXHIBITS  

The following exhibits are filed herewith
or incorporated by reference herein: 

*  
      Document
    is filed with this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.    

**  
      Document
    is furnished with this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.   

#  
      Indicates
    management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.   

SIGNATURES   

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
thereunto duly authorized. 

HEALTH
    INSURANCE INNOVATIONS, INC.   

November 3, 2016  
       
          /s/ Patrick R. McNamee    

PATRICK
    R. MCNAMEE    

CHIEF
    EXECUTIVE OFFICER    

(PRINCIPAL
    EXECUTIVE OFFICER)    

November 3, 2016  
       
          /s/ Michael D. Hershberger    

MICHAEL
    D. HERSHBERGER    

CHIEF
    FINANCIAL OFFICER, SECRETARY AND TREASURER (PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER)    

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1    

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002    

I,
Patrick R. McNamee, certify that:  

1.
I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Health Insurance Innovations, Inc.;  

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report;  

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report;  

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

a)
designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

b)
designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

c)
evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and  

d)
disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that
has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting, and  

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions):  

a)
all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and  

b)
any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.  

Date:
November 3, 2016  

/s/
    Patrick. R. McNamee   

PATRICK R. MCNAMEE  

CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
    (Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2   

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002    

I,
Michael D. Hershberger, certify that:  

1.
I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Health Insurance Innovations, Inc.;  

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report;  

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report;  

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

a)
designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

b)
designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

c)
evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and  

d)
disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that
has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting, and  

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions):  

a)
all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and  

b)
any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.  

Date:
November 3, 2016  

/s/
    Michael D. Hershberger   

MICHAEL
    D. HERSHBERGER  

CHIEF
    FINANCIAL OFFICER, SECRETARY AND TREASURER 
    (Principal Financial Officer)  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 ex-32.htm

Exhibit
32   

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED   

   PURSUANT
TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   

Each
of the undersigned in connection with this quarterly report of Health Insurance Innovations, Inc. (the  Company )
on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date
hereof (the  Report ), certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that to the undersigned s knowledge:  

(1)
the Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m
or 78o(d)); and  

(2)
the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation
of the Company.  

Date:
November 3, 2016  

/s/
    Patrick R. McNamee   

PATRICK
    R. MCNAMEE  

CHIEF
    EXECUTIVE OFFICER  

(Principal
    Executive Officer)  

Date:
November 3, 2016  

/s/
    Michael D. Hershberger   

MICHAEL
    D. HERSHBERGER  

CHIEF
    FINANCIAL OFFICER, SECRETARY AND TREASURER  
    (Principal Financial Officer)  

This
certification accompanies the Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent
required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended.  

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Health Insurance Innovations, Inc. and
will be retained by Health Insurance Innovations, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon
request.  

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 hiiq-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 hiiq-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 hiiq-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 hiiq-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 hiiq-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 hiiq-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

