<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161104_10-Q_edgar_data_1439095_0001439095-16-000065_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4468668</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>106189</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>193486</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1445618</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1542815</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>863008</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>26</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001439095-16-000065.hdr.sgml : 20161104
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161104122156
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001439095-16-000065
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		54
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161104
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161104

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MRC GLOBAL INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001439095
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WHOLESALE-INDUSTRIAL MACHINERY & EQUIPMENT [5084]
		IRS NUMBER:				205956993
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35479
		FILM NUMBER:		161974298

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		FULBRIGHT TOWER
		STREET 2:		1301 MCKINNEY STREET, SUITE 2300
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77010
		BUSINESS PHONE:		877.294.7574

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		FULBRIGHT TOWER
		STREET 2:		1301 MCKINNEY STREET, SUITE 2300
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77010

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MCJUNKIN RED MAN HOLDING CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080702

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001439095-16-000065.txt : 20161104

10-Q
 1
 mrc-20160930x10q.htm
 10-Q

MRC 20160930 10-Q_Taxonomy2016

UNITED STATES   SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

___________________________________________ 

FORM 10-Q 

(Mark One) 

Commission file number: 001-35479 

MRC   Global Inc  .     (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(877) 294-7574     (  Registrant s Telephone Number, including Area Code  ) 

________________ 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes [ X]      No  [   ] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  Yes     [X]        No     [   ] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer [   X    ]          Accelerated filer  [   ]     Non-accelerated filer  [        ]        Smaller reporting company [   ]   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  Yes [   ]       No  [X] 

The Company s common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol  MRC .   There were   95,  298,276   shares of the registrant s common stock   (excluding   5  5  4  ,594   unvested restricted shares)  , par value $0.01 per share, issued and outstanding as of   October 28  , 201  6  . 

Table Of Contents  

INDEX TO QUARTERLY REPORT ON FORM 10-Q 

Table Of Contents  

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED   BALANCE SHEETS   (UNAUDITED) 

MRC GLOBAL INC. 

(in millions) 

1 

Table Of Contents  

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED   STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS   (UNAUDITED) 

MRC GLOBAL INC. 

(i  n millions, except per share amounts) 

See notes   to   condensed consolidated financial statements. 

2   

Table Of Contents  

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED   STATEMENTS OF OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME   (UNAUDITED) 

MRC GLOBAL INC. 

(i  n mi  llions  ) 

See notes to   condensed consolidated financial statements. 

3   

Table Of Contents  

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED   STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   (UNAUDITED) 

MRC GLOBAL INC. 

(i  n mi  llions  ) 

Nine Months Ended  

September 30,   

September 30,   

2016  

2015  

Operating activities  

Net (loss) income  

$                 (65)  

$                    61  

Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash provided by operations:  

Depreciation and amortization  
				 
				 16 

15 

Amortization of intangibles  
				 
				 35 

46 

Equity-based compensation expense  
				 
				 9 

8 

Deferred income tax benefit  
				 
				 (12)

(17)

Amortization of debt issuance costs  
				 
				 3 

3 

Write off of debt issuance costs  

-  

3 

Decrease in LIFO reserve  
				 
				 (7)

(30)

Inventory-related charges  
				 
				 45 

-  

Provision for uncollectible accounts  
				 
				 2 

2 

Foreign currency losses  
				 
				 1 

4 

Other non-cash items  
				 
				 2 

-  

Changes in operating assets and liabilities:  

Accounts receivable  
				 
				 88 

283 

Inventories  
				 
				 119 

289 

Other current assets  
				 
				 1 

(3)

Income taxes payable  
				 
				 (2)

(5)

Accounts payable  
				 
				 11 

(136)

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities  
				 
				 (16)

(42)

Net cash provided by operations  
				 
				 230 

481 

Investing activities  

Purchases of property, plant and equipment  
				 
				 (24)

(24)

Proceeds from the disposition of property, plant and equipment  
				 
				 1 

1 

Proceeds from the disposition of non-core product line  
				 
				 48 

-  

Other investing activities  

-  

(4)

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities  
				 
				 25 

(27)

Financing activities  

Payments on revolving credit facilities  
				 
				 (32)

(1,102)

Proceeds from revolving credit facilities  
				 
				 32 

567 

Payments on long-term obligations  
				 
				 (6)

(256)

Proceeds from issuance of preferred stock, net of issuance costs  

-  

355 

Purchase of common stock  
				 
				 (88)

-  

Dividends paid on preferred stock  
				 
				 (18)

(4)

Debt issuance costs paid  

-  

(1)

Net cash used in financing activities  
				 
				 (112)

(441)

Increase in cash  
				 
				 143 

13 

Effect of foreign exchange rate on cash  
				 
				 1 

(5)

Cash -- beginning of period  
				 
				 69 

25 

Cash -- end of period  

$               213  

$                    33  

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information:  

Cash paid for interest  

$                 23  

$                    35  

Cash paid for income taxes  

$                   8  

$                    70  

See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements.  

4   

Table Of Contents  

NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (UNAUDITED  ) 

MRC GLOBAL INC. 

NOTE 1   BACKGROUND AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION 

Business Operations  :    MRC Global Inc. is a holding company headquartered in Houston, Texas. Our wholly owned subsidiaries are global distributors of pipe, valves, fittings   ( PVF )   and related products and services across each of the upstream (exploration, production and extraction of underground oil and gas), midstream (gathering and transmission of oil and gas, gas utilities, and the storage and distribution of oil and gas) and downstream (crude oil refining   and   petrochemical processing) sectors. We have branches in principal industrial, hydrocarbon producing and refining areas throughout the United States, Canada, Europe, Asia  ,   Australasia  , the Middle East and Caspian  . Our products are obtained from a broad range of suppliers.  

Basis of Presentation  :    We have prepared our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements in accordance with Rule 10-01 of Regulation S-X for interim financial statements.  These statements do not include all information and footnotes that generally accepted accounting principles require for complete annual financial statements. However, the information in these statements reflects all normal recurring adjustments which are, in our opinion, necessary for a fair presentation of the results for the interim periods. The results of operations for the   three and nine   months   ended   September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results that will be realized for the fiscal year ending   December 31, 2016  .  We have derived our condensed consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2015 from the audited   consolidated   financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2015.  You should read these condensed consolidated financial statements in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of MRC Global Inc. and its wholly owned and majority owned subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the  Company  or by such terms as  we,   our  or  us ). All material intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.   

Reclassifications  :    Certain prior-period amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation, which includes the adoption of Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2015-03   Interest-Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 855-30): Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs  .     

Recent Accounting Pronouncements  :    In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued   ASU   2014-09,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606).   ASU 2014-09 provides comprehensive guidance on the recognition of revenue from customers arising from the transfer of goods and services. The ASU also provides guidance on accounting for certain contract costs and requires new disclosures. The FASB voted to defer the effective date of ASU 2014-09 by one year to annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within that reporting period.    We are   currently evaluating   the effect of the adoption of ASU 2014-09 on our consolidated financial statements and the implementation approach to be used.    

In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-11,   Inventory (Topic 330): Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory  . ASU 2015-11 provides guidance on simplifying the measurement of inventory. The current standard is to measure inventory at lower of cost or market; where market could be replacement cost, net realizable value or net realizable value less an approximately normal profit margin. ASU 2015-11 updates this guidance to measure inventory at the lower of cost or net realizable value; where net realizable value is considered to be the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable cost of completion, disposal and transportation. We expect to adopt this guidance in 2017. This amendment is not expected to have a material impact on the Company's financial position, results of operation  s   or cash flows.    

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,   Leases,   which will replace the existing guidance in ASC 870,   Leases.    This ASU requires a dual approach for lessee accounting under which a lessee would account for leases as finance leases or operating leases.  Both finance leases and operating leases will result in the lessee recognizing a right-of-use asset and a corresponding lease liability.  For finance leases, the lessee would recognize interest expense and amortization of the right-of-use asset, and for operating leases, the lessee would recognize a straight-line total lease expense.    This guidance is effective for annual and interim reporting periods of public entities beginning after December 15, 2018.    We are   in the process of evaluating   the effect of the adoption of ASU 2016-02 on our consolidated financial results. 

In Ma  rch 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,   Compensation - Stock Compensation  , which simplifies the accounting for the taxes related to stock based compensation. Under the standard, excess tax benefits and certain tax deficiencies will no longer be recorded in additional paid-in capital ( APIC ), and APIC pools will be eliminated.  Instead, all excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies will be recorded as income tax expense or benefit in the income statement.  In addition, excess tax benefits are  

5   

Table Of Contents  

required to be presented as operating activities rather than financing activities in the statement of cash flows.  This guidance is   effective for annual and interim reporting periods of public entities beginning after December 15, 2016  .    This amendment is not expected to have a material impact on the Company's financial position, results of operation  s   or cash flows. 

In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15  ,    Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments.   This ASU addresses the following eight specific cash flow issues: Debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs; settlement of zero-coupon debt instruments or other debt instruments with coupon interest rates that are insignificant in relation to the effective interest rate of the borrowing; contingent consideration payments made after a business combination; proceeds from the settlement of insurance claims; proceeds from the settlement of corporate-owned life insurance policies (including bank-owned life insurance policies); distributions received from equity method investees; beneficial interests in securitization transactions; and separately identifiable cash flows and application of the predominance principle. This standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017.   This amendment is not expected to have a material impact on the Company's financial position, results of operation  s   or cash flows. 

NOTE   2     INVENTORIES       

The com  position of our inventory is as follows (in   millions  )  : 

O  ur inventory quantities   are expected to be   reduced   for the year  , resulting in a liquidation of a   last-in, first out (   LIFO   )   inventory layer that was carried at a lower cost prevailing from a prior year, as compared with current costs in the current year (a  LIFO decrement ). A LIFO decrement results in the erosion of layers created in earlier   years, and, therefore, a LIFO layer is not created for years that have decrements.   For the three and   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , the effec  t of this LIFO decrement decreased cost of sales by   approximately   $  8   million and   $  11   million, respectively  . For the three and nine months   ended   September 30, 201  5  ,   the effect   of this LIFO decrement   increased   cost of sales by approximately     $  4     millio  n   and   $8   million, respectively  .   

In the third   quarter of 2016, we incurred   inventory  -related   charge  s   totaling   $45   million.  These charges reflect adjustments necessary to reduce the carrying value of certain products   det  ermined to be excess or obsolete   to their estimated net realizable value based on our current   market   outlook   for certain products  .    This amount includes   $24   million in the International segment primarily related to a restructuring of our Australian business and market con  ditions in Iraq.  R  eserves for excess and obsolete inventory were increased in the U.S. and Canada by   $16   million and   $5   million, respectively. 

6   

Table Of Contents  

NOTE   3     LONG-TERM DEBT 

The components of our long-term debt are as follows (in   millions  ): 

Senior Secured Term Loan B  :    W  e have a   seven     year Senior Secured   Term Loan B (the  Term Loan )   with an original principal amount of   $79  4   million which amortizes in equal quarterly installments of   1%   per year with the balance payable in   November 2019   when the facility matures.        Subject to securing additional lender commitments, t  he Term Loan allows for incremental increases   in facility size   up to an aggregate of   $200   million, plus an additional amount such that the Company s senior secured leverage ratio (as defined under the Term Loan) would not exceed   3.50   to 1.00.    MRC Global (US) Inc. is the borrower under this facility, which   is guaranteed by   MRC Global Inc.   as well as all of   its   wholly owned U.S. subsidiaries.  In addition, it is secured by a second lien on the assets securing our Global ABL Facility (which includes accounts receivable, inventory and related assets) and a first lien on substantially all of   the   other assets   of MRC Global Inc.   and those of   its   U.S. subsidiaries, as well as a pledge of all of the capital stock of our domestic subsidiaries and     65  %   of the capital stock of first tier, non-U.S. subsidiaries.    In certain circumstances, we are required to repay the Term Loan with certain asset sales and insurance proceeds, certain debt proceeds and   50%   of excess cash flow (reducing to   25%   if our senior secured leverage ratio is no more than   2.75   to 1.00 and   0%   if our senior secured leverage ratio is no more than   2.50   to 1.00).  In addition, the Term Loan   contains a number of customary restrictive covenants. 

The interest rate for the Term Loan  , including the amortization of original issue discount and debt issuance costs,   was   5.41  %     as of September 30, 2016 and     4.98%   at   December 31, 2015  . 

On November 2, 2016, the company provided notice of intent to voluntarily repay   $100   million of the Term Loan with available cash on hand and expects to make the voluntary repayment on November 7, 2016.  

Global ABL Facility  :    We have a   $1.  0  5    b  illion multi-currency global asset-based revolving credit facility (the  Global ABL Facility ) that matures in   July   201  9  . This facility is comprised of   $977   million in revolver commitments in the United States,     $30 m  illion in Norway,     $  2  0   million in Canada,   $5   million in the United Kingdom,   $10   million in Australia,   $4   million in th  e Netherlands and   $4   million in Belgium. It contains an accordion feature that allows us to increase the principal amount of the facility by up to   $300     million  , subject to securing additional lender commitments.      MRC Global Inc.   and each of   its   current and future wholly owned material U.S. subsidiaries guarantee the obligations of our borrower subsidiaries under the Global ABL Facility.     Additionally, each of our non-U.S. borrower subsidiaries guarantees the obligations of our other non-U.S. borrower subsidiaries under the Global ABL Facility. Outstanding obligations are generally secured by a first priority security interest in accounts receivable, inventory and related assets.   
		 
			 Excess A  vailability  , as defined   under our Global ABL Facility  ,   was   $  475   million as of September 30, 2016. 

Debt Issuance Costs  :    In the first quarter of 2016, we adopted ASU No. 2015-03     Interest-Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 855-30): Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs  .  This ASU requires that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability consistent with debt discounts.  As a result of the adoption, we have reclassified debt issuance costs associated with our Term Loan of   $5   million as of December 31, 2015, from other assets to long term debt in our balance sheet.  Accordingly, long term debt reported as   $524   million at December 31, 2015 has been revised to   $519   million.  Debt issuance costs associated with our Global ABL Facility will continue to be presented in other assets.  These amounts were   $  7   million and   $8   milli  on   as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.  

NOTE 4       INCOME   TAXES 

For interim periods, our income tax benefit or expense is computed based upon our estimated annual effective tax rate. Our effective tax rates for the three and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   were   5  % and   1  2%, respectively. The effective tax rates for the three and   nine months   ended     September 30, 2015   were   56  % and   43  %, respectively. The decrease in our 2016 effective tax rates below their customary levels is the result of a lower expected tax rate for the full year of   1  2  %     primarily due  

7   

Table Of Contents  

to an increase in forecasted pre-tax losses across all segments, combined with an increase of the relative significance of pre-tax losses in certain foreign jurisdictions where the losses have no corresponding tax benefit  .   

NOTE 5       DISPOSITION OF NON-CORE PRODUCT LINE 

In February 2016, we   completed the disposition   of our U.S. oil country tubular goods ( OCTG ) product line   for   $48   million  . As a result of this transaction, we incurred a loss of   $5   million that was reflected in our   fourth quarter   2015 results  .  Net of reserves, including LIFO and an adjustment to write the inventory down to its net realizable value, the carrying value of the     U.S. OCTG inventories as of December 31, 2015 was   $50   million.  

NOTE 6       REDEEMABLE PREFERRED STOCK 

Preferred Stock Issuance 

In June 2015, we issued   363,000   shares of Series A Convertible Perpetual Preferred Stock (the  Preferred Stock ) and received gross proceeds of   $363   million. The Preferred Stock ranks senior to our common stock with respect to dividend rights and rights on liquidation, winding-up and dissolution. The Preferred Stock has a stated value of   $1,000   per share, and holders of Preferred Stock are entitled to cumulative dividends payable quarterly in cash at a rate of   6.50%   per annum. Holders of Preferred Stock are entitled to vote together with the holders of the common stock as a single class, in each case, on an as-converted basis, except where a separate class vote of the common stockholders is required by law. Holders of Preferred Stock have certain limited special approval rights, including with respect to the issuance of pari passu or senior equity securities of the Company.  

The Preferred Stock is convertible at the option of the holders into shares of common stock at an initial conversion rate of   55.9284   shares of common stock for each share of Preferred Stock, which represents an initial conversion price of approximately   $17.88   per share of common stock, subject to adjustment. On or after the fifth anniversary of the initial issuance of the Preferred Stock, the Company will have the option to redeem, in whole but not in part, all the outstanding shares of Preferred Stock, subject to certain redemption price adjustments on the basis of the date of the conversion. We may elect to convert the Preferred Stock, in whole but not in part, into the relevant number of shares of common stock on or after the 54th month after the initial issuance of the Preferred Stock if the last reported sale price of the common stock has been at least   150%   of the conversion price then in effect for a specified period. The conversion rate is subject to customary anti-dilution and other adjustments.  

Holders of the Preferred Stock may, at their option, require the Company to repurchase their shares in the event of a fundamental change, as defined in the agreement.  The repurchase price is based on the original $1,000 per share purchase price except in the case of a liquidation in which case they would receive the greater of $1,000 per share and the amount that would be received if they held common stock converted at the conversion rate in effect at the time of the fundamental change.  Because this feature could require redemption as a result of the occurrence of an event not solely within the control of the Company, the Preferred Stock is classified as temporary equity on our balance sheet. 

8   

Table Of Contents  

NOTE   7     STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY 

Share   Repurchase Program 

In November 2015  , the Company s board of directors authorized a share repurchase program for common stock up to   $100     millio  n, which was increased in November 2016 to   $125   million.  The program is scheduled to expire on December 31, 2017.    The shares   may be   repurchased at management s discretion in the open market.    Depending on market conditions and other factors, these repurchases may be commenced or suspended from time to time without prior notice.   

In total, we have acquired   7,215,774   shares under this program at a total cost of   $100   million.  There were   95,297,427   shares of common stock outstanding as of September 30, 2016. 

Equity Compensation Plans 

Our 2011 Omnibus Incentive Plan   originally had   3  ,250,000   shares reserved for issuance   under   the plan.    In April 2015, our shareholders approved an additional   4,250,000   shares for reservation for issuance under the plan.    The plan permits the issuance of stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance shares, performance units and other stock-based and cash-based awards.  Since the adoption of the 2011 Omnibus Incentive Plan, the Company s Board of Directors has periodically granted stock options  ,   restricted stock   awards, restricted stock units and performance share units   to directors and employees.  Options and stock appreciation rights may not be granted at prices less than the fair market value   of our common stock   on the date of the grant, nor for a term exceeding   ten   years. For employees, vesting generally occurs   ratably   over a   three   to   five   year period on the anniversaries of the date specified in the employees  respective   stock option, restricted stock award, restricted stock unit and performance share unit award   agreement  s  , subject to accelerated vesting under certain circumstances set forth in the agreements. Vesting for directors generally occurs   on the     on  e  -y  ear        anniversary of the grant date  . In 201  6  ,    103,701   shares of restricted   stock,   344,9  22   performance share unit   awards and   1,151,  340   restricted stock units   have been     granted   to employees  .    To date  , before consideration of forfeitures  ,     5,08  7,035     shares   have been granted to management, members of our Board of Directors and key employees under this plan.    A Monte Carlo simulation is completed to estimate the fair value of performance share unit awards with a stock price performance component.    A Black-Scholes option-pricing model is used to estimate the fair value of the stock options.        We expense the fair value of   all equity   grants  , including performance share unit awards,   on a straight-line basis over the vesting period.     

9   

Table Of Contents  

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss    

Accumulated other comprehensive loss in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets consists of the following (in millions): 

Earnings per Share    

Earnings per share are calculated in the table below (in   millions  , except per share amounts).   

Equity awards and shares of Preferred Stock   are disregarded in the calculation   of diluted earnings per share   if they are determined to be anti-dilutive.    For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, all of the shares of the Preferred Stock were anti-dilutive.    For the   three and nine   months ended September 30, 2016  , we had approximately   3.7     million   and   3.6   million anti-dilutive stock options, respectively.    For the   three and nine   months ended September 30, 201  5, we had approximately   3.8     million   anti-dilutive stock options. T  here w  ere     1.0   mi  llion     and   no     anti-dilutive restricted stock  , restricted units or performance stock unit awards   for the   three   months ended September 30, 2016 and   2015  ,     respec  tively  .    T  here w  ere     0.8     mi  llion     and   no     anti-dilutive restricted stock  , restricted units or performance stock unit awards   for the     nine months ended   September   30,     2016 and   2015  , respectively  .       

NOTE   8     SEGMENT INFORMATION 

We operate as   four   business segments  :   U.S.   East and Gulf Coast  ,   U.S. West,   Canada and International. Our International segment consists of our operations outside of the U.S. and Canada. These segments represent our business of selling   PVF   to the energy sector across each of the upstream (exploration, production and extraction of underground oil and gas), midstream (gathering and transmission of oil and gas, gas utilities, and the storage and distribution of oil and gas) and downstream (crude oil refining and petrochemical processing) markets.    Our   two   U.S. operating segments have been aggregated into a   single   reportable segment based on their economic similarities.  As a result, we report segment information for the U.S., Canada and International. 

Prior to organizational changes that occurred in April 2016, our U.S. business consisted of a single operating segment.  As a result of the separation of U.S. segment into two distinct operating segments based on our new management structure, we completed an interim goodwill impairment test  ,   as of April 1, 2016  ,   and concluded that no indication of impairment existed as the fair values of each U.S. reporting unit significantly exceeded its carrying value. 

10   

Table Of Contents  

The following table presents financial information for each   reportable   segment (in millions): 

Included in the operating results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 are inventory  -related   charges of   $45     million   including   $16   million,   $5   million and   $24   million in the U.S., Canada, and International segments, respectively. 

Our sales by product line are as follows (in   millions  ): 

(1)      As a result of the disposition of our U.S. OCTG product line, as described in Note 5, pre-disposition OCTG sales of $18 million have been included within line pipe sales for the   nine   months ended September 30, 2016.    

11   

Table Of Contents  

NOTE   9     FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS 

From time to time, we use derivative financial instruments to help manage our exposure to interest rate risk and fluctuations in foreign currencies. All of   our derivative instruments are freestanding and, accordingly, changes in their fair market value are recorded in earnings.  As of September 30, 2016, we do not have any interest rate swap agreements. Foreign exchange forward contracts   and options   are reported at fair value utilizing Level 2 inputs, as the fair value is based on broker quotes for the same or similar derivative instruments. The total notional amount of our forward foreign exchange contracts   and options   was approximately     $40     million and     $41     million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.  We had approximate  ly   $0     million   recorded as   liabilities   on our consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2016 and   December   31  ,   2015.  

With the exception of long-term debt, the fair values of our financial instruments, including cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, trade accounts payable and accrued liabilities approximate carrying value.  The carrying value of our debt was     $515     million   and   $  519      m  il  lion     at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.  We estimate the fair value of the Term Loan using Level 2 inputs, or quoted market prices.  The fair value of our debt was   $513     million and   $510     million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, re  spectively.    

NOTE   10     COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES  

Litigation    

As  bestos Claims.      We are one of many defendants in lawsuits that plaintiffs have brought seeking damages for personal injuries that exposure to asbestos allegedly caused. Plaintiffs and their family members have brought these lawsuits against a large volume of defendant entities as a result of the defendants  manufacture, distribution, supply or other involvement with asbestos, asbestos containing-products or   equipment or activities that allegedly caused plaintiffs to be exposed to asbestos.  These plaintiffs typically assert exposure to asbestos as a consequence of third-party manufactured products   that our MRC Global (US) Inc. subsidiary   purportedly distributed.  As of   September 30, 2016  , we are named a defendant in approximately   512    l  awsuits involving   approximately   1,1  32   claims  .  No asbestos lawsuit has resulted in a judgment against us to date, with a majority being settled, dismissed or otherwise resolved.  Applicable third-party insurance has substantially covered these claims, and insurance should continue to cover a substantial majority of existing and anticipated future claims.  Accordingly, we have recorded a liability for our estimate of the most likely settlement of asserted claims and a related receivable from insurers for our estimated recovery, to the extent we believe that the amounts of recovery are probable.  It is not possible to predict the outcome of these claims and proceedings. However, in our opinion  , th  e likelihood that the ultimate disposition of any of these claims and legal   proceeding  s     will   have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial statements   is remote  . 

Other Legal Claims and Proceedings.      From time to time, we have been subject to various claims and involved in legal proceedings incidental to the nature of our businesses. We maintain insurance coverage to reduce financial risk associated with certain of these claims and proceedings. It is not possible to predict the outcome of these claims and proceedings. However, in our opinion, th  e likelihood that the ultimate disposition of any of these claims and legal   proceeding  s     will   have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial statements   is remote. 

Product Claims.      From time to time, in the ordinary course of our business, our customers may claim that the products that we distribute are either defective or require repair or replacement under warranties that either we or the manufacturer may provide to the customer. These proceedings are, in the opinion of management, ordinary and routine matters incidental to our normal business. Our purchase orders with our suppliers generally require the manufacturer to indemnify us against any product liability claims, leaving the manufacturer ultimately responsible for these claims. In many cases, state, provincial or foreign law provides protection to distributors for these sorts of claims, shifting the responsibility to the manufacturer. In some cases, we could be required to repair or replace the products for the benefit of our customer and seek our recovery from the manufacturer for our expense. In our opinion, th  e likelihood that the ultimate disposition of any of these claims and legal   proceeding  s     will   have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial statements   is remote  .   

Weatherford Claim.    In addition to PVF, our Canad  ian   subsidiary, Midfield Supply ( Midfield ), now known as MRC   Global (Canada) ULC  , also distributed progressive cavity pumps and related equipment ( PCPs ) under a distribution agreement with Weatherford Canada Partnership ( Weatherford ) within a certain geographical area located in southern Alberta, Canada.    I  n late 2005 and early 2006, Midfield hired new employees, including   former   Weatherford   employees  , as part of Midfield s desire to expand its PVF business into northern Alberta.  Shortly thereafter, many of these employees left Midfield and formed a PCP manufacturing, distribution and service company named Europump Systems Inc. ( Europump ) in 2006.    A subsidiary of Halliburton Company purchased Europump in 2014.    The distribution agreement with Weatherford expired in 2006.  Midfield  

12   

Table Of Contents  

supplied Europump with PVF products that Europump distributed along with PCP pumps.  In April 2007, Midfield purchased Europump s distribution branches and began distributing and servicing Europump PCPs. 

Pursuant to a complaint that Weatherford filed on April 11, 2006 in the Court of Queen s Bench of Alberta, Judicial Bench of Edmonton (Action No. 060304628), Weatherford sued Europump, three of Europump s part suppliers, Midfield, certain current and former employees of Midfield,   and   other   related   entities, asserting a host of claims including breach of contract, breach of fiduciary duty, misappropriation of confidential information related to the PCPs, unlawful interference with economic relations and conspiracy.  The Company denies these allegations and contends that Midfield s expansion and subsequent growth was the result of fair competition.   

From 2006 through 2012, the case focused largely on Weatherford s questioning of defense witnesses.  In 2013, the defendants began substantive questioning of Weatherford and its witnesses.  Discovery is ongoing and expected to last through 2016.    In April 2016, the court dismissed   two   suppliers from the case.  Weatherford has appealed this dismissal.    The case is scheduled for trial in   March 2018  .   

While the Company believes Weatherford s claims are without merit and we intend to defend against them vigorously, in November 2015, the Company filed with the Court a formal offer of settlement for   $2   million plus one half of the Weatherford party s costs and interest under the   Judgment Interest A  ct   and reserved   $  3   million   for   the offer.  Weatherford declined to accept the offer.   

Customer Contracts 

We have contracts and agreements with many of our customers that dictate certain terms of our sales arrangements (pricing, deliverables, etc.). While we make every effort to abide by the terms of these contracts, certain provisions are complex and often subject to varying interpretations. Under the terms of these contracts, our customers have the right to audit our adherence to the contract terms. Historically, any settlements that have resulted from these customer audits have not been material to our consolidated financial statements. 

Purchase Commitments 

We ha  v  e purchase obligations consisting primarily of inventory purchases made in the normal course of business to meet operating needs. While our vendors often allow us to cancel these purchase orders without penalty, in certain cases, cancellations may subject us to cancellation fees or penalties depending on the terms of the contract  . 

NOTE   11        RESTRUCTURING 

In August 2016, we announced a plan to restructure and downsize our Australian operations in response to the continued downturn in the oil and gas and mining industries in the region.  As a result of this plan, we   originally   expected   to incur pre-tax charges of   $18   milli  on to   $24   million  , including cash expenditures of   $11   million to   $14   million.  Components of these costs included     $7   million to   $10   million in   inventory-related charges,   $6   million to   $7   million i  n   lease termination costs,   $3   million to   $4   million for   facilities relocations, and   $2   million to   $3   million for   employee   severance.    In the third quarter of 2016, we recorded   $10   million of charges associated with this plan, including   $9   million of inventory-related charges and   $1   million of employee severance.    In the statement of operations, inventory-related charges are reflected in cost of sales while all other costs are reflected in selling, general and administrative expenses.     We expect to incur an additional   $8   million to   $10   million of charges in the fourth quarter.    The plan is expected to be completed by the first quarter of 2017.   

13   

Table Of Contents  

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations in conjunction with our financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this report. This discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions.   As used in this Form 10-Q, unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, all references to the  Company ,  MRC Global ,  we ,  our  or  us  refer to MRC Global Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries.    All references throughout this section (and elsewhere in this report) to amounts available for borrowing under various credit facilities refer to amounts actually available for borrowing after giving effect to   any borrowing base limitations   that   the facility   imposes  .   

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (  as well as other sections of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q  ) contain forward-looking statements     within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ).  Forward-looking statements include those preceded by, followed by or including the words  will,   expect,   intended,   anticipated,   believe,   project,   forecast,   propose,   plan,   estimate,   enable,  and similar expressions  , including, for example, statements about our business strategy, our industry, our future profitability, growth in the industry sectors we serve, our expectations, beliefs, plans, strategies, objectives, prospects and assumptions, and estimates and projections of future activity and trends in the oil and natural gas industry. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. These statements are based on management s expectations that involve a number of business risks and uncertainties, any of which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in or implied by the forward-looking statements. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, most of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond our control, including the factors described under  Risk Factors , that may cause our actual results and performance to be materially different from any future results or performance expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Such risks and uncertainties include, among other things  :   

decreases in oil and natural gas prices; 

decreases in oil and natural gas industry expenditure levels, which may result from decreased oil and natural gas prices or other factors;  

increased usage of alternative fuels, which may negatively affect oil and natural gas industry expenditure levels;  

U.S. and international general economic conditions;  

our ability to compete successfully with other companies in our industry;  

the risk that manufacturers of the products we distribute will sell a substantial amount of goods directly to end users in the industry sectors we serve;  

unexpected supply shortages;  

cost increases by our suppliers;  

our lack of long-term contracts with most of our suppliers;   

suppliers  price reductions of products that we sell, which could cause the value of our inventory to decline;  

decreases in steel prices, which could significantly lower our profit;  

increases in steel prices, which we may be unable to pass along to our customers which could significantly lower our profit;  

our lack of long-term contracts with many of our customers and our lack of contracts with customers that require minimum purchase volumes;  

changes in our customer and product mix;  

risks related to our customers  creditworthiness;  

the success of our acquisition strategies; 

the potential adverse effects associated with integrating acquisitions into our business and whether these acquisitions will yield their intended benefits;  

our indebtedness;  

the dependence on our subsidiaries for cash to meet our obligations;  

changes in our credit profile;  

14   

Table Of Contents  

a decline in demand for certain of the products we distribute if import restrictions on these products are lifted;  

environmental, health and safety laws and regulations and the interpretation or implementation thereof;  

the sufficiency of our insurance policies to cover losses, including liabilities arising from litigation;  

product liability claims against us;  

pending or future asbestos-related claims against us;  

the potential loss of key personnel;  

interruption in the proper functioning of our information systems;  

t  he occurrence of cybersecurity incidents  ; 

loss of third-party transportation providers;  

potential inability to obtain necessary capital;  

risks related to adverse weather events or natural disasters;  

impairment of our goodwill or other intangible assets;  

adverse changes in political or economic conditions in the countries in which we operate;  

exposure to U.S. and international laws and regulations, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the U.K. Bribery Act and other economic sanctions programs;  

r  isks associated with international instability and geopolitical developments; 

risks relating to ongoing evaluations of internal controls required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act;   

the impact on us of changes in U.S. generally accepted accounting principles or tax laws   or adverse positions taken by taxing authorities in the countries in which the company operates  ;   

our intention not to pay dividends   on our common stock  ; and 

compliance with and changes in laws and regulations in the countries in which we operate. 

Undue reliance should not be placed on our forward-looking statements. Although forward-looking statements reflect our good faith beliefs, reliance should not be placed on forward-looking statements because they involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from anticipated future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, changed circumstances or otherwise, except to the extent law requires.  

Overview 

We are the largest global industrial distributor, based on sales, of   pipe, valves, and fittings     (   PVF   )   and related products and services to the energy industry and hold a leading position in our industry across each of the upstream (exploration, production and extraction of underground oil and natural gas), midstream (gathering and transmission of oil and natural gas, natural gas utilities and the storage and distribution of oil and natural gas) and downstream (crude oil refining, petrochemical and chemical, processing and general industrials) sectors. Our business is segregated into three   geographic reportable   segments, consisting of our U.S.,   Canad  a   and   International operations. We serve our customers   from approximately   300   service locations. We offer a wide array of PVF and oilfield supplies encompassing a complete line of products from our   global network of over 13,000   suppliers to   our   more than   19  ,000   customers. We are diversified by geography, the industry sectors we serve and the products we sell. We seek to provide best-in-class service to our customers by satisfying the most complex, multi-site needs of many of the largest compani  es in the energy   sector   as their primary PVF supplier. We believe the critical role we play in our customers  supply chain, together with our extensive product offering, broad global presence, customer-linked scalable information systems and efficient distribution capabilities, serve to solidify our long-standing customer relationships and drive our growth. As a result, we have an   average relationship of over 2  5   years with our 25 largest customers.  

15   

Table Of Contents  

Key Drivers of Our Business  

Our revenues are predominantly derived from the sale of PVF and other oilfield and industrial supplies to the energy sector globally. Our business is therefore dependent upon both the current conditions and future prospects in the energy industry and, in particular, maintenance and expansionary operating and capital expenditures by our customers in the upstream, midstream and downstream secto  rs of the industry. We     have seen customer spending fall off significantly beginning in late 2014 and continuing through the present time as a result of lower oil and natural gas price  s  .       L  ong-term growth in spending has been driven by several factors, including underinvestment in global energy infrastructure, growth in shale and unconventional exploration and production ( E P ) activity, and anticipated strength in the oil, natural gas, refined products and petrochemical sectors.   The outlook for future oil, natural gas, refined products and petrochemical PVF spending is influenced by numerous factors, including the following:  

Oil and Natural Gas Prices.   Sales of PVF and related products to the oil and natural gas industry constitute a significant portion of our sales. As a result, we depend upon the oil and natural gas industry and its ability and willingness to make maintenance and capital expenditures to explore for, produce and process oi  l,   natural gas and refined products. Oil and natural gas prices, both current and projected, along with the costs necessary to produce oil and gas, impact other drivers of our business, including   capital   spending   by customers  , additions and maintenance to pipeline mileage, refinery utilization and petrochemical processing activity.  

Economic Conditions.   The demand for the products we distribute is dependent on the general economy, the energy sector and other factors. Changes in the general economy or in the energy sector (domestically or internationally) can cause demand for the products we distribute to materially change.  

Customer, Manufacturer and Distributor Inventory Levels of PVF and Related Products.   Customer, manufacturer and distributor inventory levels of PVF and related products can change significantly from period to period. Increases in our customers  inventory levels can have an adverse effect on the demand for the products we distribute when customers draw from their inventory rather than purchase new products. Reduced demand, in turn, would likely result in reduced sales volume and profitability. Increased inventory levels by manufacturers or other distributors can cause an oversupply of PVF and related products in the industry sectors we serve and reduce the prices that we are able to charge for the products we distribute. Reduced prices, in turn, would likely reduce our profitability. Conversely, decreased customer and manufacturer inventory levels may ultimately lead to increased demand for our products and would likely result in increased sales volumes and overall profitability.  

Steel Prices, Availability and Supply and Demand.   Fluctuations in steel prices can lead to volatility in the pricing of the products we distribute, especially carbon steel tubular products, which can influence the buying patterns of our customers. A majority of the products we distribute contain various types of steel. The worldwide supply and demand for these products, or other steel products that we do not supply, impacts the pricing and availability of our products and, ultimately, our sales and operating profitability.  

Recent Trends and Outlook    

During the first   nine   months of   2016  , the average oil price of West Texas Intermediate ( WTI ) decreased   to $  41.35   per barrel f  rom   $  50.94     per barrel in the first   nine   months of   2015.   Natural gas prices decreased to an average price of $  2.34  /Mcf (Henry Hub) for the first   nine   months of   2016     compared to   $  2.80  /Mcf (Henry Hub) for the first   nine   months of   2015  .        North American drilling r  ig activity decreased     53%   in the first   nine   months of 2016 as compared to the first   nine   months of 2015  . 

R  ecent exploration and production spending forecast  s     continue to indicate   that customer spending in 2016 will be down   25-30% globally, including 40-45  % in the U.S.  This follows   a 21% decline in 2015.    At current oil and natural gas prices  , we expect our customers  spending, particularly those in the upstream sector within   North America, will continue to remain low     for the remainder of   2016   and early 2017   as compared to 2015.    However, we are encouraged by recent improvements in   oil prices and drilling activity   and expect 2017 revenue to be higher than 2016.    

In the third quarter of 2016, we incurred non-cash inventory  -related   charges totaling   $  45 million necessary to reduce the carrying value of certain products determined to be excess   or obsolete   to their estimated net realizable value based on our current   market outlook   for certain products  .    This amount includes $24 million in the International segment primarily related to a restructuring of our Australian business and market con  ditions in Iraq.  R  eserves for excess and obsolete inventory were increased in the U.S. and Canada by $16 million and $5 million, respectively. 

In August 2016, we announced a plan to restructure and downsize our Australian operations in response to the continued downturn in the oil and gas and mining industries in the region.    As a result of this plan, we   originally   expected to incur pre-tax charges of $18 million to $24 million, including   cash expenditures of $11 million to $14 million.  Components of these costs included   $7 million to $10 million in inventory-related charges, $6 million to $7 million in lease termination costs, $3 million to $4 million for facilities relocations, and $2 million to $3 million for   employee   severance.  In the third quarter of 2016, we recorded $10 million of charges associated with this plan, including $9 million of inventory-related charges and $1 million of employee severance.  We ex  pect to incur an additional $  8   million   to $10 million   of charges in the fourth quarter of 2016.    The  

16   

Table Of Contents  

plan is expected to be completed by the first quarter of 2017.   Elsewhere in our International segment, the   United Kingd  om s decision to exit the European Union ( Brexit ) has created uncertainty around European currencies, along with uncertain effects of   future trade and other cross bo  rder activities of the    U  .  K  .   with the European Union and other countries.  We expect a minimal impact on our business, and our regional distribution centers in both Bradford, U  .  K  .   and Rotterdam, Netherlands position us well to serve our customers in the U  .  K  .   and the E  uropean Union  .   

We   have taken steps during the first   nine months   of 2016 to reduce our operating costs.  We have maintained our hiring and salary freezes, which were implemented in 2015, and eliminated an additional   560   full-time positions and closed   24   branches during the first   nine months   of 2016. As a result of these actions, we recorded pre-tax severance and restructuring charges of   $12   million in the first   nine   months of 2016.    We   have reduced our headcount by approximately 1,  450 or 29  %, and our number of   branch   locations by   6  8  , or 2  8  %,   since June 2014  .  We will continue to monitor the business outlook and take actions as appropriate in response to negative changes in that outlook, which may require additional severance and restructuring charges.   In addition to these efforts to address costs, we continuously manage our investment in working capital to an appropriate level.  To the extent customer spending   in 2017   decline  s   to levels below current expectations, additional actions may be required to reduce operating costs and working capital levels further. In such a situation, we may also incur charges related to impairment of the carrying value of certain assets, including goodwill and other intangible assets. 

In February 2016, we   completed the disposition   of our U.S. oil country tubular goods ( OCTG ) product line   for $48     million  .  As a result of this transaction, we recorded a loss of $5 million that was reflected in our   fourth quarter   2015 results.        This divestiture represents the culmination of a multi-year strategy to decrease our exposure   to the direct volatility of   drilling activity and lower margins as compared to our other product lines.  For the year ended 2015, sales of U.S. OCTG totaled $305 million, or 7% of our total sales.   Net of reserves, including LIFO and an adjustment to write the inventory down to its net realizable value, the carrying value of   U.S. OCTG inventories as of December 31, 2015   was   $50     million.   

We determine backlog by the amount of   unshipped customer orders, either specific or general in nature, which the customer may revise or cancel in certain circumstances. At   September 30, 2016  , total backlog was $  659   million, including $  411   million in our U.S. segment, $  29   million in our Canad  a    segment and $  219     million in our International segment.    Our backlog at December 31, 2015 was $542     million ($500 million excluding OCTG) including $347     million ($305 million excluding OCTG), $34 million and $1  61 million in our U.S., Canada   and International segments, respectively.     At   September 30, 2015  , total backlog was $  659   million   ($  603   million excluding OCTG)  , including $  461   million in our U.S. segment   ($  405   million excluding OCTG)  , $  32     million in our Canada   segment and $  166     million in our International segment.  There can be no assurance that the backlog amounts will ultimately be realized as revenue or that we will earn a profit on the backlog of orders, but we expect that a substantial majority of sales in our backlog will be realized in the next twelve months  . 

17   

Table Of Contents  

Results of Operations 

T  hree Months Ended   September 30, 2016   Compared to the Three Months Ended   September 30, 2015 

The breakdown of our sales by sector for the three   months   ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   was as follows   (in millions)  : 

For the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , the following table summarizes our results of operations (in millions)  : 

(1) 

Adjusted Gross Profit and Adjusted EBITDA are non-GAAP financial measures. For a reconciliation of these measures to an equi  valent GAAP measure, see pages   19-21     herein.     

Sales  .      Sales include the revenue   recognized from the sale of   products we distribute  ,    services   we p  rovide   and freight billings to customers, less cash discounts taken by customers in return for their early payment. Our sales   were   $793     million for the   three months ended     September 30, 2016   as compared to   $1,071     million for the   three months ended   September 30, 2015  .  The $  278   million   decrease   in sales reflected a $  1   million impact of the decline in foreign currencies in areas where we operate compared to the U.S. dollar.  

18   

Table Of Contents  

U.S. Segment   Our U.S. sales decreased to   $590     million for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   from   $866   million for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  . This   $276   million, or   32%  ,     de  crease   reflected a $  14  6 million decrease in the upstream sector, a $  61   million decrease in the midstream  sector and a $  69   million decrease in the downstream sector.  The decline in   the upstream sector included a    $  63   million impact from the disposition of our   U.S.   OCTG product line. The remaining   decrease in sales in the third   quarter of 2016 as compared to the same period in 2015 was caused by decreased customer spending   for both maintenance, repair and operations ( MRO ) and projects  ,     driven by the sustained   low   oil and natural gas prices and the resulting decline in rig count.   

Canada   Segment   Our Canad  a   sales   increased   to   $70   million for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   from   $69   million for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  .    This $  1   million, or   1  %, increase reflected an $18 million increase in th  e midstream business offset   by   decline  s   in the upstream     business due to a decrease in customer spending.  

International Segment   Our International sales decreased   slightly   to   $133   million for the three months ended   September     30,     2016   from     $136   million for the same period in   2015  .     The   $3   million, or   2  %, decrease   included an   impact of the decline in the foreign currencies in areas where we operate outside of the U.S. dollar accounted for $  1   million, or   33  %, of the total decline. 

Gross Profit  .      Our gross profit was   $88   million    (  11.1%   of sales) for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   as compared to   $185   million    (  17.3%   of sales) for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  .    The $97 million   decrease was primarily attributable to the reduction in sales volume  s  .  In addition, t  hird quarter 2016 gross profit was negatively impacted by $45     million of inventory-related charges to reduce the carrying value of certain   excess and   obsolete inventory items to their net realizable value.    Gross profit for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   benefited modestly from lower product costs reflected in our last-in, first-out ( LIFO ) inventory costing methodology.  LIFO resulted in a reduction of cost of sales of $  3     million and $15 million in the   third   quarters of 2016 and 2015, respectively.    Excluding the impact of LIFO   and the inventory  -related     charges  , gross profit percentage improved   5  0     basis points as a result of sales mix changes including the elimination of our lower margin OCTG product line.  

Certain purchasing costs and warehousing activities (including receiving, inspection and stocking costs), as well as general warehousing expenses, are included in selling, general and administrative expenses and not in cost of sales.  As such, our gross profit may not be comparable to others that may include these expenses as a component of cost of sales.  Purchasing and warehousing cost  s were $  8     million and   $9   million for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015, respectively. 

Adjusted Gross Profit  .      Adjusted Gross Profit   decreased to     $103   million (  13.0%   of sales) for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   from   $190   million    (  17.7%   of sales) for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  ,    a decrease   of   $87     million.   Third quarter 2016   Adjusted Gross Profit included the impact   of the $45 million of inventory-  related charges discussed above.    Adjusted Gross Profit is a non-GAAP financial measure. We define Adjusted Gross Profit as sales, less cost of sales, plus depreciation and amortization, plus amortization of intangibles, and plus or minus the impact of our LIFO inventory costing methodology. We present Adjusted Gross Profit because we believe it is a useful indicator of our operating performance without regard to items, such as amortization of intangibles, that can vary substantially from company to company depending upon the nature and extent of acquisitions. Similarly, the impact of the LIFO inventory costing method can cause results to vary substantially from company to company depending upon whether they elect to utilize LIFO and depending upon which method they may elect. We use Adjusted Gross Profit as a key performance indicator in managing our business. We believe that gross profit is the financial measure calculated and presented in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles that is most directly comparable to Adjusted Gross Profit. 

The following table reconciles Adjusted Gross Profit with gross profit, as derived from our financial statements (in millions): 

Selling, General and Administrative ( SG A ) Expenses  .      Costs such as salaries, wages, employee benefits, rent, utilities, communications, insurance, fuel and taxes (other than state and federal income taxes) that are necessary to operate our branch and corporate operations are included in   SG A  .    Also contained in this category are certain items that are nonoperational in nature, including certain costs of acquiring and integrating other businesses.    Our   SG A   expenses were   $124   million for the  

19   

Table Of Contents  

three months ended   September 30, 2016   as compared to   $142   million for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  .    Severance and restructuring charges resulting from our cost reduction efforts for the   three   months ending   September 30, 2016   totaled $  3     million  .     N  o such expenses     were incurred   for the three months ending   September   30,     2015  .    Excluding these amounts, SG A decreased $  2  1   million which was attributable to volume-related declines and the cost reduction efforts we have made.         

Operating   (Loss)   Income  .       Operating   loss   was   $36   million for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , as compared to   $43     million   of operating income   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  , a   decrease   of   $79   million.  

U.S. Segment     Operating   loss   for our U.S. segment   was     $4   million for the three months ended   September 30, 2016     compared to operating income of     $46   million for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  .    The decrease in operating income of $  50   million was   primarily   driven     by lower sales due to decreased customer spending   partially   offset by a reduction in SG A expenses.    In addition, we recorded $16 million   of   inventory-  related charges   to reduce the carrying value of certain   obsolete   and excess inventory items to the  ir   net realizable value.        Severance   costs   included in operating expenses   were    $  1   million for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  .        No such expenses     were incurred   for th  e three months ending September   30,     2015.  

Canad  a     Segment     Operating loss for our Canad  a   segment   was     $4   million for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   as compared to operating income of     $1   million for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  .  The   decrease   of   $5   million   reflected   $5 million   of     inventory-  related charges   to reduce the carrying value of certain obsolete and excess inventory items to the  ir   net realizable value  .         

International Segment     Our   International segment   incurred an operating loss of     $28   million for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   as compared to   an operating loss of   $4 million for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  .    The   decrease   of $  24   million   was the result of   $24 million   of inventory-  related charges to reduce the carrying value of certain obsolete and excess inventory items to their net realizable value   primarily related to the restructuring of our Australian business and market conditions in Iraq  .        Severance   costs   included in operating expenses   were    $  1   million and $  0   million for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015, respectively. 

Interest Expense  .       Our interest expense was $9 million for the three month   periods   ended   September 30, 2016   as compared to   $10   million for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  .  T  his represented a decrease of $  1   million resulting from lower average debt levels.   

Other   Income  .     Our other   income   was   $3   million for   each of the three month periods   ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  .   

Income Tax   (Benefit)   Expense  .       Our income tax benefit was $2 million for the   three months ended   September 30, 2016     as compared to     income tax   expense of   $20   million for the   three months ended   September 30, 2015  .  Our effective tax rates were     5%   and     56%   for the   three months ended   September 30, 2016     and 2015, respectively.   Our rates generally   differ from the   U.S.   federal statutory rate of 35% as a result of state income taxes and differing  , generally lower,   foreign income tax rates.           The decrease in the effective tax rate to   5  %   in the   third   quarter of 2016   from 11  % in the   second   quarter of 2016   was a result of a lower expected   tax rate for the full year  .    The full year 2016   expected effective tax rate of 1  2  % is lower th  an   our customary effective tax rate as a result of forecasted pre-tax losses in all segments combined with an increase of the relative significance of pre-tax losses in certain   foreign   jurisdictions where the losses have   no corresponding tax benefit. 

Net   (Loss)   Income  .       Our net   loss   was   $40     million for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   as compared to   net income   of      $1  6   million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  ,   a   decrease   of   $56   million.  

Adjusted EBITDA  .       Adjusted EBITDA, a non-GAAP financial measure, was $  24   million    (  3.0  % of sales) for   the three months ended   September 30, 2016   as compared to $  51   million   (  4.8  % of sales)   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  .   

We define Adjusted EBITDA as net income plus interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization, amortization of intangibles and   certain   other   expenses  , including non-cash expenses,   (such as   equity-based compensation, severance and restructuring  , changes in the fair value of derivative instruments and   asset   impairment  s  ,   including inventory  ) and plus or minus the impact of our LIFO inventory costing methodology.  

We believe Adjusted EBITDA provides investors a helpful measure for comparing our operating performance with the performance of other companies that have different financing and capital structures or tax rates. We believe that net income is the financial measure calculated and presented in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles that is most directly comparable to Adjusted EBITDA.    

20   

Table Of Contents  

The following table reconciles Adjusted EBITDA with net   (loss)   income, as derived from our financial statements (in millions): 

Nine   Months Ended     September 30, 2016   Compared to the   nine   Months Ended   September 30, 2015 

The breakdown of our sales by sector for the   nine     months   ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   was as follows   (in millions)  : 

21   

Table Of Contents  

For the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , the following table summarizes our results of operations (in millions)  : 

(1) 

Adjusted Gross Profit and Adjusted EBITDA are non-GAAP financial measures. For a reconciliation of these measures to an equi  valent GAAP measure, see pages 2  3-25     herein.     

Sales  .        Our sales   were   $2,322     million for the     nine   months ended     September 30, 2016   as compared to   $3,562     million for the     nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  .  The   $1,240   million decrease in sales reflected a $  23   million impact of the decline in foreign currencies in areas where we operate compared to the U.S. dollar.  

U.S. Segment   Our U.S. sales decreased to   $1,747     million for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   from $  2,794   million for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . This   $1,047   million, or   37%     de  crease   reflected a $  568   million decrease in the upstream sector, a $  284   million decrease in the midstream sector and a $  195     million decrease in the downstream sector.  The decline in the upstream sector included a $  226   million impact from the disposition of our   U.S.   OCTG product line. The remaining decr  ease in sales in the first nine months   of 2016 as compared to the same period in 2015 was caused by decreased customer spending   for both MRO and projects,   driven by the sustained   low   oil and natural gas prices and the resulting decline in rig count.   

Canada   Segment   Our Canada   sales decreased to     $188   million for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   from   $266     million for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  .    This   $78   million, or   29%  , decrease reflected a $  71     million decrease in the upstream business also due to a decrease in customer spending. Approximately $  9   million, or   12  %, of the total decline was a result of the weaker Canadian dollar relative to the U.S. dollar. 

International Segment   Our International sales decreased to   $387   million for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   from   $502   million for the same period in   2015  .     The   $115   million, or   23%  , decrease reflected the combined impact of lower project activity and deferral of MRO expenditures particularly in Norway, Australia, the Netherlands, the U.K., and Singapore.  The  

22   

Table Of Contents  

impact of the decline in the foreign currencies in areas where we operate outside of   the U.S. dollar accounted for $14   million, or   12  %, of the total decline. 

Gross Profit  .      Our gross profit was   $346   million    (  14.9%   of sales) for the   nine   months ended   as compared to   $611   million    (  17.2%   of sales) for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  .    The $265 million decrease was primarily attributable to   the reduction in   sales volume  s  .  In addition, g  ross profit for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was negatively impacted by $45 million of inventory-related charges to reduce the carrying value of certain obsolete and excess inventory items to their realizable value.   Gross profit for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   benefited modestly from lower product costs reflected in our   LIFO   inventory costing methodology.  LIFO resulted in a reduction of cost of sales of $  7   million and $  30     million in the first nine months   of 2016 and 2015, respectively.        Excluding the impact of LIFO   and the inventory write-down  , gross profit percentage improved   20   basis points as a result of sales mix changes including the elimination of our lower margin OCTG product line.  

Certain purchasing costs and warehousing activities (including receiving, inspection and stocking costs), as well as general warehousing expenses, are included in selling, general and administrative expenses and not in cost of sales.  As such, our gross profit may not be comparable to others that may include these expenses as a component of cost of sales.  Purchasing and warehousing cost  s were $  23     million and   $  28     million for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015, respectively. 

Adjusted Gross Profit  .      Adjusted Gross Profit   decreased to     $390   million (  16.8%   of sales) for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   from   $642   million    (  18.0%   of sales) for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  ,    a decrease   of   $252     million.   Adjusted Gross Profit   for the nine months ended September 30, 2016   included the impact of the $45 million of inventory  -  related charges discussed above.    Adjusted Gross Profit is a non-GAAP financial measure. We define Adjusted Gross Profit as sales, less cost of sales, plus depreciation and amortization, plus amortization of intangibles, and plus or minus the impact of our LIFO inventory costing methodology. We present Adjusted Gross Profit because we believe it is a useful indicator of our operating performance without regard to items, such as amortization of intangibles, that can vary substantially from company to company depending upon the nature and extent of acquisitions. Similarly, the impact of the LIFO inventory costing method can cause results to vary substantially from company to company depending upon whether they elect to utilize LIFO and depending upon which method they may elect. We use Adjusted Gross Profit as a key performance indicator in managing our business. We believe that gross profit is the financial measure calculated and presented in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles that is most directly comparable to Adjusted Gross Profit. 

The following table reconciles Adjusted Gross Profit with gross profit, as derived from our financial statements (in millions): 

Selling, General and Administrative ( SG A ) Expenses  .       Our   SG A   expenses were   $396   million for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   as compared to   $460   million for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  .    SG   A for the first nine months   of   2016   and 2015 included $  12   million   and $9 million, respectively,   of severance and restructuring charges resulting from cost reduction efforts.  SG A   for the nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   also included $  13   million of expense related to the implementation of a new information technology system in the international segment as compared to $  6     million of expense for the same period in 2015.  The   first     nine months   of 2016     reflected a $5 million favorable impact from foreign exchange rates compared to the   first     nine months   of 2015.  Excluding these amounts, SG A decreased $  6  9   million which was attributable to volume-related declines and the cost reduction efforts we have made.         

Operating   (Loss)   Income  .       Operating   loss   was   $  50   million for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , as compared to   $151     million   of operating income   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , a   decrease   of   $201   million.  

U.S. Segment     Operating   loss   for our U.S. segment decreased     to   $2   million for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   from operating income of $  147   million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  .    The decrease in operating income of   $149   million was   primarily   driven by lower revenue due to decreased customer spending offset by a reduction in SG A expenses.        In addition, we recorded $16 million of inventory  -  related charges to reduce the carrying value of certain obsolete  

23   

Table Of Contents  

and excess inventory items to their net realizable value.              Severance   costs   included in operating expenses   were    $  5   million and $3 million for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015, respectively. 

Canad  a     Segment     Operating loss for our Canad  a   segment   was    $  7   million for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   as compared to operating income of    $  9   million for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  .  The decrease of $  16   million   reflected the decline in sales offset by co  rresponding re  ductions in SG A, as well as,   $5 million   of inventory-  related charges   to reduce the carrying value of certain obsolete and excess inventory items to the  ir   net realizable value.        Severance   costs   included in operating   expenses were   $1 million for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015.       

International Segment     Our   International segment   incurred an operating loss of    $  41   million for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   as compared to   an operating loss of   $  5   million for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  .    The decrease of $  36   million was the result of lower sales offset by corresponding reductions in SG A  , as well as, $24 millio  n of inventory-  related charges to reduce the carrying value of certain obsolete and excess inventory items to their net realizable value   primarily related to the restructuring of our Australian business and market conditions in Iraq  .    Severance   costs   included in operating   expenses were    $  6     million and $5 million for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015, respectively. 

Interest Expense  .       Our interest expense was $  26   million for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   as compared to $  38     million for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  .  T  his represented a decrease of $  12   million resulting from lower average debt levels.   

Other   Income (  Expense  )  .     Our other   income   was $  2   million for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   expense of    $  6   million for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  .    The first nine months of 2015 included a $3 million write  -  off of debt issuance costs.  No such costs were incurred in 2016.  

Income Tax     (  Benefit  )    Expense  .       Our income tax benefit was $  9   million for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016     as compared to   income tax expense of     $46   million for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  .  Our effective tax rates were   12  % and     43  % for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016     and 2015, respectively.   Our rates generally   differ from the   U.S.   federal statutory rate of 35% as a result of state income taxes and differing  , generally lower,   foreign income tax rates.        The full year 2016 expected effect  ive tax rate of   1  2  % is lower than   our customary effective tax rate as a result of forecasted pre-tax losses in all segments combined with an increase of the relative significance of pre-tax losses in certain   foreign   jurisdictions where the losses have no corresponding tax benefit. 

Net   (Loss)   Income  .       Our net   loss   was   $65     million for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   as compared to   net income   of   $  61   million for the     nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  ,   a decrease   of   $126   million.  

Adjusted EBITDA  .       Adjusted EBITDA, a non-GAAP financial measure, was $  58   million    (  2.5  % of sales) for   the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   as compared to $  201   million   (  5.6  % of sales)   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  .   

We define Adjusted EBITDA as net income plus interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization, amortization of intangibles and   certain   other   expenses  , including non-cash expenses,   (such as   equity-based compensation, severance and restructuring  , changes in the fair value of derivative instruments and   asset   impairment  s  ,   including inventory  ) and plus or minus the impact of our LIFO inventory costing methodology.  

We believe Adjusted EBITDA provides investors a helpful measure for comparing our operating performance with the performance of other companies that have different financing and capital structures or tax rates. We believe that net income is the financial measure calculated and presented in accordance   with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles that is most directly comparable to Adjusted EBITDA.    

24   

Table Of Contents  

The following table reconciles Adjusted EBITDA with net   (loss)   income, as derived from our financial statements (in millions): 

asd 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

Our primary sources of liquidity consist of cash generated from our operating activities, existing cash balances and borrowings under our Global ABL Facility.  At   September 30, 2016  , our total liquidity, including cash on hand, was $  688   million.  Our ability to generate sufficient cash flows from our operating activities will continue to be primarily dependent on our sales of products and services to our customers at margins sufficient to cover our fixed and variable expenses.  As of   September   30,     2016   and December 31, 2015, we had cash and cash equivalents of   $  21  3   million   and $69 million, respectively.  As of   September 30, 2016   and December 31, 2015, $  106   million and $51 million of our cash and cash equivalents, respectively, were maintained in the accounts of our various foreign subsidiaries.  If such amounts were transferred among countries or repatriated to the U.S., such amounts may be subject to additional tax liabilities, which would be recognized in our financial statements in the period during which such decision would be made.  We have the intent and ability to indefinitely reinvest the cash held by our foreign subsidiaries, and there are currently no plans that require the repatriation of this cash. 

Our primary credit facilities consist of a seven-year Term Loan maturing in November 2019 with an original principal amount of $794 million and a five-year $1.05 billion Global ABL Facility that provides a $977 million facility in the United States, a $30 million facility in Norway, a $  20   million facility in Canada, a $10     million facility in Australia, a $5 million facility in the United Kingdom, a $4    m  illion facility in the Netherlands and a $4 million facility in Belgium.  As of   September 30, 2016  , the outstanding balance on our Term Loan, net of original issue discount and issuance costs, was $  515   million.  The Global ABL Facility matures in July 2019.  The Global ABL Facility contains an accordion feature that allows us to increase the principal amount of the facility by up to $300 million, subject to additional lender commitments.    As of      September 30, 2016  , we had     no borrowings outstanding and   $475     million   of Excess Availability, as defined   under   our   Global ABL Facility  .  Availability is dependent on a borrowing base comprised of a percentage of eligible accounts receivable and inventory which is subject to redetermination from time to time.  

Our credit ratings are below  investment grade  and as such could impact both our ability to raise new funds as well as the interest rates on our future borrowings. Our ability to incur additional debt is restricted by our existing obligations. We were in compliance with the covenants contained in our various credit facilities as of and during the     nine   months ended   September   30,     2016  . 

We believe our sources of liquidity will be sufficient to satisfy the anticipated cash requirements associated with our existing operations for at least the next twelve months. However, our future cash requirements could be higher than we currently expect as a result of various factors. Additionally, our ability to generate sufficient cash from our operating activities depends on our future performance, which is subject to general economic, political, financial, competitive and other factors beyond our control.   We may from time to time seek to raise additional debt or equity financing or re-price or refinance existing debt in the public or private markets, based on market conditions.      Any such capital market  s   activities would be subject to market conditions,  

25   

Table Of Contents  

reaching final agreement with lenders or investors, and  other factors, and there can be no assurance that we would successfully consummate any such transactions.  

In November 2015  , the Company s board of directors authorized a share repurchase program for common stock up to   $100     millio  n, which was increased in November 2016 to $125 million.  The program is scheduled to expire on December 31, 2017.    The shares   may be   repurchased at management s discretion in the open mar  ket.    Depending on market conditions and other factors, these repurchases may be commenced or suspended from time to time without prior notice.    During the first   nine months   of 2016, we purchased   6,399,385   shares of common stock at a total cost of $  88   million.  In total under this plan, we have purchased     7,215,77  4   shares at a total cost of $  100   million.       

On November 2, 2016, the company   provided notice of intent to voluntarily repay $100 million of the Term Loan with available cash on hand and expects to make the voluntary repayment on November 7, 2016.  

Cash Flows  

The following table sets forth our cash flows for the periods indicated below (in millions):  

Operating Activities  

Net cash provided by operating activities   was   $23  0   million during   the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   $481   million during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  .    The decrease in cash provided by   operations was primarily the result   of     reduced profitability combined with a reduction in the pace of working capital contraction in response to slowing sales.    Excluding cash, w  orking capital decreased $  201   million in the first   nine   months of 2016 compared to $  38  6    m  illion in the first   nine   months of 2015.     The current year decline in working capital was impacted most significantly by $  88   million and $  119   million reductions in accounts receivable and inventory, respectively, caused by declining sales levels. We continue to actively manage our investment in working capital to an appropriate level given current market conditions. 

Investing Activities  

Net cash provided by investing   activities was   $2  5   million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  ,   compared to     $27     million   used in investing activities   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  .    The $  5  2   million increase in cash provided by investing activities is the result of $48 million in proceeds from the d  isposition   of our U.S. OCTG product line.    Our capital expenditures were $  2  4   million for the     nine     months ended     September 30, 2016     and   2015  .   

F  i  nancing Activities  

Net cash   used in   financing activities was   $112   million for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   $441     million   for   the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015     Net repayments on our Global ABL Facility totaled $0 million in the first   nine   months of 2016, compared to $  535   million in the first   nine   months of 2015.   In the f  irst nine months   of 2016, we us  ed $  88   million and $  18   million to fund purchases of our common stock and dividends on our preferred stock, respectively.  In June 2015, we received $355 million of net proceeds related to the issuance of Series A Preferred Stock.  We used these proceeds to repay a portion of the outstanding borrowings under our Term Loan and our Global ABL Facility.   

Critical Accounting Policies 

The preparation of financial statements, in conformity with   accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America  , requires management to make judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses in the financial statements.  Management bases its estimates on historical experience and other assumptions, which it believes are reasonable.  If actual amounts are ultimately different from these estimates, the revisions are included in our results of operations for the period in which the actual amounts become known. 

Accounting policies are considered critical when they require management to make assumptions about matters that are highly uncertain at the time the estimates are made and when there are different estimates that management reasonably could have  

26   

Table Of Contents  

made, which would have a material impact on the presentation of our financial condition, changes in our financial condition or results of operations.  For a description of our critical accounting policies,   see    Item     7:      Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results from Operations  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015  .   

ITEM 3.  QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

We are primarily exposed to the market risk associated with unfavorable movements in interest rates, foreign currencies and steel price volatility.  There have been no material changes to our market risk policies or our market risk sensitive instruments and positions as described   in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015.  

ITEM 4.   CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  

Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures  .   

As of   September 30, 2016  , we have reviewed, under the direction of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e).  Based upon and as of the date of that review, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information required  to be disclosed in the reports that the Company files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accum  ulated and communicated to the Company s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 

As part of a continuing effort to improve the Company s business processes management is evaluating its internal controls and may update certain controls to accommodate any modifications to its business processes or accounting procedures. 

Changes in internal control over financial reporting  .       

The Company has undertaken a multi-year enterprise resource planning ( ERP ) project to migrate certain systems to SAP software.  During the second quarter of 2016, we completed the SAP implementation in our Asia Pacific-based businesses.   As a part of this implementation  ,   various controls over financial reporting for the region changed.   During the third quarter of 2016, we   began   a similar implementation effort in our European, Nordic and Middle Eastern businesses which will be completed in 2017. 

Other than described above, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the first   nine   months of 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.                      

27   

Table Of Contents  

Part II     other information 

ITEM 1.        LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

From time to time, we have been subject to various claims and involved in legal proceedings incidental to the nature of our businesses. We maintain insurance coverage to reduce financial risk associated with certain of these claims and proceedings. It is not possible to predict the outcome of these claims and proceedings. However, in our opinion, there are no pending legal proceedings that are likely to have a material effect on our business, financial condition  ,   results of operations or cash flows, although it is possible that the resolution of certain actual, threatened or anticipated claims or proceedings could have a material adverse effect on our results of operation  s   in the period of resolution.  

Also, from time to time, in the ordinary course of our business, our customers may claim that the products that we distribute are either defective or require repair or replacement under warranties that either we or the manufacturer may provide to the customer. These proceedings are, in the opinion of management, ordinary and routine matters incidental to our normal business. Our purchase orders with our suppliers generally require the manufacturer to indemnify us against any product liability claims, leaving the manufacturer ultimately responsible for these claims. In many cases, state, provincial or foreign law provides protection to distributors for these sorts of claims, shifting the responsibility to the manufacturer.  In some cases, we could be required to repair or replace the products for the benefit of our customer and seek recovery from the manufacturer for our expense. In the opinion of management, the ultimate disposition of these claims and proceedings   is   not expected to have a material adverse effect on our financial   condition  , results of operations or cash flows. 

For information regarding asbestos cases in which we are a defendant and other c  laims and proceedings, see Note   10   -   Commitments and Contingencies to our unaudited condensed   consolidated   financial statements. 

Item 1A.    Risk Factors 

We are affected by risks specific to us as well as factors that affect all businesses operating in a global market. The significant factors   known to us that could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or operating results are described in   Part I,   Item 2   of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q   and in Part I, Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015  under  Risk Factors .    

Item 2.    Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 

Item 3.    Defaults Upon Senior Securities 

None. 

28   

Table Of Contents  

Item 4  .    MINING SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

None. 

Item 5.    Other Information 

None. 

29   

Table Of Contents  

Item 6.  Exhibits 

*             Filed herewith. 

**      Furnished herewith. 

30   

Table Of Contents  

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

MRC GLOBAL INC.  

By:   /s/   James E  .    Braun            

James E. Braun      Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  

Date:    November     4  , 2016 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 mrc-20160930xex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 311

Exhibit 31.1  

CERTIFICATION  

I, Andrew R. Lane, certify that:  

1.    I have reviewed this   Quarterly   Report on Form 10-  Q   for the   period   ended   September   3  0  , 2016   of MRC Global Inc.;  

2.    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  

3.    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  

4.    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

a.    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

b.     Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c.    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  

d.    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  

5.    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  

a.    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  

b.    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  

Date:   November 4  , 2016    

/s/ Andrew R. Lane  

Name:   

Andrew R. Lane  

Title:  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 mrc-20160930xex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 312

Exhibit 31.2  

CERTIFICATION  

I, James E. Braun, certify that:  

1.    I have reviewed this   Quarterly   Report on Form 10-  Q   for the   period   ended   September   30  , 2016   of MRC Global Inc.;  

2.    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  

3.    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  

4.    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

a.    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

b.     Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c.    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  

d.    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  

5.    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  

a.    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  

b.    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  

Date:   November 4  , 2016 

/s/ James E. Braun  

Name:   

James E. Braun  

Title:  

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 mrc-20160930xex32.htm
 EX-32

Exhibit 32

Exhibit 32  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

In connection with the   filing   of the   Quarterly   Report on Form 10-  Q   of MRC Global Inc., a Delaware corporation (the  Company ), for   the   period     ended   September   30  , 2016   (the  Report ), each of the undersigned officers of the Company certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to his knowledge:  

(1)    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a)   or 15(d)   of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  

(2)    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.  

/s/ Andrew R. Lane  

Name:  

Andrew R. Lane  

Title:  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

/s/ James E. Braun  

Name:  

James E. Braun  

Title:  

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  

Date:   November 4  , 2016 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 mrc-20160930.xml
 EX-101.INS

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 mrc-20160930.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 mrc-20160930_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 mrc-20160930_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 mrc-20160930_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 mrc-20160930_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

