<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_351569_0001144204-16-132890_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>29710706</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>280341</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>908531</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>10362318</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>14436469</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2976865</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>291</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-132890.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109172637
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-132890
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		111
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Ameris Bancorp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000351569
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				581456434
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			GA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-13901
		FILM NUMBER:		161985265

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		24 2/ND/ AVENUE
		CITY:			MOULTRIE
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			31768
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9128901111

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		PO BOX 1500
		CITY:			MOULTRIE
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			31776

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ABC BANCORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ABC HOLDING CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19870119

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-132890.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 v451595_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

(Mark One)   

For the quarterly period ended September
30, 2016   

OR   

Commission File Number: 001-13901

AMERIS BANCORP  

  (Exact name of registrant as specified
in its charter)   

310 FIRST STREET, S.E., MOULTRIE, GA 31768

(Address of principal executive offices)

(229) 890-1111   

  (Registrant s telephone number)

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been
subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes   x     No  

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit and post such files).    Yes   x     No  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions
of  large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer  
      x  
      Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  
           (Do not check
    if a smaller reporting company)  
      Smaller reporting company  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act).    Yes         No   x  

There were 34,919,974 shares of Common Stock outstanding as
of November 1, 2016. 

AMERIS BANCORP   

  TABLE OF CONTENTS   

Item 1. Financial
Statements.   

AMERIS BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS   

  (dollars in thousands, except per share
data)   

See notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements.  

AMERIS BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES   

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EARNINGS
AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME/(LOSS)  

  (dollars in thousands, except per share
data)   

  (Unaudited)   

See notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements.

AMERIS BANCORP
AND SUBSIDIARIES   

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY   

  (dollars in thousands,
except per share data)   

  (Unaudited)   

See notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements.

AMERIS BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES   

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

(dollars in thousands)   

  (Unaudited)   

(Continued) 

AMERIS BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  

  (dollars in thousands)  

  (Unaudited)   

(Concluded) 

See notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements.  

AMERIS BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016  

  (Unaudited)  

NOTE 1   BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND ACCOUNTING
POLICIES  

 Ameris Bancorp (the  Company 
or  Ameris ) is a financial holding company headquartered in Moultrie, Georgia. Ameris conducts substantially
all of its operations through its wholly owned banking subsidiary, Ameris Bank (the  Bank ). At September 30, 2016, the
Bank operated 99 branches in select markets in Georgia, Alabama, Florida and South Carolina. Our business model capitalizes
on the efficiencies of a large financial services company while still providing the community with the personalized banking service
expected by our customers. We manage our Bank through a balance of decentralized management responsibilities and efficient
centralized operating systems, products and loan underwriting standards. The Company s Board of Directors and senior
managers establish corporate policy, strategy and administrative policies. Within our established guidelines and policies,
the banker closest to the customer responds to the differing needs and demands of his or her unique market. 

The accompanying unaudited consolidated
financial statements for Ameris have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America for interim financial information and Regulation S-X. Accordingly, the financial statements do not include all
of the information and footnotes required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America for complete
financial statement presentation. The interim consolidated financial statements included herein are unaudited but reflect
all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring accruals) which, in the opinion of management, are necessary for a fair presentation
of the consolidated financial position and results of operations for the interim periods presented. All significant intercompany
accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. The results of operations for the period ended September
30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the full year. These financial statements should
be read in conjunction with the financial statements and notes thereto and the report of our registered independent public accounting
firm included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements   

 ASU 2016-13 -  Financial Instruments Credit
Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments  ( ASU 2016-13 ). ASU 2016-13  significantly
changes how entities will measure credit losses for most financial assets and certain other instruments that are not measured
at fair value through net income. The standard will replace the current incurred loss approach with an expected loss model, referred
to as the current expected credit loss ( CECL ) model. The new standard will apply to financial assets subject to
credit losses and measured at amortized cost and certain off-balance sheet credit exposures, which include, but are not limited
to, loans, leases, held-to-maturity securities, loan commitments and financial guarantees. ASU 2016-13 simplifies the accounting
for purchased credit-impaired debt securities and loans and expands the disclosure requirements regarding an entity s assumptions,
models and methods for estimating the allowance for loan and lease losses. In addition, entities will need to disclose the amortized
cost balance for each class of financial asset by credit quality indicator, disaggregated by the year of origination. ASU 2016-13
is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2019. Early adoption is permitted for interim
and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018.  Upon adoption, ASU 2016-13 provides for a modified retrospective
transition by means of a cumulative-effect adjustment to equity as of the beginning of the period in which the guidance is effective.
The Company is currently evaluating the impact this standard will have on the Company s results of operations, financial
position or disclosures. 

ASU 2016-09    Improvements to
Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting  ( ASU 2016-09 ). ASU 2016-09 simplifies various aspects of how share-based
payments are accounted for and presented in the financial statements. Under ASU 2016-09, companies will record all excess tax
benefits and tax deficiencies as income tax expense or benefit in the income statement and will no longer record excess tax benefits
and certain tax deficiencies in additional paid-in capital. The standard eliminates the requirement that excess tax benefits be
realized before companies can recognize them. The excess tax benefits will be reported as an operating activity on the statement
of cash flows, and the cash paid to a tax authority when shares are withheld to satisfy a company s statutory income tax
withholding obligation will be reported as a financing activity on its statement of cash. In addition, the standard increases
the amount an employer can withhold to cover income taxes on awards and still qualify for the exception to liability classification
for shares used to satisfy the employer s statutory income tax withholding obligation. ASU 2016-09 permits companies to
make an accounting policy election for the impact of forfeitures on the recognition of expense for share-based payment awards.
Forfeitures can be estimated, as required today, or recognized when they occur. ASU 2016-09 is effective for interim and annual
reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016. Early adoption is permitted, but all of the guidance must be adopted in the
same period. The Company is currently evaluating the impact this standard will have on the Company s results of operations,
financial position or disclosures. 

ASU 2016-02    Leases (Topic 842)
 ( ASU 2016-02 ). ASU 2016-02 amends the existing standards for lease accounting effectively requiring most leases
be carried on the balance sheets of the related lessees by requiring them to recognize a right-of-use asset and a corresponding
lease liability. ASU 2016-02 includes qualitative and quantitative disclosure requirements intended to provide greater insight
into the nature of an entity s leasing activities. The standard must be adopted using a modified retrospective transition
with a cumulative-effect adjustment to equity as of the beginning of the period in which it is adopted. ASU 2016-02 is effective
for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim periods within those annual periods with early adoption
permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact this standard will have on the Company s results of operations,
financial position or disclosures. 

ASU 2015-16    Business Combinations
(Topic 805) - Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement-Period Adjustments  ( ASU 2015-16 ). ASU 2015-16 requires
that an acquirer recognize adjustments to estimated amounts that are identified during the measurement period in the reporting
period in which the adjustment amounts are determined. The amendments require that the acquirer record, in the same period s
financial statements, the effect on earnings of changes in depreciation, amortization, or other income effects, if any, as a result
of the change to the estimated amounts, calculated as if the accounting had been completed at the acquisition date. The standard
also requires an entity to present separately on the face of the income statement or disclose in the notes the portion of the
amount recorded in current-period earnings by line item that would have been recorded in previous reporting periods if the adjustment
to the estimated amounts had been recognized as of the acquisition date. ASU 2015-16 is effective for public business entities
for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The amendments should
be applied prospectively to adjustments to provisional amounts that occur after the effective date with earlier application permitted
for financial statements that have not been issued. The Company has early adopted the provisions of this amendment, and the adoption
did not have a material impact on the Company's consolidated financial statements. 

ASU 2015-03    Interest  
Imputation of Interest  ( ASU 2015-03 ). ASU 2015-03 simplifies presentation of debt issuance costs by requiring
that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the
carrying amount of the debt liability, consistent with debt discounts.  ASU
2015-03  is effective for annual periods and interim periods within those annual periods beginning after December 15, 2015,
and early adoption is permitted . It should be applied on a retrospective
basis. The adoption of this standard did not have a material effect on the Company s  results of operations, financial
position or disclosures. 

ASU
2015-02   Consolidation (Topic 810) - Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis   ( ASU 2015-02 )  .  ASU
2015-02 includes amendments that are intended to improve targeted areas of consolidation for legal entities including reducing
the number of consolidation models from four to two and simplifying the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. ASU 2015-02 is
effective for annual and interim periods within those annual periods, beginning after December 15, 2015. The amendments may be
applied retrospectively in previously issued financial statements for one or more years with a cumulative effect adjustment to
retained earnings as of the beginning of the first year restated. Early adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim
period. The adoption of this standard did not have a material effect on the Company s  results of operations, financial
position or disclosures. 

ASU 2015-01-  Income Statement  
Extraordinary and Unusual Items  ( ASU 2015-01 ). ASU 2015-01  eliminates
the concept of extraordinary items by no longer allowing companies to segregate an extraordinary item from the results of operations,
separately present an extraordinary item on the income statement, or disclose income taxes or earnings-per-share data applicable
to an extraordinary item. ASU 2015-01  is effective for annual periods and interim periods within those annual periods beginning
after December 15, 2015, and early adoption is permitted . The adoption
of this standard did not have a material effect on the Company s   results
of operations, financial position or disclosures.  

ASU
2014-09    Revenue from Contracts with Customers  ( ASU 2014-09 ). ASU 2014-09 provides guidance that an
entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the
consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. ASU 2014-09 is effective prospectively,
for annual and interim periods, beginning after December 15, 2016. The Company is currently evaluating the impact t his
standard will have on the Company s results of operations, financial position or disclosures. 

NOTE 2   BUSINESS COMBINATIONS  

  Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc.  

On March 11, 2016, the Company completed
its acquisition of Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc. ( JAXB ), a bank holding company headquartered in Jacksonville, Florida. 
Upon consummation of the acquisition, JAXB was merged with and into the Company, with Ameris as the surviving entity in the merger.
At that time, JAXB s wholly owned banking subsidiary, The Jacksonville Bank ( Jacksonville Bank ), was also
merged with and into the Bank. The acquisition expanded the Company s existing market presence, as Jacksonville Bank had
a total of eight full-service branches located in Jacksonville and Jacksonville Beach, Duval County, Florida. Under the terms
of the merger, JAXB  s common shareholders received 0. 5861
shares of Ameris common stock or $16.50 in cash for each share of JAXB common stock or nonvoting common stock they previously
held, subject to the total consideration being allocated 75% stock and 25% cash .
As a result, the Company issued 2,549,469 common shares at a fair value of $72.5 million and paid $23.9 million in cash to former
shareholders of JAXB.  

The acquisition of JAXB was accounted
for using the acquisition method of accounting in accordance with FASB ASC 805,  Business Combinations . Assets acquired,
liabilities assumed and consideration exchanged were recorded at their respective acquisition date fair values. Determining the
fair value of assets and liabilities is a complicated process involving significant judgment regarding methods and assumptions
used to calculate estimated fair values. Fair values are preliminary and subject to refinement for up to one year after the closing
date of the acquisition as additional information regarding the closing date fair values becomes available. During the third quarter
of 2016, management revised its initial estimates regarding the valuation of loans, premises and equipment, core deposit intangible
and other assets acquired. In addition, management assessed and recorded the deferred tax assets resulting from differences in
the carrying values of acquired assets and assumed liabilities for financial reporting purposes and their basis for income tax
purposes. This estimate also reflects acquired net operating loss carryforwards and other acquired assets with built-in losses
that are expected to be settled or otherwise recovered in future periods where the realization of such benefits would be subject
to applicable limitations under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. Management continues to evaluate
fair value adjustments related to loans, other real estate owned and deferred tax assets. 

The following table presents the assets
acquired and liabilities of JAXB assumed as of March 11, 2016 and their initial fair value estimates. The fair value adjustments
shown in the following table continue to be evaluated by management and may be subject to further adjustment: 

Explanation of fair value adjustments  

(a)  Adjustment reflects the fair value adjustments of
the portfolio of securities available for sale as of the acquisition date. 

(b)  Adjustment reflects the fair value adjustments based
on the Company s evaluation of the acquired loan portfolio, net of the reversal of JAXB remaining fair value adjustments
from their prior acquisitions. 

(c)  Adjustment reflects the elimination of JAXB s
allowance for loan losses. 

(d)  Adjustment reflects the fair value adjustment based
on the Company s evaluation of the acquired OREO portfolio, which is based largely on contracted sale prices. 

(e)  Adjustment reflects the recording of core deposit
intangible on the acquired core deposit accounts. 

(f)  Adjustment reflects the deferred taxes on the difference
in the carrying values of acquired assets and assumed liabilities for financial reporting purposes and their basis for federal
income tax purposes and the reversal of JAXB valuation allowance established on their deferred tax assets. 

(g)  Adjustment reflects the fair value adjustments based
on the Company s evaluation of the acquired deposits. 

(h)  Adjustment reflects the fair value adjustments based
on the Company s evaluation of the liability for other borrowings. 

(i)  Adjustment reflects the fair value adjustment to the
subordinated deferrable interest debentures at the acquisition date, net of the reversal of JAXB remaining fair value adjustments
from their prior acquisitions. 

(j)  Adjustment reflects additional recording of fair value
adjustment of the acquired loan portfolio. 

(k)  Adjustment reflects recording of fair value adjustment
of the premises and equipment. 

(l)  Adjustment reflects adjustment to the core deposit
intangible on the acquired core deposit accounts. 

(m)  Adjustment reflects the additional deferred taxes
on the difference in the carrying values of acquired assets and assumed liabilities for financial reporting purposes and their
basis for federal income tax purposes. 

Goodwill of $32.5 million, which is the
excess of the purchase price over the fair value of net assets acquired, was recorded in the JAXB acquisition and is the result
of expected operational synergies and other factors. This goodwill is not expected to be deductible for tax purposes. 

In the acquisition, the Company purchased
$402.9 million of loans at fair value, net of $13.9 million, or 3.33%, estimated discount to the outstanding principal balance.
Of the total loans acquired, management identified $28.3 million that were considered to be credit impaired and are accounted
for under ASC Topic 310-30. The table below summarizes the total contractually required principal and interest cash payments,
management s estimate of expected total cash payments and fair value of the loans as of acquisition date for  purchased
credit impaired loans. Contractually required principal and interest payments have been adjusted for estimated  prepayments. 

The following table presents the acquired
loan data for the JAXB acquisition. 

Branch Acquisition  

On June 12, 2015, the Company completed
its acquisition of 18 branches from Bank of America, National Association located in Calhoun, Columbia, Dixie, Hamilton, Suwanee
and Walton Counties, Florida and Ben Hill, Colquitt, Dougherty, Laurens, Liberty, Thomas, Tift and Ware Counties, Georgia. Under
the terms of the Purchase and Assumption Agreement dated January 28, 2015, the Company paid a deposit premium of $20.0 million,
equal to 3.00% of the average daily deposits for the 15 calendar-day period immediately prior to the acquisition date. In addition,
the Company acquired approximately $4.0 million in loans and $10.7 million in premises and equipment. 

The acquisition of the 18 branches was
accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting in accordance with FASB ASC 805,  Business Combinations . Assets
acquired, liabilities assumed and consideration exchanged were recorded at their respective acquisition date fair values. Determining
the fair value of assets and liabilities is a complicated process involving significant judgment regarding methods and assumptions
used to calculate estimated fair values. Fair values are preliminary and subject to refinement for up to one year after the closing
date of the acquisition as additional information regarding the closing date fair values becomes available. During the third and
fourth quarters of 2015, management revised its initial estimates regarding the valuation of loans, premises and intangible assets
acquired. 

The following table presents the assets
acquired and liabilities assumed as of June 12, 2015 and their fair value estimates. 

Explanation of fair value adjustments  

(a)  Adjustment reflects the fair value adjustments of
the premises and equipment as of the acquisition date. 

(b)  Adjustment reflects the recording of core deposit
intangible on the acquired core deposit accounts. 

(c)  Adjustment reflects the fair value adjustments based
on the Company s evaluation of the acquired deposits. 

(d)  Adjustment reflects the fair value adjustments based
on the Company s evaluation of the acquired loan portfolio. 

(e)  Adjustment reflects additional recording of fair value
adjustment of the premises and equipment. 

(f)  Adjustment reflects additional recording of core deposit
intangible on the acquired core deposit accounts. 

Goodwill of $11.2 million, which is the
excess of the purchase consideration over the fair value of net assets acquired, was recorded in the branch acquisition and is
the result of expected operational synergies and other factors. 

In the acquisition, the Company purchased
$4.0 million of loans at fair value. Management identified $364,000 of overdrafts that were considered to be credit impaired and
were subsequently charged off as uncollectible under ASC Topic 310-30. 

Merchants   Southern Banks of Florida,
Incorporated  

On May 22, 2015, the Company completed
its acquisition of all shares of the outstanding common stock of Merchants   Southern Banks of Florida, Incorporated ( Merchants ),
a bank holding company headquartered in Gainesville, Florida, for a total purchase price of $50,000,000.  Upon consummation
of the stock purchase, Merchants was merged with and into the Company, with Ameris as the surviving entity in the merger. At that
time, Merchants  wholly owned banking subsidiary, Merchants and Southern Bank, was also merged with and into the Bank. The
acquisition grew the Company s existing market presence, as Merchants and Southern Bank had a total of 13 banking locations
in Alachua, Marion and Clay Counties, Florida. 

The acquisition of Merchants was accounted
for using the acquisition method of accounting in accordance with FASB ASC 805,  Business Combinations . Assets acquired,
liabilities assumed and consideration exchanged were recorded at their respective acquisition date fair values. Determining the
fair value of assets and liabilities is a complicated process involving significant judgment regarding methods and assumptions
used to calculate estimated fair values. Fair values are preliminary and subject to refinement for up to one year after the closing
date of the acquisition as additional information regarding the closing date fair values becomes available. During the third and
fourth quarters of 2015, management revised its initial estimates regarding the valuation of investment securities, core deposit
intangible and other assets acquired. In addition, management continued its assessment and recorded the deferred tax assets resulting
from differences in the carrying values of acquired assets and assumed liabilities for financial reporting purposes and their
basis for income tax purposes. This estimate also reflects acquired net operating loss carryforwards and other acquired assets
with built-in losses that are expected to be settled or otherwise recovered in future periods where the realization of such benefits
would be subject to applicable limitations under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. During the second
quarter of 2016, management revised its initial estimates regarding the valuation of loans. 

The following table presents the assets
acquired and liabilities of Merchants assumed as of May 22, 2015 and their fair value estimates. 

Explanation of fair value adjustments  

(a)  Adjustment reflects the fair value adjustments of
the portfolio of securities available for sale as of the acquisition date. 

(b)  Adjustment reflects the fair value adjustments based
on the Company s evaluation of the acquired loan portfolio. 

(c)  Adjustment reflects the elimination of Merchants 
allowance for loan losses. 

(d)  Adjustment reflects the fair value adjustment based
on the Company s evaluation of the acquired OREO portfolio. 

(e)  Adjustment reflects the fair value adjustment based
on the Company s evaluation of the acquired premises. 

(f)  Adjustment reflects the recording of core deposit
intangible on the acquired core deposit accounts. 

(g)  Adjustment reflects the deferred taxes on the difference
in the carrying values of acquired assets and assumed liabilities for financial reporting purposes and their basis for federal
income tax purposes. 

(h)  Adjustment reflects the fair value adjustments based
on the Company s evaluation of interest rate swap liabilities. 

(i)  Adjustment reflects the fair value adjustment to the
subordinated deferrable interest debentures at the acquisition date. 

(j)  Adjustment reflects the additional fair value adjustments
of the portfolio of securities available for sale as of the acquisition date. 

(k)  Adjustment reflects the fair value adjustments of
other investments as of the acquisition date. 

(l)  Adjustment reflects additional recording of fair value
adjustment of the acquired loan portfolio. 

(m)  Adjustment reflects adjustment to the core deposit
intangible on the acquired core deposit accounts. 

(n)  Adjustment reflects the additional deferred taxes
on the difference in the carrying values of acquired assets and assumed liabilities for financial reporting purposes and their
basis for federal income tax purposes. 

(o)  Subsequent to acquisition, the acquired securities
sold under agreements to repurchase were converted to deposit accounts and are no longer reported as securities sold under agreements
to repurchase on the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2015. 

Goodwill of $14.6 million, which is the
excess of the purchase price over the fair value of net assets acquired, was recorded in the Merchants acquisition and is the
result of expected operational synergies and other factors. This goodwill is not expected to be deductible for tax purposes. 

In the acquisition, the Company purchased
$191.5 million of loans at fair value, net of $8.4 million, or 4.21%, estimated discount to the outstanding principal balance.
Of the total loans acquired, management identified $11.2 million that were considered to be credit impaired and are accounted
for under ASC Topic 310-30. The table below summarizes the total contractually required principal and interest cash payments,
management s estimate of expected total cash payments and fair value of the loans as of acquisition date for purchased credit
impaired loans. Contractually required principal and interest payments have been adjusted for estimated prepayments. 

The following table presents the acquired
loan data for the Merchants acquisition. 

The results of operations of JAXB and
Merchants subsequent to the respective acquisition dates are included in the Company s consolidated statements of operations. The
following unaudited pro forma information reflects the Company s estimated consolidated results of operations as if the
acquisitions had occurred on January 1, 2015, unadjusted for potential cost savings (in thousands). 

A rollforward of purchased non-covered loans for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016, the year ended December 31, 2015 and the nine months ended September 30, 2015 is shown below: 

The following is a summary of changes in the accretable discounts
of purchased non-covered loans during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the year ended December 31, 2015 and
the nine months ended September 30, 2015: 

NOTE 3   INVESTMENT SECURITIES  

 The Company s investment policy
blends the Company s liquidity needs and interest rate risk management with its desire to increase income and provide
funds for expected growth in loans. The investment securities portfolio consists primarily of U.S. government-sponsored mortgage-backed
securities and agencies, state, county and municipal securities and corporate debt securities. The Company s portfolio
and investing philosophy concentrate activities in obligations where the credit risk is limited. For the small portion
of the Company s portfolio found to present credit risk, the Company has reviewed the investments and financial performance of
the obligors and believes the credit risk to be acceptable. 

The amortized cost and estimated fair value of investment securities
available for sale at September 30, 2016, December 31, 2015 and September 30, 2015 are presented below: 

The amortized cost and fair value of available-for-sale securities
at September 30, 2016 by contractual maturity are summarized in the table below. Expected maturities for mortgage-backed
securities may differ from contractual maturities because in certain cases borrowers can prepay obligations without prepayment
penalties. Therefore, these securities are not included in the following maturity summary. 

Securities with a carrying value of approximately
$416.8 million serve as collateral to secure public deposits, securities sold under agreements to repurchase and for other
purposes required or permitted by law at September 30, 2016, compared with $551.0 million and $381.9 million at December
31, 2015 and September 30, 2015, respectively. 

The following table details the gross unrealized losses and
fair value of securities aggregated by category and duration of continuous unrealized loss position at September 30, 2016, December 31,
2015 and September 30, 2015. 

As of September 30, 2016, the Company s
securities portfolio consisted of 414 securities, 28 of which were in an unrealized loss position. The majority of unrealized
losses are related to the Company s mortgage-backed securities, as discussed below. 

At September 30, 2016, the Company held
23 mortgage-backed securities that were in an unrealized loss position, all of which were issued by U.S. government-sponsored
entities and agencies. Because the decline in fair value is attributable to changes in interest rates and illiquidity, and not
credit quality, and because the Company does not have the intent to sell these mortgage-backed securities and it is likely that
it will not be required to sell the securities before their anticipated recovery, the Company does not consider these securities
to be other-than-temporarily impaired at September 30, 2016. 

At September 30, 2016, the Company held
three state, county and municipal securities and two corporate debt securities that were in an unrealized loss position. Because
the decline in fair value is attributable to changes in interest rates, and not credit quality, and because the Company does not
have the intent to sell these securities and it is likely that it will not be required to sell the securities before their anticipated
recovery, the Company does not consider these securities to be other-than-temporarily impaired at September 30, 2016. 

During the first nine months of 2016 and
2015, the Company received timely and current interest and principal payments on all of the securities classified as corporate
debt securities, except for one security that began deferring interest during the fourth quarter of 2010. The Company s
investments in subordinated debt include investments in regional and super-regional banks on which the Company prepares regular
analysis through review of financial information and credit ratings. Investments in preferred securities are also concentrated
in the preferred obligations of regional and super-regional banks through non-pooled investment structures. The Company did not
have investments in  pooled  trust preferred securities at September 30, 2016, December 31, 2015 or September 30,
2015. 

Management and the Company s Asset
and Liability Committee (the  ALCO Committee ) evaluate securities for other-than-temporary impairment at least on
a quarterly basis, and more frequently when economic or market conditions warrant such evaluation. While the majority of
the unrealized losses on debt securities relate to changes in interest rates, corporate debt securities have also been affected
by reduced levels of liquidity and higher risk premiums. Occasionally, management engages independent third parties to evaluate
the Company s position in certain corporate debt securities to aid management and the ALCO Committee in its determination
regarding the status of impairment. The Company believes that each investment poses minimal credit risk and further, that the
Company does not intend to sell these investment securities at an unrealized loss position at September 30, 2016, and it is more
likely than not that the Company will not be required to sell these securities prior to recovery or maturity. Therefore, at September
30, 2016, these investments are not considered impaired on an other-than-temporary basis. 

At September 30, 2016, December 31,
2015 and September 30, 2015, all of the Company s mortgage-backed securities were obligations of government-sponsored agencies. 

The following table is a summary of sales activities in the
Company s investment securities available for sale for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, year ended December 31,
2015 and nine months ended September 30, 2015: 

NOTE 4   LOANS   

 The Bank engages in a full complement
of lending activities, including real estate-related loans, agriculture-related loans, commercial and financial loans and consumer
installment loans within select markets in Georgia, Alabama, Florida and South Carolina. During the third quarter of 2016, the
Bank began purchasing from an unrelated third party consumer installment home improvement loans made to borrowers throughout the
United States. The Bank also purchased residential mortgage loan pools during 2015 and 2016 collateralized by properties located
outside our Southeast markets, specifically in California, Washington and Illinois. The Bank concentrates the majority of its
lending activities in real estate loans. While risk of loss in the Company s portfolio is primarily tied to the credit
quality of the various borrowers, risk of loss may increase due to factors beyond the Company s control, such as local,
regional and/or national economic downturns. General conditions in the real estate market may also impact the relative risk
in the real estate portfolio. 

A substantial portion of the Bank s
loans are secured by real estate in the Bank s primary market area. In addition, a substantial portion of the OREO
is located in those same markets. Accordingly, the ultimate collectability of a substantial portion of the Bank s loan
portfolio and the recovery of a substantial portion of the carrying amount of OREO are susceptible to changes in real estate conditions
in the Bank s primary market area. 

Commercial, financial and agricultural
loans include both secured and unsecured loans for working capital, expansion, crop production, and other business purposes, including
SBA guaranteed loans and municipal loans. Short-term working capital loans are secured by non-real estate collateral such as accounts
receivable, crops, inventory and equipment. The Bank evaluates the financial strength, cash flow, management, credit history of
the borrower and the quality of the collateral securing the loan. The Bank often requires personal guarantees and secondary sources
of repayment on commercial, financial and agricultural loans. 

Real estate loans include construction
and development loans, commercial and farmland loans and residential loans. Construction and development loans include loans for
the development of residential neighborhoods, one-to-four family home residential construction loans to builders and consumers,
and commercial real estate construction loans, primarily for owner-occupied properties. The Company limits its construction lending
risk through adherence to established underwriting procedures. Commercial real estate loans include loans secured by owner-occupied
commercial buildings for office, storage, retail, farmland and warehouse space. They also include non-owner occupied commercial
buildings such as leased retail and office space. Commercial real estate loans may be larger in size and may involve a greater
degree of risk than one-to-four family residential mortgage loans. Payments on such loans are often dependent on successful operation
or management of the properties. Residential loans represent permanent mortgage financing and are secured by residential properties
located within the Bank's market areas, along with warehouse lines of credit secured by residential mortgages. 

Consumer installment loans and other loans
include home improvement loans, automobile loans, boat and recreational vehicle financing, and secured and unsecured personal
loans. Consumer loans carry greater risks than other loans, as the collateral can consist of rapidly depreciating assets such
as automobiles and equipment that may not provide an adequate source of repayment of the loan in the case of default. 

Loans are stated at unpaid balances, net of unearned income
and deferred loan fees. Balances within the major loans receivable categories are presented in the following table, excluding
purchased non-covered and covered loans: 

Purchased non-covered loans are defined as loans that were
acquired in bank acquisitions that are not covered by a loss-sharing agreement with the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
(the  FDIC ). Purchased non-covered loans totaling $1.07 billion, $771.6 million and $767.5 million at September 30,
2016, December 31, 2015 and September 30, 2015, respectively, are not included in the above schedule. 

Purchased non-covered loans are shown below according to major
loan type as of the end of the periods shown: 

Purchased loan pools are defined as groups
of residential mortgage loans that were not acquired in bank acquisitions or FDIC-assisted transactions. As of September 30, 2016,
purchased loan pools totaled $624.9 million and consisted of whole-loan, adjustable rate residential mortgages on properties outside
the Company s markets, with principal balances totaling $614.4 million and $10.5 million of remaining purchase premium paid
at acquisition. As of December 31, 2015, purchased loan pools totaled $593.0 million and consisted of whole-loan, adjustable rate
residential mortgages on properties outside the Company s markets, with principal balances totaling $580.7 million and $12.3
million of purchase premium paid at acquisition. As of September 30, 2015, purchased loan pools totaled $410.1 million and consisted
of whole-loan, adjustable rate residential mortgages on properties outside the Company s markets, with principal balances
totaling $402.1 million and $8.0 million of purchase premium paid at acquisition. At September 30, 2016, one loan in the purchased
loan pools with a principal balance of $864,000 was past due and risk-rated grade 40, while all other loans included in the purchased
loan pools were performing current loans, risk-rated grade 20. At December 31, 2015 and September 30, 2015, all loans included
in the purchased loan pools were performing current loans, all risk-rated grade 20. At September 30, 2016, December 31, 2015 and
September 30, 2015, the Company had allocated $2.0 million, $581,000 and $402,000, respectively, of allowance for loan losses
for the purchased loan pools. As part of the due diligence process prior to purchasing an individual mortgage pool, a complete
re-underwrite of the individual loan files was conducted. The underwriting process included a review of all income, asset, credit
and property related documentation that was used to originate the loan. Underwriters utilized the originating lender s program
guidelines, as well as general prudent mortgage lending standards, to assess each individual loan file.  Additional research
was conducted to assess the real estate market conditions and market expectations in the geographic areas where a collateral concentration
existed. As part of this review, an automated valuation model was employed to provide current collateral valuations and to support
individual loan-to-value ratios.  Additionally, a sample of site inspections was completed to provide further assurance.
 The results of the due diligence review were evaluated by officers of the Company in order to determine overall conformance
to the Bank s credit and lending policies. 

Covered loans are defined as loans that were acquired in FDIC-assisted
transactions that are covered by a loss-sharing agreement with the FDIC. Covered loans totaling $62.3 million, $137.5 million
and $191.0 million at September 30, 2016, December 31, 2015 and September 30, 2015, respectively, are not included in
the above schedules. 

Covered loans are shown below according to loan type as of
the end of the periods shown: 

Nonaccrual and Past-Due Loans  

 A loan is placed on nonaccrual status
when, in management s judgment, the collection of the interest income appears doubtful. Interest receivable that has been
accrued and is subsequently determined to have doubtful collectability is charged against interest income.  Interest on loans
that are classified as nonaccrual is subsequently applied to principal until the loans are returned to accrual status. Loans are
returned to accrual status when all the principal and interest amounts contractually due are brought current and future payments
are reasonably assured.  Past-due loans are loans whose principal or interest is past due 30 days or more. In some cases,
where borrowers are experiencing financial difficulties, loans may be restructured to provide terms significantly different from
the original contractual terms. 

The following table presents an analysis
of loans accounted for on a nonaccrual basis, excluding purchased non-covered and covered loans: 

The following table presents an analysis of purchased non-covered
loans accounted for on a nonaccrual basis: 

The following table presents an analysis
of covered loans accounted for on a nonaccrual basis: 

The following table presents an analysis of past-due loans,
excluding purchased non-covered and covered past-due loans as of September 30, 2016, December 31, 2015 and September 30,
2015: 

The following table presents an analysis of purchased non-covered
past-due loans as of September 30, 2016, December 31, 2015 and September 30, 2015: 

The
following table presents an analysis of covered past-due loans as of September 30, 2016, December 31, 2015 and September
30, 2015:  

Impaired Loans   

 Loans are considered impaired when, based
on current information and events, it is probable the Company will be unable to collect all amounts due in accordance with the
original contractual terms of the loan agreements. Impaired loans include loans on nonaccrual status and accruing troubled debt
restructurings. When determining if the Company will be unable to collect all principal and interest payments due in accordance
with the contractual terms of the loan agreement, the Company considers the borrower s capacity to pay, which includes such
factors as the borrower s current financial statements, an analysis of global cash flow sufficient to pay all debt obligations
and an evaluation of secondary sources of repayment, such as guarantor support and collateral value. The Company individually
assesses for impairment all nonaccrual loans greater than $100,000 and all troubled debt restructurings greater than $100,000
(including all troubled debt restructurings, whether or not currently classified as such). The tables below include all loans
deemed impaired, whether or not individually assessed for impairment. If a loan is deemed impaired, a specific valuation allowance
is allocated, if necessary, so that the loan is reported net, at the present value of estimated future cash flows using the loan s
existing rate or at the fair value of collateral if repayment is expected solely from the collateral. Interest payments on impaired
loans are typically applied to principal unless collectability of the principal amount is reasonably assured, in which case interest
is recognized on a cash basis. 

The following is a summary of information pertaining to impaired
loans, excluding purchased non-covered and covered loans: 

The following table presents an analysis of information pertaining
to impaired loans, excluding purchased non-covered and covered loans as of September 30, 2016, December 31, 2015 and September
30, 2015: 

The following is a summary of information pertaining to purchased
non-covered impaired loans: 

The following table presents an analysis of information pertaining
to purchased non-covered impaired loans as of September 30, 2016, December 31, 2015 and September 30, 2015: 

The following is a summary of information pertaining to covered
impaired loans: 

The following table presents an analysis of information pertaining
to covered impaired loans as of September 30, 2016, December 31, 2015 and September 30, 2015: 

Credit Quality Indicators   

 The Company uses a nine category risk grading system to assign
a risk grade to each loan in the portfolio. The following is a description of the general characteristics of the grades: 

Grade 10   Prime Credit  
 This grade represents loans to the Company s most creditworthy borrowers or loans that are secured by cash or cash equivalents. 

Grade 15   Good Credit  
 This grade includes loans that exhibit one or more characteristics better than that of a  Satisfactory Credit . Generally,
the debt service coverage and borrower s liquidity is materially better than required by the Company s loan policy. 

Grade 20   Satisfactory Credit
   This grade is assigned to loans to borrowers who exhibit satisfactory credit histories, contain acceptable loan structures
and demonstrate ability to repay. 

Grade 23   Performing, Under-Collateralized
Credit    This grade is assigned to loans that are currently performing and supported by adequate financial information
that reflects repayment capacity but exhibits a loan-to-value ratio greater than 110%, based on a documented collateral valuation. 

Grade 25   Minimum Acceptable
Credit    This grade includes loans which exhibit all the characteristics of a  Satisfactory Credit , but warrant
more than normal level of banker supervision due to (i) circumstances which elevate the risks of performance (such as start-up
operations, untested management, heavy leverage and interim losses); (ii) adverse, extraordinary events that have affected, or
could affect, the borrower s cash flow, financial condition, ability to continue operating profitability or refinancing
(such as death of principal, fire and divorce); (iii) loans that require more than the normal servicing requirements (such
as any type of construction financing, acquisition and development loans, accounts receivable or inventory loans and floor plan
loans); (iv) existing technical exceptions which raise some doubts about the Bank s perfection in its collateral position
or the continued financial capacity of the borrower; or (v) improvements in formerly criticized borrowers, which may warrant
banker supervision. 

Grade 30   Other Asset Especially
Mentioned    This grade includes loans that exhibit potential weaknesses that deserve management s close attention.
If left uncorrected, these weaknesses may result in deterioration of the repayment prospects for the asset or in the Company s
credit position at some future date. 

Grade 40   Substandard  
 This grade represents loans which are inadequately protected by the current credit worthiness and paying capacity of the borrower
or of the collateral pledged, if any. These assets exhibit a well-defined weakness or are characterized by the distinct possibility
that the Bank will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected. These weaknesses may be characterized by past due
performance, operating losses or questionable collateral values. 

Grade 50   Doubtful    This
grade includes loans which exhibit all of the characteristics of a substandard loan with the added provision that the weaknesses
make collection or liquidation in full, on the basis of currently existing facts, conditions and values, highly questionable or
improbable. 

Grade 60   Loss    This
grade is assigned to loans which are considered uncollectible and of such little value that their continuance as active assets
of the Bank is not warranted. This classification does not mean that the loan has absolutely no recovery or salvage value, but
rather it is not practical or desirable to defer writing it off. 

The following table presents the loan portfolio, excluding
purchased non-covered and covered loans, by risk grade as of September 30, 2016: 

The following table presents the loan portfolio, excluding
purchased non-covered and covered loans, by risk grade as of December 31, 2015: 

The following table presents the loan portfolio, excluding
purchased non-covered and covered loans, by risk grade as of September 30, 2015: 

The following table presents the purchased non-covered loan
portfolio by risk grade as of September 30, 2016: 

The following table presents the purchased non-covered loan
portfolio by risk grade as of December 31, 2015: 

The following table presents the purchased non-covered loan
portfolio by risk grade as of September 30, 2015: 

The following table presents the covered loan portfolio by
risk grade as of September 30, 2016: 

The following table presents the covered loan portfolio by
risk grade as of December 31, 2015: 

The following table presents the covered loan portfolio by
risk grade as of September 30, 2015: 

Troubled Debt Restructurings  

The restructuring of a loan is considered
a  troubled debt restructuring  if both (i) the borrower is experiencing financial difficulties and (ii) the
Company has granted a concession. Concessions may include interest rate reductions to below market interest rates, principal forgiveness,
restructuring amortization schedules and other actions intended to minimize potential losses. The Company has exhibited the greatest
success for rehabilitation of the loan by a reduction in the rate alone (maintaining the amortization of the debt) or a combination
of a rate reduction and the forbearance of previously past due interest or principal. This has most typically been evidenced in
certain commercial real estate loans whereby a disruption in the borrower s cash flow resulted in an extended past due status,
of which the borrower was unable to catch up completely as the cash flow of the property ultimately stabilized at a level lower
than its original level. A reduction in rate, coupled with a forbearance of unpaid principal and/or interest, allowed the net
cash flows to service the debt under the modified terms. 

The Company s policy requires a
restructure request to be supported by a current, well-documented credit evaluation of the borrower s financial condition
and a collateral evaluation that is no older than six months from the date of the restructure. Key factors of that evaluation
include the documentation of current, recurring cash flows, support provided by the guarantor(s) and the current valuation of
the collateral. If the appraisal in the file is older than six months, an evaluation must be made as to the continued reasonableness
of the valuation. For certain income-producing properties, current rent rolls and/or other income information can be utilized
to support the appraisal valuation, when coupled with documented cap rates within our markets and a physical inspection of the
collateral to validate the current condition. 

The Company s policy states that
in the event a loan has been identified as a troubled debt restructuring, it should be assigned a grade of substandard and placed
on nonaccrual status until such time the borrower has demonstrated the ability to service the loan payments based on the restructured
terms   generally defined as six months of satisfactory payment history. Missed payments under the original loan terms are
not considered under the new structure; however, subsequent missed payments are considered non-performance and are not considered
toward the six month required term of satisfactory payment history. The Company s loan policy states that a nonaccrual loan
may be returned to accrual status when (i) none of its principal and interest is due and unpaid, and the Company expects repayment
of the remaining contractual principal and interest or (ii) it otherwise becomes well secured and in the process of collection.
Restoration to accrual status on any given loan must be supported by a well-documented credit evaluation of the borrower s
financial condition and the prospects for full repayment, approved by the Company s Chief Credit Officer. 

In the normal course of business, the
Company renews loans with a modification of the interest rate or terms that are not deemed as troubled debt restructurings because
the borrower is not experiencing financial difficulty. The Company modified loans in the first nine months of 2016 and 2015 totaling
$58.2 million and $77.4 million, respectively, under such parameters. 

As of September 30, 2016, December 31,
2015 and September 30, 2015, the Company had a balance of $17.1 million, $16.4 million and $13.9 million, respectively, in troubled
debt restructurings, excluding purchased non-covered and covered loans. The Company has recorded $1.2 million, $1.3 million and
$1.3 million in previous charge-offs on such loans at September 30, 2016, December 31, 2015 and September 30, 2015, respectively.
The Company s balance in the allowance for loan losses allocated to such troubled debt restructurings was $2.8 million,
$2.7 million and $183,000 at September 30, 2016, December 31, 2015 and September 30, 2015, respectively. At September 30, 2016,
the Company did not have any commitments to lend additional funds to debtors whose terms have been modified in troubled restructurings. 

During the nine months ending September
30, 2016 and 2015, the Company modified loans as troubled debt restructurings, excluding purchased non-covered and covered loans,
with principal balances of $2.9 million and $4.3 million, respectively, and these modifications did not have a material impact
on the Company s allowance for loan loss. The following table presents the loans by class modified as troubled debt restructurings,
excluding purchased non-covered and covered loans, which occurred during the nine months ending September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

Troubled debt restructurings, excluding
purchased non-covered and covered loans, with an outstanding balance of $793,000 and $2.6 million defaulted during the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and these defaults did not have a material impact on the Company s allowance
for loan loss. The following table presents the troubled debt restructurings by class that defaulted (defined as 30 days past
due) during the nine months ending September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

The following table presents the amount
of troubled debt restructurings by loan class, excluding purchased non-covered and covered loans, classified separately as accrual
and nonaccrual at September 30, 2016, December 31, 2015 and September 30, 2015: 

As of September 30, 2016, December 31,
2015 and September 30, 2015, the Company had a balance of $10.4 million, $10.0 million and $7.7 million, respectively, in troubled
debt restructurings included in purchased non-covered loans. The Company has recorded $752,000, $377,000 and $60,000 in previous
charge-offs on such loans at September 30, 2016, December 31, 2015 and September 30, 2015, respectively. At September 30, 2016,
the Company did not have any commitments to lend additional funds to debtors whose terms have been modified in troubled restructurings. 

During the nine months ending September
30, 2016 and 2015, the Company modified purchased non-covered loans as troubled debt restructurings, with principal balances of
$1.3 million and $2.4 million, respectively, and these modifications did not have a material impact on the Company s allowance
for loan loss. During the nine months ending September 30, 2016, the Company did not transfer any troubled debt restructurings
from the covered loan category to the purchased non-covered loan category due to the expiration of the loss-sharing portion of
the agreements. During the nine months ending September 30, 2015, the Company transferred troubled debt restructurings with principal
balances $4.1 million from the covered loan category to the purchased non-covered loan category due to the expiration of the loss-sharing
portion of the agreements. The following table presents the purchased non-covered loans by class modified as troubled debt restructurings,
which occurred during the nine months ending September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

Troubled debt restructurings included
in purchased non-covered loans with an outstanding balance of $217,000 and $618,000 defaulted during the nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and these defaults did not have a material impact on the Company s allowance for loan loss.
The following table presents the troubled debt restructurings by class that defaulted (defined as 30 days past due) during the
nine months ending September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

The following table presents the amount
of troubled debt restructurings by loan class of purchased non-covered loans, classified separately as accrual and nonaccrual
at September 30, 2016, December 31, 2015 and September 30, 2015: 

As of September 30, 2016, December 31,
2015 and September 30, 2015, the Company had a balance of $13.9 million, $15.5 million and $20.5 million, respectively, in troubled
debt restructurings included in covered loans. The Company has recorded $791,000, $1.2 million and $1.4 million in previous charge-offs
on such loans at September 30, 2016, December 31, 2015 and September 30, 2015, respectively. At September 30, 2016, the Company
did not have any commitments to lend additional funds to debtors whose terms have been modified in troubled restructurings. 

During the nine months ending September
30, 2016 and 2015, the Company modified covered loans as troubled debt restructurings with principal balances of $603,000 and
$2.5 million, respectively, and these modifications did not have a material impact on the Company s allowance for loan loss.
The following table presents the covered loans by class modified as troubled debt restructurings during the nine months ending
September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

Troubled debt restructurings of covered
loans with an outstanding balance of $516,000 and $1.3 million defaulted during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
respectively, and these defaults did not have a material impact on the Company s allowance for loan loss. The following
table presents the troubled debt restructurings by class that defaulted (defined as 30 days past due) during the nine months ending
September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

The following table presents the amount
of troubled debt restructurings by loan class of covered loans, classified separately as accrual and nonaccrual at September 30,
2016, December 31, 2015 and September 30, 2015: 

Allowance for Loan Losses  

The allowance for loan losses represents
an allowance for probable incurred losses in the loan portfolio. The adequacy of the allowance for loan losses is evaluated periodically
based on a review of all significant loans, with a particular emphasis on non-accruing, past-due and other loans that management
believes might be potentially impaired or warrant additional attention. The Company segregates the loan portfolio by type of loan
and utilizes this segregation in evaluating exposure to risks within the portfolio. In addition, based on internal reviews and
external reviews performed by regulatory authorities, the Company further segregates the loan portfolio by loan grades based on
an assessment of risk for a particular loan or group of loans. Certain reviewed loans are assigned specific allowances when a
review of relevant data determines that a general allocation is not sufficient or when the review affords management the opportunity
to adjust the amount of exposure in a given credit. In establishing allowances, management considers historical loan loss experience
but adjusts this data with a significant emphasis on current loan quality trends, current economic conditions and other factors
in the markets where the Company operates. Factors considered include, among others, current valuations of real estate in the
Company s markets, unemployment rates, the effect of weather conditions on agricultural related entities and other significant
local economic events.  

The Company has developed a methodology
for determining the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses which is monitored by the Company s Chief Credit Officer.
Procedures provide for the assignment of a risk rating for every loan included in the total loan portfolio, with the exception
of certain mortgage loans serviced at a third party, mortgage warehouse lines and overdraft protection loans, which are treated
as pools for risk-rating purposes. The risk rating schedule provides nine ratings of which five ratings are classified as pass
ratings and four ratings are classified as criticized ratings. Each risk rating is assigned a percentage factor to be applied
to the loan balance to determine the adequate amount of reserve. All relationships greater than $1.0 million and a sample of relationships
greater than $250,000 are reviewed annually by the Bank s independent internal loan review department. As a result of these
loan reviews, certain loans may be identified as having deteriorating credit quality. Other loans that surface as problem loans
may also be assigned specific reserves. Past-due loans are assigned risk ratings based on the number of days past due. The calculation
of the allowance for loan losses, including underlying data and assumptions, is reviewed regularly by the Company s Chief
Financial Officer and the independent internal loan review department. 

Loan losses are charged against the allowance
when management believes the collection of a loan s principal is unlikely. Subsequent recoveries are credited to the
allowance. Consumer loans are charged-off in accordance with the Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council s ( FFIEC )
Uniform Retail Credit Classification and Account Management Policy. Commercial loans are charged-off when they are deemed uncollectible,
which usually involves a triggering event within the collection effort. If the loan is collateral dependent, the loss is more
easily identified and is charged-off when it is identified, usually based upon receipt of an appraisal. However, when a loan has
guarantor support, the Company may carry the estimated loss as a reserve against the loan while collection efforts with the guarantor
are pursued. If, after collection efforts with the guarantor are complete, the deficiency is still considered uncollectible, the
loss is charged-off and any further collections are treated as recoveries. In all situations, when a loan is downgraded to an
Asset Quality Rating of 60 (Loss per the regulatory guidance), the uncollectible portion is charged-off. 

The following table details activity in
the allowance for loan losses by portfolio segment for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the year ended December 31,
2015 and the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Allocation of a portion of the allowance to one category of loans does not
preclude its availability to absorb losses in other categories. 

(1)  At September 30, 2016, loans individually evaluated
for impairment includes all nonaccrual loans greater than $100,000 and all troubled debt restructurings greater than $100,000,
including all troubled debt restructurings and not only those currently classified as troubled debt restructurings. 

(1)  At December 31, 2015, loans individually evaluated
for impairment includes all nonaccrual loans greater than $200,000 and all troubled debt restructurings greater than $100,000,
including all troubled debt restructurings and not only those currently classified as troubled debt restructurings. 

(1)  At September 30, 2015, loans individually evaluated
for impairment includes all nonaccrual loans greater than $200,000 and all troubled debt restructurings greater than $100,000,
including all troubled debt restructurings and not only those currently classified as troubled debt restructurings. 

NOTE 5   ASSETS ACQUIRED IN FDIC-ASSISTED ACQUISITIONS

From October 2009 through July 2012, the
Company participated in ten FDIC-assisted acquisitions whereby the Company purchased certain failed institutions out of the FDIC s
receivership. These institutions include the following: 

The determination of the initial fair
values of loans at the acquisition date and the initial fair values of the related FDIC indemnification assets involves a high
degree of judgment and complexity. The carrying values of the acquired loans and the FDIC indemnification assets reflect
management s best estimate of the fair value of each of these assets as of the date of acquisition. However, the amount
that the Company realizes on these assets could differ materially from the carrying values reflected in the financial statements
included in this report, based upon the timing and amount of collections on the acquired loans in future periods. Because
of the loss-sharing agreements with the FDIC on these assets, the Company does not expect to incur any significant losses. To
the extent the actual values realized for the acquired loans are different from the estimates, the indemnification assets will
generally be affected in an offsetting manner due to the loss-sharing support from the FDIC. 

FASB ASC 310-30,  Loans and Debt Securities
Acquired with Deteriorated Credit Quality  ( ASC 310-30 ), applies to a loan with evidence of deterioration of
credit quality since origination, acquired by completion of a transfer for which it is probable, at acquisition, that the investor
will be unable to collect all contractually required payments receivable. ASC 310-30 prohibits carrying over or creating
an allowance for loan losses upon initial recognition for loans which fall under the scope of this statement. At the acquisition
dates, a majority of these loans were valued based on the liquidation value of the underlying collateral because the future cash
flows are primarily based on the liquidation of underlying collateral. There was no allowance for credit losses established
related to these ASC 310-30 loans at the acquisition dates, based on the provisions of this statement. Over the life of the acquired
loans, the Company continues to estimate cash flows expected to be collected. If the expected cash flows expected to be collected
increases, then the Company adjusts the amount of accretable discount recognized on a prospective basis over the loan s
remaining life. If the expected cash flows expected to be collected decreases, then the Company records a provision for loan loss
in its consolidated statement of operations. 

Each acquisition with loss-sharing agreements
has separate agreements for the single family residential assets ( SFR ) and the non-single family assets ( NSF ).
The SFR agreements cover losses and recoveries for ten years. The NSF agreements are for eight years. During the first five years,
losses and recoveries are covered. During the final three years, only recoveries, net of expenses, are covered. The AUB SFR agreement
was terminated during 2012 and Ameris received a payment of $87,000. The AUB and USB NSF agreements passed their five-year anniversaries
during the fourth quarter of 2014, the SCB NSF agreement passed its five-year anniversary during the second quarter of 2015, the
FBJ, TBC and DBT NSF agreements passed their five-year anniversaries during the fourth quarter of 2015 and the HTB and OGB NSF
agreements passed their five-year anniversaries during the third quarter of 2016. Losses will no longer be reimbursed on these
agreements. The remaining NSF assets for these eight agreements have been reclassified to purchased non-covered loans and purchased
non-covered other real estate owned. 

At September 30, 2016, the Company s
FDIC loss-sharing payable totaled $7.8 million, which is comprised of an accrued clawback liability of $8.9 million and $1.3 million
in current activity incurred but not yet remitted to the FDIC (net recoveries offset by reimbursable expenses), less remaining
indemnification of $2.4 million (for reimbursements associated with anticipated losses in future quarters). 

The following table summarizes components
of all covered assets at September 30, 2016, December 31, 2015 and September 30, 2015 and their origin (dollars in thousands): 

A rollforward of acquired covered loans
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the year ended December 31, 2015 and the nine months ended September
30, 2015 is shown below: 

The following is a summary of changes
in the accretable discounts of acquired loans during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the year ended December 31,
2015 and the nine months ended September 30, 2015: 

The shared-loss agreements are subject
to the servicing procedures as specified in the agreement with the FDIC. The expected reimbursements under the shared-loss agreements
were recorded as an indemnification asset at their estimated fair values on the acquisition dates. As of September 30, 2016, December
31, 2015 and September 30, 2015, the Company has recorded a clawback liability of $8.9 million, $8.2 million and $7.7 million,
respectively, which represents the obligation of the Company to reimburse the FDIC should actual losses be less than certain thresholds
established in each loss-share agreement. Changes in the FDIC shared-loss receivable (payable) for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016, for the year ended December 31, 2015 and for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 are as
follows: 

NOTE 6. OTHER REAL ESTATE OWNED  

The following is a summary of the activity
in other real estate owned during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the year ended December 31, 2015 and the nine
months ended September 30, 2015: 

The following is a summary of the activity
in purchased, non-covered other real estate owned during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the year ended December 31,
2015 and the nine months ended September 30, 2015: 

The following is a summary of the activity in covered other
real estate owned during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the year ended December 31, 2015 and the nine months ended
September 30, 2015: 

NOTE 7   SECURITIES SOLD UNDER AGREEMENTS TO REPURCHASE

The Company classifies the sales of securities
under agreements to repurchase as short-term borrowings. The amounts received under these agreements are reflected as a liability
in the Company s consolidated balance sheets and the securities underlying these agreements are included in investment securities
in the Company s consolidated balance sheets. At September 30, 2016, December 31, 2015 and September 30, 2015, all securities
sold under agreements to repurchase mature on a daily basis. The market value of the securities fluctuate on a daily basis due
to market conditions. The Company monitors the market value of the securities underlying these agreements on a daily basis and
is required to transfer additional securities if the market value of the securities fall below the repurchase agreement price.
The Company maintains an unpledged securities portfolio that it believes is sufficient to protect against a decline in the market
value of the securities sold under agreements to repurchase. 

The following is a summary of the Company s securities
sold under agreements to repurchase at September 30, 2016, December 31, 2015 and September 30, 2015: 

At September 30, 2016, December 31, 2015
and September 30, 2015, the investment securities underlying these agreements were all mortgage-backed securities. 

NOTE 8   OTHER BORROWINGS    

 The Company has, from time to time, utilized
certain borrowing arrangements with various financial institutions to fund growth in earning assets or provide additional liquidity
when appropriate spreads can be realized. At September 30, 2016, December 31, 2015 and September 30, 2015, there were $373.5
million, $39.0 million and $39.0 million, respectively, in outstanding borrowings with the Company s correspondent banks. 

Other borrowings consist of the following: 

The advances from the Federal Home Loan
Bank ( FHLB ) are collateralized by a blanket lien on all first mortgage loans and other specific loans in addition
to FHLB stock. At September 30, 2016, $661.5 million was available for borrowing on lines with the FHLB. 

As of September 30, 2016, the Company
maintained credit arrangements with various financial institutions to purchase federal funds up to $67 million. 

At September 30, 2016, $4.0 million was available for borrowing
under the revolving credit agreement with a regional bank, secured by subsidiary bank stock. 

The Company also participates in the Federal
Reserve discount window borrowings. At September 30, 2016, the Company had $861.5 million of loans pledged at the Federal Reserve
discount window and had $574.7 million available for borrowing. 

NOTE 9   COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES   

  Loan Commitments   

 The Company is a party to financial instruments
with off-balance-sheet risk in the normal course of business to meet the financing needs of its customers. These financial
instruments include commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit. They involve, to varying degrees, elements
of credit risk and interest rate risk in excess of the amount recognized in the balance sheets. 

 The Company s exposure to credit
loss is represented by the contractual amount of those instruments. The Company uses the same credit policies in making commitments
and conditional obligations as it does for on-balance-sheet instruments. A summary of the Company s commitments is
as follows: 

Commitments to extend credit are agreements
to lend to a customer as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract. Commitments generally
have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee. Since many of the commitments
are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. The
amount of collateral obtained, if deemed necessary by the Company upon extension of credit, is based on management s credit
evaluation of the customer. 

Standby letters of credit are conditional
commitments issued by the Company to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party. Those guarantees are primarily
issued to support public and private borrowing arrangements. The credit risk involved in issuing letters of credit is essentially
the same as that involved in extending loans to customers. Collateral is required in instances which the Company deems necessary. 

Other Commitments   

During the third quarter of 2016, the
Bank began purchasing from an unrelated third party consumer installment home improvement loans made to borrowers throughout the
United States. Under the purchase agreement, the Bank has committed to increasing outstanding balances of the home improvement
loans by $12.5 million per month until the aggregate purchase commitment of $150.0 million has been reached. As of September 30,
2016, the carrying value of consumer installment home improvement loans purchased under the agreement totaled approximately $32.8
million. 

As of September 30, 2016, a $75.0 million
letter of credit issued by the Federal Home Loan Bank was used to guarantee the Bank s performance related to public fund
deposit balances. 

Contingencies   

Certain conditions may exist as of the
date the financial statements are issued, which may result in a loss to the Company but which will only be resolved when one or
more future events occur or fail to occur. The Company s management and its legal counsel assess such contingent liabilities,
and such assessment inherently involves an exercise of judgment. In assessing loss contingencies related to legal proceedings
that are pending against the Company or unasserted claims that may result in such proceedings, the Company s legal counsel
evaluates the perceived merits of any legal proceedings or unasserted claims as well as the perceived merits of the amount of
relief sought or expected to be sought therein. 

If the assessment of a contingency indicates
that it is probable that a material loss has been incurred and the amount of the liability can be estimated, then the estimated
liability would be accrued in the Company s financial statements. If the assessment indicates that a potentially material
loss contingency is not probable, but is reasonably possible, or is probable but cannot be estimated, then the nature of the contingent
liability, together with an estimate of the range of possible loss if determinable and material, would be disclosed. 

Loss contingencies considered remote are
generally not disclosed unless they involve guarantees, in which case the nature of the guarantee would be disclosed. 

A former borrower of the Company has filed
a claim related to a loan previously made by the Company asserting lender liability.  The case was tried without a jury and
an order was issued by the court against the Company awarding the borrower approximately $2.9 million on August 8, 2013. 
The order is currently on appeal to the South Carolina Court of Appeals and the Company is asserting it had no fiduciary responsibility
to the borrower.  As of September 30, 2016, the Company believes that it has valid bases in law and fact to overturn on appeal
the verdict. As a result, the Company believes that the likelihood that the amount of the judgment will be affirmed is not probable,
and, accordingly, that the amount of any loss cannot be reasonably estimated at this time. Because the Company believes that this
potential loss is not probable or estimable, it has not recorded any reserves or contingencies related to this legal matter. In
the event that the Company's assumptions used to evaluate this matter as neither probable nor estimable change in future periods,
it may be required to record a liability for an adverse outcome. 

NOTE 10  
ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME  

Accumulated other comprehensive income
for the Company consists of changes in net unrealized gains and losses on investment securities available for sale and interest
rate swap derivatives. The following tables present a summary of the accumulated other comprehensive income balances, net of tax,
as of September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

NOTE 11   WEIGHTED AVERAGE SHARES OUTSTANDING    

Earnings per share have been computed based on the following
weighted average number of common shares outstanding: 

For the three- and nine-month periods ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, there were no potential common shares with strike prices that would cause them to be anti-dilutive. 

NOTE 12   FAIR VALUE MEASURES     

The fair value of an asset or liability
is the current amount that would be exchanged between willing parties, other than in a forced liquidation. Fair value is best
determined based upon quoted market prices. However, in many instances, there are no quoted market prices for the Company s
various assets and liabilities. In cases where quoted market prices are not available, fair value is based on discounted cash flows
or other valuation techniques. These techniques are significantly affected by the assumptions used, including the discount
rate and estimates of future cash flows. Accordingly, the fair value estimates may not be realized in an immediate settlement
of the asset or liability. The accounting standard for disclosures about fair value measures excludes certain financial instruments
and all nonfinancial instruments from its disclosure requirements. Accordingly, the aggregate fair value amounts presented
may not necessarily represent the underlying fair value of the Company. 

The Company has elected to record mortgage
loans held-for-sale at fair value in order to eliminate the complexities and inherent difficulties of achieving hedge accounting
and to better align reported results with the underlying economic changes in value of the loans and related hedge instruments.
This election impacts the timing and recognition of origination fees and costs, as well as servicing value, which are now recognized
in earnings at the time of origination. Interest income on mortgage loans held-for-sale is recorded on an accrual basis in the
consolidated statement of earnings and comprehensive income under the heading  Interest income   interest and fees
on loans . The servicing value is included in the fair value of the interest rate lock commitments ( IRLCs )
with borrowers. The mark to market adjustments related to loans held-for-sale and the associated economic hedges are captured in
mortgage banking activities. Net gains of $4.9 million and $3.3 million resulting from fair value changes of these mortgage loans
were recorded in income during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The amount does not reflect changes
in fair values of related derivative instruments used to hedge exposure to market-related risks associated with these mortgage
loans. The change in fair value of both mortgage loans held for sale and the related derivative instruments are recorded in  Mortgage
banking activity  in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings and Comprehensive Income. The Company s valuation of mortgage
loans held for sale incorporates an assumption for credit risk; however, given the short-term period that the Company holds these
loans, valuation adjustments attributable to instrument-specific credit risk is nominal. 

The following table summarizes the difference
between the fair value and the principal balance for mortgage loans held for sale measured at fair value as of September 30, 2016,
December 31, 2015 and September 30, 2015: 

The Company utilizes fair value measurements
to record fair value adjustments to certain assets and liabilities and to determine fair value disclosures. Securities available
for sale, mortgage loans held for sale and derivatives are recorded at fair value on a recurring basis. From time to time, the
Company may be required to record at fair value other assets on a nonrecurring basis, such as impaired loans and OREO. Additionally,
the Company is required to disclose, but not record, the fair value of other financial instruments. 

Fair Value Hierarchy    

The Company groups assets and liabilities
at fair value in three levels, based on the markets in which the assets and liabilities are traded and the reliability of the assumptions
used to determine fair value. These levels are: 

Level 1 -  Quoted prices in active
markets for identical assets or liabilities. 

Level 2 -  Observable inputs other
than Level 1 prices, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or
other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets
or liabilities. 

Level 3 -  Unobservable inputs that
are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities. 

The following methods and assumptions were
used by the Company in estimating the fair value of assets and liabilities recorded at fair value and for estimating the fair value
of its financial instruments: 

Cash and Due From Banks, Federal Funds
Sold and Interest-Bearing Accounts:  The carrying amount of cash and due from banks, federal funds sold and interest-bearing
accounts approximates fair value. 

Investment Securities Available for
Sale:  The fair value of securities available for sale is determined by various valuation methodologies. Where quoted
market prices are available in an active market, securities are classified within Level 1 of the valuation hierarchy. If quoted
market prices are not available, then fair values are estimated by using pricing models, quoted prices of securities with similar
characteristics, or discounted cash flows. Level 2 securities include mortgage-backed securities issued by government-sponsored
enterprises and municipal bonds. The Level 2 fair value pricing is provided by an independent third-party and is based upon similar
securities in an active market. In certain cases where Level 1 or Level 2 inputs are not available, securities are classified
within Level 3 of the hierarchy and include certain residual municipal securities and other less liquid securities. 

Other Investments:  FHLB stock is
included in other investments at its original cost basis. It is not practical to determine the fair value of FHLB stock due to
restrictions placed on its transferability. 

Mortgage Loans Held for Sale:  The
Company records mortgage loans held for sale at fair value. The fair value of mortgage loans held for sale is determined on outstanding
commitments from third party investors in the secondary markets and is classified within Level 2 of the valuation hierarchy. 

Loans:  The carrying amount of variable-rate
loans that reprice frequently and have no significant change in credit risk approximates fair value. The fair value of fixed-rate
loans is estimated based on discounted contractual cash flows, using interest rates currently being offered for loans with similar
terms to borrowers with similar credit quality. The fair value of impaired loans is estimated based on discounted contractual
cash flows or underlying collateral values, where applicable. A loan is determined to be impaired if the Company believes it is
probable that all principal and interest amounts due according to the terms of the note will not be collected as scheduled. The
fair value of impaired loans is determined in accordance with ASC 310-10,  Accounting by Creditors for Impairment of a Loan ,
and generally results in a specific reserve established through a charge to the provision for loan losses. Losses on impaired loans
are charged to the allowance when management believes the uncollectability of a loan is confirmed. Management has determined
that the majority of impaired loans are Level 3 assets due to the extensive use of market appraisals. 

Other Real Estate Owned:  The fair
value of other real estate owned ( OREO ) is determined using certified appraisals, internal evaluations and broker
price opinions that value the property at its highest and best uses by applying traditional valuation methods common to the
industry. The Company does not hold any OREO for profit purposes and all other real estate is actively marketed for sale. In
most cases, management has determined that additional write-downs are required beyond what is calculable from the appraisal to
carry the property at levels that would attract buyers. Because this additional write-down is not based on observable inputs, management
has determined that other real estate owned should be classified as Level 3. 

Covered Other Real Estate Owned: 
Covered other real estate owned includes other real estate owned on which the majority of losses would be covered by loss-sharing
agreements with the FDIC. Management initially valued these assets at fair value using mostly unobservable inputs and, as such,
has classified these assets as Level 3. 

Intangible Assets:  Intangible assets
consist of core deposit premiums acquired in connection with business combinations and are based on the established value of acquired
customer deposits. The core deposit premium is initially recognized based on a valuation performed as of the consummation
date and is amortized over an estimated useful life of three to ten years. 

FDIC Loss-Share Receivable/Payable:
 Because the FDIC will reimburse the Company for certain acquired loans should the Company experience a loss, an indemnification
asset is recorded at fair value at the acquisition date. The indemnification asset is recognized at the same time as the indemnified
loans, and measured on the same basis, subject to collectability or contractual limitations. The shared loss agreements on the
acquisition date reflect the reimbursements expected to be received from the FDIC, using an appropriate discount rate, which reflects
counterparty credit risk and other uncertainties. The shared loss agreements continue to be measured on the same basis as the related
indemnified loans, and the loss-share receivable is impacted by changes in estimated cash flows associated with these loans. 

Accrued Interest Receivable/Payable:  The
carrying amount of accrued interest receivable and accrued interest payable approximates fair value. 

Cash Value of Bank Owned Life Insurance:
 The carrying value of cash value of bank owned life insurance approximates fair value. 

Deposits:  The carrying amount
of demand deposits, savings deposits and variable-rate certificates of deposit approximates fair value. The fair value of fixed-rate
certificates of deposit is estimated based on discounted contractual cash flows using interest rates currently offered for certificates
with similar maturities. 

Securities Sold under Agreements to
Repurchase and Other Borrowings:  The carrying amount of variable rate borrowings and securities sold under repurchase
agreements approximates fair value and are classified as Level 1. The fair value of fixed rate other borrowings is estimated
based on discounted contractual cash flows using the current incremental borrowing rates for similar borrowing arrangements and
are classified as Level 2. 

Subordinated Deferrable Interest Debentures:
 The fair value of the Company s variable rate trust preferred securities is based primarily upon discounted cash flows
using rates for securities with similar terms and remaining maturities and are classified as Level 2. 

Off-Balance-Sheet Instruments:  Because
commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit are typically made using variable rates and have short maturities, the
carrying value and fair value are immaterial for disclosure. 

Derivatives:  The Company has entered
into derivative financial instruments to manage interest rate risk. The valuation of these instruments is determined using widely
accepted valuation techniques including discounted cash flow analysis on the expected cash flows of the derivatives. This analysis
reflects the contractual terms of the derivative, including the period to maturity, and uses observable market-based inputs, including
interest rate curves and implied volatilities. The fair value of the derivatives is determined using the market standard methodology
of netting the discounted future fixed cash receipts and the discounted expected variable cash payments. The variable cash payments
are based on an expectation of future interest rates (forward curves derived from observable market interest rate curves). 

The Company incorporates credit valuation
adjustments to appropriately reflect both its own nonperformance risk and the respective counterparty s nonperformance risk
in the fair value measurements. In adjusting the fair value of its derivative contracts for the effect of nonperformance risk,
the Company has considered the impact of netting any applicable credit enhancements such as collateral postings, thresholds, mutual
puts and guarantees. 

Although the Company has determined that
the majority of the inputs used to value its derivatives fall within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy, the credit valuation
adjustments associated with its derivatives utilize Level 3 inputs, such as estimates of current credit spreads to evaluate the
likelihood of default by itself or the counterparty. However, as of September 30, 2016, December 31, 2015 and September
30, 2015, the Company has assessed the significance of the impact of the credit valuation adjustments on the overall valuation
of its derivative positions and has determined that the credit valuation adjustment is not significant to the overall valuation
of its derivatives. As a result, the Company has determined that its derivative valuation in its entirety is classified in Level
2 of the fair value hierarchy. 

The following table presents the fair value measurements of
assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis and the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair
value measurements fall as of September 30, 2016, December 31, 2015 and September 30, 2015 (dollars in thousands): 

The following table presents the fair value
measurements of assets measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis, as well as the general classification of such instruments
pursuant to the valuation hierarchy as of September 30, 2016, December 31, 2015 and September 30, 2015 (dollars in thousands): 

The inputs used to determine estimated
fair value of impaired loans and covered loans include market conditions, loan terms, underlying collateral characteristics and
discount rates. The inputs used to determine fair value of other real estate owned and covered other real estate owned include
market conditions, estimated marketing period or holding period, underlying collateral characteristics and discount rates. 

For the nine months ended September 30,
2016, the year ended December 31, 2015 and the nine months ended September 30, 2015, there was not a change in the methods and
significant assumptions used to estimate fair value. 

The following table shows significant unobservable
inputs used in the fair value measurement of Level 3 assets and liabilities (dollars in thousands): 

Fair
    Value            
      Valuation
    Technique       
      Unobservable
    Inputs       
      Range
    of 
    Discounts            
      Weighted
      Average   Discount        

As of September 30, 2016       

Nonrecurring:       

Impaired
    loans       
      $    26,210            
      Third-party appraisals and discounted
    cash flows       
      Collateral discounts and discount rates       
           15%
                                         - 100    %        
           27    %   
 
      Other
    real estate owned       
      $    425            
      Third-party appraisals, sales contracts,
    broker price opinions       
      Collateral discounts and estimated costs to sell       
           10%
                                         - 90    %        
           12    %   
 
      Purchased
    non-covered other real estate owned       
      $    14,126            
      Third-party appraisals       
      Collateral discounts and estimated costs to sell       
           10%
                                         - 75    %        
           15    %   
 
      Covered
    other real estate owned        
      $    1,000            
      Third-party appraisals       
      Collateral discounts and estimated costs to sell       
           15%
                                         - 56    %        
           16    %   
 
      Recurring:       

Investment
    securities available for sale       
      $    1,500            
      Discounted par values       
      Credit quality of underlying issuer       
           0    %       
           0    %   

As of December 31,
    2015        

Nonrecurring:       

Impaired
    loans       
      $    27,069            
      Third-party appraisals and discounted cash
    flows       
      Collateral discounts and discount rates       
           0%
                                         - 100    %        
           29    %   
 
      Other
    real estate owned       
      $    10,456            
      Third-party appraisals, sales contracts,
    broker price opinions       
      Collateral discounts and estimated costs to sell       
           10%
                                         - 90    %        
           13    %   
 
      Purchased
    non-covered other real estate owned       
      $    14,333            
      Third-party appraisals       
      Collateral discounts and estimated costs to sell       
           10%
                                         - 69    %        
           19    %   
 
      Covered
    other real estate owned        
      $    5,011            
      Third-party appraisals       
      Collateral discounts and estimated costs to sell       
           0%
                                         - 74    %        
           12    %   
 
      Recurring:       

Investment
    securities available for sale       
      $    2,998            
      Discounted par values       
      Credit quality of underlying issuer       
           0    %       
           0    %   

As of September 30, 2015        

Nonrecurring:       

Impaired
    loans       
      $    27,859            
      Third-party  appraisals and discounted
    cash flows       
      Collateral discounts and discount rates       
           0%
                                         - 50    %        
           25    %   
 
      Other
    real estate owned       
      $    5,737            
      Third-party appraisals, sales contracts,
    broker price opinions       
      Collateral discounts and estimated costs to sell       
           0%
                                         - 43    %        
           14    %   
 
      Purchased
    non-covered other real estate owned       
      $    11,538            
      Third-party appraisals       
      Collateral discounts and estimated costs to sell       
           0%
                                         -75    %        
           20    %   
 
      Covered
    other real estate owned        
      $    12,203            
      Third-party appraisals       
      Collateral discounts and estimated costs to sell       
           0%
                                         - 73    %        
           12    %   
 
      Recurring:       

Investment
    securities available for sale       
      $    2,500            
      Discounted par values       
      Credit quality of underlying issuer       
           0    %       
           0    %   

The carrying amount and estimated fair
value of the Company s financial instruments, not shown elsewhere in these financial statements, were as follows: 

NOTE 13   SEGMENT REPORTING  

The following tables present selected financial information
with respect to the Company s reportable business segments for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

The following tables present selected financial information
with respect to the Company s reportable business segments for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations.  

Cautionary Note Regarding Any Forward-Looking Statements  

Certain of the statements made in this
report are  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of, and subject to the protections of, Section 27A
of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ). Forward-looking statements include statements with respect to our beliefs,
plans, objectives, goals, expectations, anticipations, assumptions, estimates, intentions and future performance and involve known
and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, many of which may be beyond our control and which may cause the actual results,
performance or achievements of the Company to be materially different from future results, performance or achievements expressed
or implied by such forward-looking statements. 

All statements other than statements of
historical fact are statements that could be forward-looking statements. You can identify these forward-looking statements
through our use of words such as  may,   will,   anticipate,   assume,   should, 
 indicate,   would,   believe,   contemplate,   expect,   estimate, 
 continue,   plan,   point to,   project,   predict,   could, 
 intend,   target,   potential  and other similar words and expressions of the future. These
forward-looking statements may not be realized due to a variety of factors, including, without limitation, legislative and regulatory
initiatives; additional competition in our markets; potential business strategies, including acquisitions or dispositions of assets
or internal restructuring, that may be pursued by us; state and federal banking regulations; changes in or application of environmental
and other laws and regulations to which we are subject; political, legal and economic conditions and developments; financial market
conditions and the results of financing efforts; changes in commodity prices and interest rates; weather, natural disasters and
other catastrophic events; and other factors discussed in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Exchange
Act. 

All written or oral forward-looking statements
that are made by or are attributable to us are expressly qualified in their entirety by this cautionary notice. Our forward-looking
statements apply only as of the date of this report or the respective date of the document from which they are incorporated herein
by reference. We have no obligation and do not undertake to update, revise or correct any of the forward-looking statements
after the date of this report, or after the respective dates on which such statements otherwise are made, whether as a result of
new information, future events or otherwise. 

Overview   

The following is management s discussion
and analysis of certain significant factors which have affected the financial condition and results of operations of the Company
as reflected in the unaudited consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2016, as compared with December 31, 2015, and
operating results for the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. These comments should be read in
conjunction with the Company s unaudited consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes appearing elsewhere herein. 

The following table sets forth unaudited
selected financial data for the previous five quarters. This data should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial
statements and the notes thereto and the information contained in this Item 2. 

Results of Operations for the Three Months Ended September
30, 2016 and 2015  

Consolidated Earnings and Profitability    

 Ameris reported net income available to common shareholders
of $21.6 million, or $0.61 per diluted share, for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, compared with $15.6 million, or $0.48 per
diluted share, for the same period in 2015. The Company s return on average assets and average shareholders 
equity were 1.35% and 13.39%, respectively, in the third quarter of 2016, compared with 1.19% and 12.53%, respectively, in the
third quarter of 2015. During the third quarter of 2015, the Company recorded $0.3 million of after-tax merger and conversion charges.
Excluding these merger and conversion charges, the Company s net income would have been $15.9 million, or $0.49 per diluted
share, for the third quarter of 2015. Below is a reconciliation of operating net income to net income, as discussed above. 

The Company s retail banking activities
have had a significant impact on the overall financial results of the Company. Below is additional information regarding the retail
banking activities, mortgage banking activities, warehouse lending activities and SBA activities of the Company during the third
quarter of 2016 and 2015, respectively: 

Net Interest Income and Margins    

The following tables set forth the amount
of the Company s interest income or interest expense for each category of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities
and the average interest rate for total interest-earning assets and total interest-bearing liabilities, net interest spread and
net interest margin on average interest-earning assets. Federally tax-exempt income is presented on a taxable-equivalent basis
assuming a 35% federal tax rate. 

On a tax-equivalent basis, net interest
income for the third quarter of 2016 was $58.0 million, an increase of $9.9 million, or 20.6%, compared with $48.1 million reported
in the same quarter in 2015. The higher net interest income is a result of organic loan growth in the loan portfolio, growth
in purchased loan pools and acquisition activity during the first quarter of 2016 coupled with continued low rates in the Company s
cost of funds. The Company s net interest margin decreased during the third quarter of 2016 to 3.99%, compared with
4.01% during the second quarter of 2016, and compared with 4.07% reported in the third quarter of 2015. 

Total interest income, on a tax-equivalent
basis, during the third quarter of 2016 was $63.2 million, compared with $51.9 million in the same quarter of 2015. Yields
on earning assets declined to 4.35%, compared with 4.39% reported in the third quarter of 2015. During the third quarter of 2016,
loans comprised 83.6% of earning assets, compared with 77.4% in the same quarter of 2015. This increase is a result of organic
growth in the loan portfolio, growth in purchased pool loans and acquisition activity during the first quarter of 2016. Yields
on legacy loans decreased to 4.62% in the third quarter of 2016, compared with 4.86% in the same period of 2015. The yield on purchased
non-covered loans increased from 5.99% in the third quarter of 2015 to 6.46% during the third quarter of 2016. Yields on purchase
loan pools declined from 3.68% in the third quarter of 2015 to 2.75% in the same period in 2016. This decrease in yield on purchased
loan pools was attributable to accelerated prepayments and an adjustment on the remaining life of the pools and associated premiums.
Covered loan yields decreased from 6.49% in the third quarter of 2015 to 5.86% in the third quarter of 2016. Management anticipates
improving economic conditions and increased loan demand will provide consistent interest income. 

Total funding costs increased to 0.36%
in the third quarter of 2016, compared with 0.32% during the third quarter of 2015. Deposit costs increased slightly from 0.22%
in the third quarter of 2015 to 0.23% in the third quarter of 2016. Non-deposit funding costs decreased from 3.31% in the third
quarter of 2015 to 1.89% in the third quarter of 2016. The decrease in non-deposit funding costs was driven primarily by an increased
utilization of low rate short-term FHLB advances. Ongoing efforts to maintain the percentage of funding from transaction deposits
have succeeded such that non-CD deposits averaged 83.0% of total deposits in the third quarter of 2016, compared with 80.8% during
the third quarter of 2015. Further opportunity to realize savings on interest expense on deposits may be limited due to the current
low level of deposit rates. Average balances of interest bearing deposits and their respective costs for the third quarter of 2016
and 2015 are shown below: 

Provision for Loan Losses   

 The Company s provision for loan
losses during the third quarter of 2016 amounted to $811,000, compared with $889,000 in the second quarter of 2016 and $986,000
in the third quarter of 2015. At September 30, 2016, classified loans still accruing totaled $42.0 million, compared with $46.7
million at September 30, 2015. Non-performing assets as a percentage of total assets decreased from 1.23% at September 30, 2015
to 0.92% at September 30, 2016. Net charge-offs on legacy loans during the third quarter of 2016 were $371,000, or 0.05% of average
legacy loans on an annualized basis, compared with $237,000, or 0.04%, in the third quarter of 2015. The Company s allowance
for loan losses allocated to legacy loans at September 30, 2016 was $19.4 million, or 0.63% of legacy loans, decreasing from $22.1
million, or 0.96% of legacy loans, at September 30, 2015 due to improved credit quality of the legacy loan portfolio. The
Company s total allowance for loan losses at September 30, 2016 was $23.0 million, or 0.47% of total loans, decreasing from
$22.5 million, or 0.61% of total loans, at September 30, 2015, due to improved credit quality of the loan portfolio. 

Noninterest Income    

Total non-interest income for the third
quarter of 2016 was $28.9 million, compared with $25.0 million in the third quarter of 2015.  Service charges on deposit accounts
in the third quarter of 2016 increased to $11.4 million, compared with $10.8 million in the third quarter of 2015. Stronger growth
in commercial and treasury management accounts contributed to the growth in income, as did growth in core deposit accounts that
resulted from the Company s acquisition during the first quarter of 2016. Income from mortgage-related activities continued
to increase, from $10.4 million in the third quarter of 2015, to $14.1 million in the third quarter of 2016, as a result of the
Company s increased number of mortgage bankers and higher levels of production. Total production in the third quarter of
2016 amounted to $410.8 million, compared with $311.0 million in the same quarter of 2015, while spreads (gain on sale) increased
to 3.69% in the current quarter compared with 3.52% in the same quarter of 2015. The retail mortgage open pipeline finished the
third quarter of 2016 at $145.4 million, compared with $162.6 million at the beginning of the third quarter of 2016 and $105.3
million at the end of the third quarter of 2015. Other non-interest income remained stable at $2.6 million for the third quarter
of 2016, compared with $2.5 million during the third quarter of 2015. 

Noninterest Expense    

Total non-interest expenses for the third
quarter of 2016 increased to $53.2 million, compared with $48.4 million in the same quarter 2015. Salaries and employee benefits
increased from $24.9 million in the third quarter of 2015 to $28.0 million in the third quarter of 2016. Occupancy and equipment
expense remained stable at $6.0 million in the third quarter of 2016 compared with $5.9 million in the third quarter of 2015. Advertising
and marketing expense increased to $1.2 million for the third quarter 2016 compared with $667,000 in the third quarter of 2015.
Data processing and telecommunications expense increased to $6.2 million in the third quarter of 2016, compared with $5.3 million
in the third quarter of 2015. Other noninterest expenses increased from $8.7 million in the third quarter of 2015 to $9.3 million
in the third quarter of 2016. 

Income Taxes    

Income tax expense is influenced by the
amount of taxable income, the amount of tax-exempt income and the amount of non-deductible expenses. For the third quarter
of 2016, the Company reported income tax expense of $10.4 million, compared with $7.4 million in the same period of 2015. This
increase in income tax expense is directly correlated to the increase in pre-tax income for the periods. The Company s effective
tax rate for the three months ending September 30, 2016 and 2015 was 32.5% and 32.0%, respectively. 

Results of Operations for the Nine Months Ended September
30, 2016 and 2015  

 Ameris reported net income available to common shareholders
of $53.9 million, or $1.56 per diluted share, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared with $26.7 million, or $0.84
per diluted share, for the same period in 2015. During the first nine months of 2015, the Company completed the acquisition of
Merchants and completed the acquisition and data conversion of 18 additional branches in South Georgia and North Florida. The Company
recorded approximately $4.0 million of after-tax merger related charges from these acquisitions. Additionally, during the first
nine months of 2015, the Company recorded $7.3 million of after-tax OREO write-downs and other credit resolution-related expenses
related to an aggressive write-down on remaining non-performing assets. Excluding these acquisition and credit resolution-related
expenses, the Company s net income would have been $58.1 million, or $1.68 per diluted share, and $38.0 million, or $1.19
per diluted share, for the first nine months of 2016 and 2015, respectively. Below is a reconciliation of operating net income
to net income, as discussed above. 

The Company s retail banking activities
have had a significant impact on the overall financial results of the Company. Below is additional information regarding the retail
banking activities, mortgage banking activities, warehouse lending activities and SBA activities of the Company during the first
nine months of 2016 and 2015, respectively: 

Interest Income    

Interest income, on a tax-equivalent basis,
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $178.7 million, an increase of $39.2 million as compared with $139.6 million
for the same period in 2015. Average earning assets for the nine-month period increased $1.38 billion to $5.49 billion as of September
30, 2016, compared with $4.11 billion as of September 30, 2015. The increase in average earning assets is due to organic growth
in the loan portfolio, growth in purchased pool loans and acquisition activity during the second quarter of 2015 and the first
quarter of 2016 coupled with continued low rates in the Company s cost of funds. Yield on average earning assets was 4.35%
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared with 4.54% in the first nine months of 2015. The decrease in the yield on
average earning assets was primarily attributable to decrease in yields on legacy loans, purchased non-covered loans and purchased
loan pools. 

Interest Expense    

Total interest expense for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 amounted to $14.0 million, reflecting a $3.1 million increase from the $10.9 million expense recorded
in the same period of 2015. During the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016, the Company s funding costs improved
slightly to 0.35% from 0.36% reported in 2015. Deposit costs decreased slightly to 0.23% during the nine-month period ended
September 30, 2016, compared with 0.24% during the same period in 2015. Total non-deposit funding costs decreased to 2.36% during
the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016, compared with 3.04% during the first nine months of 2015. The decrease in non-deposit
funding costs was driven primarily by an increased utilization of low rate short-term FHLB advances. 

Net Interest Income    

The following tables set forth the amount
of the Company s interest income or interest expense for each category of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities
and the average interest rate for total interest-earning assets and total interest-bearing liabilities, net interest spread and
net interest margin on average interest-earning assets. Federally tax-exempt income is presented on a taxable-equivalent basis
assuming a 35% federal tax rate. 

For the year-to-date period ending September
30, 2016, the Company reported $164.7 million of net interest income on a tax-equivalent basis, compared with $128.7 million of
net interest income for the same period in 2015.  The average balance of earning assets increased 33.5%, from $4.11 billion
during the first nine months of 2015 to $5.49 billion during the first nine months of 2016. The increase in average earning assets
is due to organic growth in the loan portfolio, growth in purchased pool loans and acquisition activity during the second quarter
of 2015 and the first quarter of 2016. The Company s net interest margin decreased to 4.01% in the nine-month period ending
September 30, 2016, compared with 4.18% in the same period in 2015. The decrease in the net interest margin was primarily attributable
to a decrease in yield on earning assets. 

Provision for Loan Losses    

The provision for loan losses decreased
to $2.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared with $4.7 million in the same period in 2015. Non-performing
assets (excluding covered assets) totaled $59.9 million at September 30, 2016, compared with $64.2 million at September 30, 2015. 
For the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016, the Company had legacy net charge-offs totaling $1.9 million, compared with
$2.6 million for the same period in 2015. Annualized legacy net charge-offs as a percentage of average legacy loans decreased to
0.10% during the first nine months of 2016, compared with 0.17% during the first nine months of 2015. 

Noninterest Income    

Non-interest income for the first nine
months of 2016 was $81.5 million, compared with $63.2 million in the same period in 2015. Service charges on deposit accounts increased
$7.4 million to $31.7 million in the first nine months of 2016, compared with $24.3 million in the same period in 2015.  Stronger
growth in commercial and treasury management accounts contributed to the growth in income, as did growth in core deposit accounts
that resulted from the Company s acquisitions during the second quarter of 2015 and the first quarter of 2016. Income from
mortgage banking activity increased from $28.2 million in the first nine months of 2015 to $38.4 million in the first nine months
of 2016, due to an increased number of mortgage bankers and higher levels of production. Other non-interest income increased from
$7.8 million during the first nine months of 2015 to $8.4 million during the first nine months of 2016. 

Noninterest Expense   

Total operating expenses for the first
nine months of 2016 increased to $161.2 million, compared with $146.1 million in the same period in 2015. Increases in noninterest
expenses were driven primarily by the second quarter 2015 acquisitions of Merchants and 18 branches from Bank of America and the
first quarter 2016 acquisition of JAXB. Salaries and benefits increased $13.7 million as compared with the first nine months of
2015. Occupancy and equipment expenses for the first nine months of 2016 amounted to $18.1 million, representing an increase of
$2.8 million from the same period in 2015. Data processing and telecommunications expenses increased from $13.8 million in the
first nine months of 2015 to $18.3 million in the first nine months of 2016. Credit resolution-related expenses, including problem
loan and OREO expense and OREO write-downs and losses, decreased to $5.1 million for the first nine months of 2016, compared with
$15.5 million in the first nine months of 2015. Credit resolution-related expenses were high in the second quarter of 2015 due
to an aggressive write-down on remaining non-performing assets. Merger and conversion charges were $6.4 million and $6.2 million
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, reflecting the second quarter 2015 acquisitions of Merchants
and 18 branches from Bank of America and the first quarter 2016 acquisition of JAXB. Other noninterest expense increased $2.8 million
for the first nine months of 2016 as compared with the first nine months of 2015. 

Income Taxes   

In the first nine months of 2016, the Company
recorded income tax expense of $26.2 million, compared with $12.6 million in the same period of 2015. This increase in income tax
expense is directly correlated to the increase in pre-tax income for the periods. The Company s effective tax rate for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was 32.7% and 32.1%, respectively. 

Financial Condition as of September 30, 2016   

Securities   

Debt securities with readily determinable
fair values are classified as available for sale and recorded at fair value with unrealized gains and losses excluded from earnings
and reported in accumulated other comprehensive income, net of the related deferred tax effect. Equity securities, including
restricted equity securities, are classified as other investment securities and are recorded at the lower of cost or market value. 

The amortization of premiums and accretion
of discounts are recognized in interest income using methods approximating the interest method over the life of the securities. Realized
gains and losses, determined on the basis of the cost of specific securities sold, are included in earnings on the trade date. Declines
in the fair value of securities below their cost that are deemed to be other-than-temporary are reflected in earnings as realized
losses. 

In determining whether other-than-temporary
impairment losses exist, management considers (1) the length of time and the extent to which the fair value has been less
than cost, (2) the financial condition and near-term prospects of the issuer and (3) the intent and ability of the Company
to retain its investment in the issuer for a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in fair value. 

Management evaluates securities for other-than-temporary
impairment at least on a quarterly basis, and more frequently when economic or market concerns warrant such evaluation. Substantially
all of the unrealized losses on debt securities are related to changes in interest rates and do not affect the expected cash flows
of the issuer or underlying collateral. All unrealized losses are considered temporary because each security carries an acceptable
investment grade and the Company does not intend to sell these investment securities at an unrealized loss position at September
30, 2016, and it is more likely than not that the Company will not be required to sell these securities prior to recovery or maturity.
Therefore, at September 30, 2016, these investments are not considered impaired on an other-than temporary basis. 

The following table illustrates certain
information regarding the Company s investment portfolio with respect to yields, sensitivities and expected cash flows over
the next twelve months assuming constant prepayments and maturities: 

Loans and Allowance for Loan Losses  

At September 30, 2016, gross loans outstanding
(including purchased non-covered loans, purchased loan pools, covered loans and mortgage loans held for sale) were $4.97 billion,
an increase from $4.02 billion reported at December 31, 2015 and $3.77 billion reported at September 30, 2015. Mortgage loans held
for sale increased from $111.2 million at December 31, 2015 to $126.3 million at September 30, 2016. Legacy loans (excluding purchased
non-covered, purchased non-covered loan pools and covered loans) increased $684.2 million, from $2.41 billion at December 31, 2015
to $3.09 billion at September 30, 2016, which was primarily driven by increases in municipal loans and residential mortgages. Purchased
non-covered loans increased $295.5 million, from $771.6 million at December 31, 2015 to $1.07 billion at September 30, 2016, primarily
as a result of the JAXB acquisition. Purchased non-covered loan pools increased $31.9 million, from $593.0 million at December
31, 2015 to $624.9 million at September 30, 2016 due to the purchase of additional loan pools of $151.5 million during the first
nine months of 2016, offset by payments on the portfolio of $115.4 million and premium amortization of $4.2 million. Covered loans
decreased $75.2 million, from $137.5 million at December 31, 2015 to $62.3 million at September 30, 2016. The decrease in
covered loans reflects a transfer of $45.9 million in loans from covered loans to purchased non-covered loans due to expiration
of the loss sharing portion of certain agreements. 

The Company regularly monitors the composition
of the loan portfolio to evaluate the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses in light of the impact that changes in the economic
environment may have on the loan portfolio. The Company focuses on the following loan categories: (1) commercial, financial
and agricultural; (2) residential real estate; (3) commercial and farmland real estate; (4) construction and development
related real estate; and (5) consumer. The Company s management has strategically located its branches in select
markets in south and southeast Georgia, north Florida, southeast Alabama and throughout South Carolina to take advantage
of the growth in these areas. 

The Company s risk management processes
include a loan review program designed to evaluate the credit risk in the loan portfolio and ensure credit grade accuracy. Through
the loan review process, the Company conducts (1) a loan portfolio summary analysis, (2) charge-off and recovery analysis,
(3) trends in accruing problem loan analysis, and (4) problem and past-due loan analysis. This analysis process
serves as a tool to assist management in assessing the overall quality of the loan portfolio and the adequacy of the allowance
for loan losses. Loans classified as  substandard  are loans which are inadequately protected by the current sound
worth and paying capacity of the borrower or of the collateral pledged. These assets exhibit a well-defined weakness or are
characterized by the distinct possibility that the Company will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected. These
weaknesses may be characterized by past due performance, operating losses and/or questionable collateral values. Loans classified
as  doubtful  are those loans that have characteristics similar to substandard loans but have an increased risk of
loss. Loans classified as  loss  are those loans which are considered uncollectible and are in the process of
being charged-off.   

The allowance
for loan losses is a reserve established through charges to earnings in the form of a provision for loan losses. The provision
for loan losses is based on management s evaluation of the size and composition of the loan portfolio, the level of non-performing
and past-due loans, historical trends of charged-off loans and recoveries, prevailing economic conditions and other factors management
deems appropriate. The Company s management has established an allowance for loan losses which it believes is adequate
for the probable incurred losses in the loan portfolio. Based on a credit evaluation of the loan portfolio, management presents
a monthly review of the allowance for loan losses to the Company s Board of Directors, which primarily focuses on risk by
evaluating individual loans in certain risk categories. These categories have also been established by management and take
the form of loan grades. By grading the loan portfolio in this manner the Company s management is able to effectively
evaluate the portfolio by risk, which management believes is the most effective way to analyze the loan portfolio and thus analyze
the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses. 

The allowance for loan losses is established
by examining (1) the large classified loans, nonaccrual loans and loans considered impaired and evaluating them individually
to determine the specific reserve allocation and (2) the remainder of the loan portfolio to allocate a portion of the allowance
based on past loss experience and the economic conditions for the particular loan category. The Company also considers other
factors such as changes in lending policies and procedures; changes in national, regional and/or local economic and business conditions;
changes in the nature and volume of the loan portfolio; changes in the experience, ability and depth of either the market president
or lending staff; changes in the volume and severity of past-due and classified loans; changes in the quality of the Company s
corporate loan review system; and other factors management deems appropriate. 

At the end of the third quarter of 2016,
the allowance for loan losses allocated to legacy loans totaled $19.4 million, or 0.63% of legacy loans, compared with $20.5 million,
or 0.85% of legacy loans, at December 31, 2015 and $22.1 million, or 0.96% of legacy loans, at September 30, 2015. The decrease
in the allowance for loan losses as a percentage of legacy loans reflects the change in credit risk of our portfolio, both from
the mix of loan and collateral types, as well as the overall improvement in credit quality of the loan portfolio. Our legacy nonaccrual
loans declined from $20.6 million at September 30, 2015 to $16.6 million at September 30, 2016. For the first nine months of 2016,
our legacy net charge off ratio as a percentage of average legacy loans decreased to 0.10%, compared with 0.17% for the first nine
months of 2015. For the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016, the Company recorded legacy net charge-offs totaling $1.9 million,
compared with $2.6 million for the period ended September 30, 2015. The provision for loan losses for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 decreased to $2.4 million, compared with $4.7 million during the nine-month period ended September 30, 2015.
Our ratio of nonperforming assets to total assets decreased from 1.23% at September 30, 2015 to 0.92% at September 30, 2016. 

The balance of the allowance for loan losses
allocated to loans collectively evaluated for impairment increased 2.1%, or $362,000, during the first nine months of 2016, while
the balance of loans collectively evaluated for impairment increased 25.2%, or $932.9 million during the same period. A significant
portion of the loan growth was concentrated in lower risk categories such as municipal lending and did not require as large of
an allowance for loan losses as other categories of loans. Purchased non-covered loans, including purchased loan pools, accounted
for 29% of the increase in loans and these loans generally require an initial allowance for loan loss that is less than the allowance
required on legacy loans due to seasoning and loan to value characteristics of the portfolio. In addition to the change of type
of loan growth, we also experienced a decline in our historical loss rates on all loan portfolios. We consider a four year loss
rate on all loan categories and our charge off ratio has been steadily declining over that period. We have adjusted the qualitative
factors to account for the inherent risks in the portfolio that are not captured in the historical loss rates, such as weak commodity
prices for agriculture products, growth rates of certain loan types and other factors management deems appropriate. As a percentage
of all loans collectively evaluated for impairment, the allowance allocated to those loans decreased 9 basis points, from 0.46%
at December 31, 2015 to 0.37% at September 30, 2016. The largest decrease was in the real estate construction and development category,
which decreased from 1.75% at December 31, 2015 to 0.80% at September 30, 2016. The reason for this decline is the positive trend
in net losses within that category. 

The balance of the allowance for loan losses
allocated to loans individually evaluated for impairment increased 37.3%, or $1.5 million, during the first nine months of 2016,
while the balance of loans individually evaluated for impairment decreased 12.9%, or $8.9 million during the same period. The majority
of this increase in the allowance for loan losses allocated to loans individually evaluated for impairment is attributable to purchased
non-covered loans and covered loans. At September 30, 2016, we had $1.3 million allocated to purchased non-covered loans, including
loan pools and $236,000 allocated to covered loans. We did not have any allowance allocated to purchased non-covered loans, including
loan pools, and covered loans at December 31, 2015. 

The following tables present an analysis
of the allowance for loan losses as of and for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

Purchased Non-Covered Assets  

Loans that were acquired in transactions
and are not covered by the loss-sharing agreements with the FDIC ( purchased non-covered loans ) totaled $1.07 billion,
$771.6 million and $767.5 million at September 30, 2016, December 31, 2015 and September 30, 2015, respectively. OREO that was
acquired in transactions and is not covered by the loss-sharing agreements with the FDIC totaled $14.1 million, $14.3 million
and $11.5 million at September 30, 2016, December 31, 2015 and September 30, 2015, respectively. Purchased non-covered assets
include assets that were acquired in FDIC-assisted transactions, but are no longer covered by the loss sharing portion of the
agreements. 

The Bank initially recorded the loans
at their fair values, taking into consideration certain credit quality, risk and liquidity marks. The Company believes its estimation
of credit risk and its adjustments to the carrying balances of the acquired loans are adequate. If the Company determines that
a loan or group of loans has deteriorated from its initial assessment of fair value, a reserve for loan losses will be established
to account for that difference. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the year ended December 31, 2015 and the nine
months ended September 30, 2015, the Company recorded a net provision for loan loss credit of $439,000, $237,000 and $183,000,
respectively, due to recoveries received on previously charged off purchased non-covered loans. If the Company determines that
a loan or group of loans has improved from its initial assessment of fair value, then the increase in cash flows over those expected
at the acquisition date is recognized as interest income prospectively. 

Purchased non-covered loans are shown below according to loan
type as of the end of the periods shown: 

Purchased Loan Pools  

Purchased loan pools are defined as groups
of loans that were not acquired in bank acquisitions or FDIC-assisted transactions. As of September 30, 2016, purchased loan pools
totaled $624.9 million and consisted of whole-loan, adjustable rate residential mortgages on properties outside the Company s
markets, with principal balances totaling $614.4 million and $10.5 million of purchase premium paid at acquisition. As of December
31, 2015, purchased loan pools totaled $593.0 million and consisted of whole-loan, adjustable rate residential mortgages on properties
outside the Company s markets, with principal balances totaling $580.7 million and $12.3 million of purchase premium paid
at acquisition. As of September 30, 2015, purchased loan pools totaled $410.1 million and consisted of whole-loan, adjustable
rate residential mortgages on properties outside the Company s markets, with principal balances totaling $402.1 million
and $8.0 million of purchase premium paid at acquisition. The Company has allocated approximately $2.0 million, $581,000 and $402,000
of the allowance for loan losses to the purchased loan pools at September 30, 2016, December 31, 2015 and September 31, 2015,
respectively. 

Assets Covered by Loss-Sharing Agreements with the FDIC

Loans that were acquired in FDIC-assisted
transactions that are covered by the loss-sharing agreements with the FDIC ( covered loans ) totaled $62.3 million,
$137.5 million and $191.0 million at September 30, 2016, December 31, 2015 and September 30, 2015, respectively. OREO that is
covered by the loss-sharing agreements with the FDIC totaled $1.0 million, $5.0 million and $12.2 million at September 30, 2016,
December 31, 2015 and September 30, 2015, respectively. The loss-sharing agreements are subject to the servicing procedures as
specified in the agreements with the FDIC. The expected reimbursements under the loss-sharing agreements were recorded as an indemnification
asset at their estimated fair value on the acquisition dates. At September 30, 2016 the FDIC loss-share payable amounted to $7.8
million which includes the clawback liability the Bank expects to pay to the FDIC. At December 31, 2015 and September 30, 2015
the FDIC loss-share receivable was $6.3 million and $4.5 million, respectively, which is net of the clawback liability the Bank
expects to pay to the FDIC. 

The Bank initially recorded the loans
at their fair values, taking into consideration certain credit quality, risk and liquidity marks. The Company believes its estimation
of credit risk and its adjustments to the carrying balances of the acquired loans are adequate. If the Company determines that
a loan or group of loans has deteriorated from its initial assessment of fair value, a reserve for loan losses will be established
to account for that difference. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company recorded provision for loan loss
credit of $1.0 million, net of the FDIC loss-share coverage, due to recoveries on previously charged off covered loans. During
the year ended December 31, 2015 and the nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company recorded provision for loan loss expense
of $751,000 and $944,000, respectively, net of the FDIC loss-share receivable, to account for losses where there was a decrease
in cash flows from the initial estimates on loans acquired in FDIC-assisted transactions. If the Company determines that a loan
or group of loans has improved from its initial assessment of fair value, then the increase in cash flows over those expected
at the acquisition date is recognized as interest income prospectively over the remaining life of the loan, with an associated
write off of the remaining indemnification asset over the shorter of the life of the loan or the loss-share agreement. 

Covered loans are shown below according to loan type as of
the end of the periods shown: 

Non-Performing Assets   

Non-performing assets include nonaccrual
loans, accruing loans contractually past due 90 days or more, repossessed personal property, and other real estate owned. Loans
are placed on nonaccrual status when management has concerns relating to the ability to collect the principal and interest and
generally when such loans are 90 days or more past due. Management performs a detailed review and valuation assessment of
impaired loans on a quarterly basis and recognizes losses when impairment is identified. A loan is considered impaired when
it is probable that not all principal and interest amounts will be collected according to the loan contract. When a loan
is placed on nonaccrual status, any interest previously accrued but not collected is reversed against current income. 

Nonaccrual loans, excluding purchased
non-covered and covered loans, totaled $16.6 million at September 30, 2016, a 19.4% decrease from $20.6 million reported at the
end of the third quarter of 2015. Nonaccrual purchased non-covered loans totaled $18.0 million at September 30, 2016, compared
with $11.4 million at September 30, 2015. At September 30, 2016, OREO (excluding purchased non-covered and covered OREO) totaled
$10.4 million, compared with $16.1 million at December 31, 2015 and $20.7 million at September 30, 2015. Purchased non-covered
OREO totaled $14.1 million at September 30, 2016, compared with $11.5 million at September 30, 2015. Management regularly assesses
the valuation of OREO through periodic reappraisal and through inquiries received in the marketing process.  At the end of
the third quarter of 2016, total non-performing assets decreased to 0.92% of total assets, compared with 1.09% at December 31,
2015 and 1.23% at September 30, 2015. 

Non-performing assets (excluding covered assets) at September
30, 2016, December 31, 2015 and September 30, 2015 were as follows: 

Troubled Debt Restructurings   

The restructuring of a loan is considered
a  troubled debt restructuring  if both (i) the borrower is experiencing financial difficulties and (ii) the
Company has granted a concession. 

As of September 30, 2016, December 31,
2015 and September 30, 2015, the Company had a balance of $17.1 million, $16.4 million and $13.9 million, respectively, in troubled
debt restructurings, excluding purchased non-covered and covered loans. The following table presents the amount of troubled debt
restructurings by loan class, excluding purchased non-covered and covered loans, classified separately as accrual and nonaccrual
at September 30, 2016, December 31, 2015 and September 30, 2015: 

The following table presents the amount
of troubled debt restructurings by loan class, excluding purchased non-covered and covered loans, classified separately as those
currently paying under restructured terms and those that have defaulted (defined as 30 days past due) under restructured terms
at September 30, 2016, December 31, 2015 and September 30, 2015: 

The following table presents the amount
of troubled debt restructurings, excluding purchased non-covered and covered loans, by types of concessions made, classified separately
as accrual and nonaccrual at September 30, 2016, December 31, 2015 and September 30, 2015: 

The following table presents the amount
of troubled debt restructurings, excluding purchased non-covered and covered loans, by collateral types, classified separately
as accrual and nonaccrual at September 30, 2016, December 31, 2015 and September 30, 2015: 

As of September 30, 2016, December 31,
2015 and September 30, 2015, the Company had a balance of $10.4 million, $10.0 million and $7.7 million, respectively, in troubled
debt restructurings included in purchased non-covered loans. The following table presents the amount of troubled debt restructurings
by loan class of purchased non-covered loans, classified separately as accrual and nonaccrual at September 30, 2016, December
31, 2015 and September 30, 2015: 

The following table presents the amount
of troubled debt restructurings by loan class of purchased non-covered loans, classified separately as those currently paying
under restructured terms and those that have defaulted (defined as 30 days past due) under restructured terms at September 30,
2016, December 31, 2015 and September 30, 2015: 

The following table presents the amount
of troubled debt restructurings included in purchased non-covered loans, by types of concessions made, classified separately as
accrual and nonaccrual at September 30, 2016, December 31, 2015 and September 30, 2015: 

The following table presents the amount
of troubled debt restructurings included in purchased non-covered loans, by collateral types, classified separately as accrual
and nonaccrual at September 30, 2016, December 31, 2015 and September 30, 2015: 

As of September 30, 2016, December 31,
2015 and September 30, 2015, the Company had a balance of $13.9 million, $15.5 million and $20.5 million, respectively, in troubled
debt restructurings included in covered loans. The following table presents the amount of troubled debt restructurings by loan
class of covered loans, classified separately as accrual and nonaccrual at September 30, 2016, December 31, 2015 and September
30, 2015: 

The following table presents the amount
of troubled debt restructurings by loan class of covered loans, classified separately as those currently paying under restructured
terms and those that have defaulted (defined as 30 days past due) under restructured terms at September 30, 2016, December 31,
2015 and September 30, 2015: 

The following table presents the amount of troubled debt restructurings
included in covered loans, by types of concessions made, classified separately as accrual and nonaccrual at September 30, 2016,
December 31, 2015 and September 30, 2015: 

The following table presents the amount of troubled debt restructurings
included in covered loans, by collateral types, classified separately as accrual and nonaccrual at September 30, 2016, December
31, 2015 and September 30, 2015: 

Commercial Lending Practices   

The federal bank regulatory agencies previously
issued interagency guidance on commercial real estate lending and prudent risk management practices. This guidance defines commercial
real estate ( CRE ) loans as loans secured by raw land, land development and construction (including 1-4 family residential
construction), multi-family property and non-farm nonresidential property where the primary or a significant source of repayment
is derived from rental income associated with the property, excluding owner occupied properties (loans for which 50% or more
of the source of repayment is derived from the ongoing operations and activities conducted by the party, or affiliate of the party,
who owns the property) or the proceeds of the sale, refinancing or permanent financing of the property. Loans for owner occupied
CRE are generally excluded from the CRE guidance. 

The CRE guidance is applicable when either: 

(1)  total loans for construction,
                                         land development, and other land, net of owner occupied loans, represent 100% or
                                         more of a bank s total risk-based capital; or   

(2)  total loans secured by multifamily
                                         and nonfarm nonresidential properties and loans for construction, land development, and
                                         other land, net of owner occupied loans, represent 300% or more of a bank s total risk-based
                                         capital.   

Banks that are subject to the CRE guidance
criteria are required to implement enhanced strategic planning, CRE underwriting policies, risk management and internal
controls, portfolio stress testing, risk exposure limits, and other policies, including management compensation and incentives,
to address the CRE risks. Higher allowances for loan losses and capital levels may also be appropriate. 

As of September 30, 2016, the Company
exhibited a concentration in the CRE loan category based on Federal Reserve Call codes. The primary risks of CRE lending
are: 

(1)  within CRE loans, construction
                                         and development loans are somewhat dependent upon continued strength in demand
                                         for residential real estate, which is reliant on favorable real estate
                                         mortgage rates and changing population demographics;   

(2)  on average, CRE loan sizes are
                                         generally larger than non-CRE loan types; and   

(3)  certain construction and development loans
                                         may be less predictable and more difficult to evaluate and monitor.   

The following table outlines CRE
loan categories and CRE loans as a percentage of total loans as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. The
loan categories and concentrations below are based on Federal Reserve Call codes and include purchased non-covered and covered
loans: 

The following table outlines the percentage of total CRE
loans, net of owner occupied loans, to total risk-based capital, and the Company s internal concentration limits
as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

Short-Term Investments   

The Company s short-term investments
are comprised of federal funds sold and interest-bearing balances. At September 30, 2016, the Company s short-term
investments were $90.8 million, compared with $272.0 million and $120.9 million at December 31, 2015 and September 30, 2015,
respectively. At September 30, 2016, $5.5 million was in federal funds sold and $85.3 million was in interest-bearing balances
at correspondent banks and the Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta.   

Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities   

The Company has a cash flow hedge that
matures September 15, 2020 with a notional amount of $37.1 million at September 30, 2016, December 31, 2015 and September 30,
2015 for the purpose of converting the variable rate on certain junior subordinated debentures to a fixed rate of 4.11%. The fair
value of this instrument was a liability of approximately $2.0 million, $1.4 million and $2.0 million at September 30, 2016, December
31, 2015 and September 30, 2015, respectively. 

The Company has fair value hedges with
a combined notional amount of $20.4 million at September 30, 2016 for the purpose of hedging the change in fair value of certain
fixed rate loans. These instruments have maturity dates that range from January 2023 to October 2031 and are indexed to the one-month
LIBOR rate. The fair value of these instruments amounted to a liability of approximately $1.0 million at September 30, 2016. 

The Company also has forward contracts
and IRLCs to hedge changes in the value of the mortgage inventory due to changes in market interest rates. The fair value of these
instruments amounted to an asset of approximately $5.1 million, $2.7 million and $3.5 million at September 30, 2016, December
31, 2015 and September 30, 2015, respectively, and a liability of approximately $840,000, $137,000 and $905,000 at September 30,
2016, December 31, 2015 and September 30, 2015, respectively. 

No material hedge ineffectiveness from
cash flow or fair value hedges was recognized in the statement of operations. All components of each derivative s gain
or loss are included in the assessment of hedge effectiveness. 

Capital   

On January 29, 2015, the Company completed
a private placement of 5,320,000 shares of common stock at a price of $22.50 per share. The Company received net proceeds from
the issuance of approximately $114.5 million, after deducting placement agent commissions and other issuance costs. The Company
used the net proceeds to fund the acquisitions of Merchants and eighteen Bank of America branches located in North Florida and
South Georgia. 

Capital management consists of providing
equity to support both current and anticipated future operations. The Company is subject to capital adequacy requirements
imposed by the Federal Reserve Board (the  FRB ) and the Georgia Department of Banking and Finance (the  GDBF ),
and the Bank is subject to capital adequacy requirements imposed by the FDIC and the GDBF. 

The FRB, the FDIC and the GDBF have
adopted risk-based capital requirements for assessing bank holding company and bank capital adequacy. These standards define
and establish minimum capital requirements in relation to assets and off-balance sheet exposure, adjusted for credit risk. The
risk-based capital standards currently in effect are designed to make regulatory capital requirements more sensitive to differences
in risk profiles among bank holding companies and banks and to account for off-balance sheet exposure.  

In July 2013, the Federal Reserve published
 final rules for the adoption of the Basel III regulatory capital framework
(the  Basel III Capital Rules ). The Basel III Capital Rules defined a new capital measure called  Common Equity
Tier 1  ( CET1 ), established that Tier 1 capital consist of Common Equity Tier 1 and  Additional Tier 1 Capital 
instruments meeting specified requirements, defined Common Equity Tier 1, established a capital conservation buffer and expanded
the scope of the adjustments as compared with existing regulations. The capital conservation buffer is being phased in from 0.0%
for 2015 and 0.625% for 2016. It is being increased by 0.625% per year until reaching 2.50% by 2019. The Basel III Capital Rules
became effective for us on January 1, 2015 with certain transition provisions fully phased in on January 1, 2019.  

The regulatory capital standards are defined
by the following key measurements: 

a) The  Leverage
Ratio  is defined as Tier 1 capital to average assets. To be considered  adequately capitalized  under
this measurement, a bank must maintain a leverage ratio greater than or equal to 4.00%. For a bank to be considered  well
capitalized,  it must maintain a leverage ratio greater than or equal to 5.00%. 

b) The  CET1 Ratio 
is defined as Common equity tier 1 capital to total risk weighted assets. To be considered  adequately capitalized 
under this measurement, a bank must maintain a CET1 ratio greater than or equal to 4.50%. For a bank to be considered  well
capitalized,  it must maintain a CET1 ratio greater than or equal to 6.50%. 

c) The  Core Capital
Ratio  is defined as Tier 1 capital to total risk weighted assets. To be considered  adequately capitalized 
under this measurement, a bank must maintain a core capital ratio greater than or equal to 6.00%. For a bank to be considered
 well capitalized,  it must maintain a core capital ratio greater than or equal to 8.00%. 

d) The  Total Capital
Ratio  is defined as total capital to total risk weighted assets. To be considered  adequately capitalized 
under this measurement, a bank must maintain a total capital ratio greater than or equal to 8.00%. For a bank to be considered
 well capitalized,  it must maintain a total capital ratio greater than or equal to 10.00%. 

As of September 30, 2016, under the
regulatory capital standards, the Bank was considered  well capitalized  under all capital measurements. The following
table sets forth the regulatory capital ratios of Ameris at September 30, 2016, December 31, 2015 and September
30, 2015. 

Interest Rate Sensitivity and Liquidity   

The Company s primary market risk
exposures are credit risk, interest rate risk, and to a lesser degree, liquidity risk. The Bank operates under an Asset Liability
Management Policy approved by the Company s Board of Directors and the Asset and Liability Committee (the  ALCO Committee ). The
policy outlines limits on interest rate risk in terms of changes in net interest income and changes in the net market values of
assets and liabilities over certain changes in interest rate environments. These measurements are made through a simulation
model which projects the impact of changes in interest rates on the Bank s assets and liabilities. The policy also
outlines responsibility for monitoring interest rate risk, and the process for the approval, implementation and monitoring of
interest rate risk strategies to achieve the Bank s interest rate risk objectives. 

The ALCO Committee is comprised of senior
officers of Ameris and two outside members of the Company s Board of Directors. The ALCO Committee makes all strategic
decisions with respect to the sources and uses of funds that may affect net interest income, including net interest spread and
net interest margin. The objective of the ALCO Committee is to identify the interest rate, liquidity and market value risks
of the Company s balance sheet and use reasonable methods approved by the Company s Board of Directors and executive
management to minimize those identified risks. 

The normal course of business activity
exposes the Company to interest rate risk. Interest rate risk is managed within an overall asset and liability framework
for the Company. The principal objectives of asset and liability management are to predict the sensitivity of net interest
spreads to potential changes in interest rates, control risk and enhance profitability. Funding positions are kept within
predetermined limits designed to properly manage risk and liquidity. The Company employs sensitivity analysis in the form
of a net interest income simulation to help characterize the market risk arising from changes in interest rates. In addition,
fluctuations in interest rates usually result in changes in the fair market value of the Company s financial instruments,
cash flows and net interest income. The Company s interest rate risk position is managed by the ALCO Committee. 

The Company uses a simulation modeling
process to measure interest rate risk and evaluate potential strategies. Interest rate scenario models are prepared using
software created and licensed from an outside vendor. The Company s simulation includes all financial assets and liabilities. Simulation
results quantify interest rate risk under various interest rate scenarios. Management then develops and implements appropriate
strategies. The ALCO Committee has determined that an acceptable level of interest rate risk would be for net interest income
to increase/decrease no more than 20% given a change in selected interest rates of 200 basis points over any 24-month period. 

Liquidity management involves the matching
of the cash flow requirements of customers, who may be either depositors desiring to withdraw funds or borrowers needing assurance
that sufficient funds will be available to meet their credit needs, and the ability of Ameris to manage those requirements. The
Company strives to maintain an adequate liquidity position by managing the balances and maturities of interest-earning assets
and interest-bearing liabilities so that the balance it has in short-term investments at any given time will adequately cover
any reasonably anticipated immediate need for funds. Additionally, the Bank maintains relationships with correspondent banks,
which could provide funds on short notice, if needed. The Company has invested in FHLB stock for the purpose of establishing
credit lines with the FHLB. The credit availability to the Bank is equal to 30% of the Bank s total assets as reported
on the most recent quarterly financial information submitted to the regulators subject to the pledging of sufficient collateral.
At September 30, 2016, December 31, 2015 and September 30, 2015, there were $373.5 million, $39.0 million and $39.0 million, respectively,
outstanding borrowings with the Company s correspondent banks. 

The following liquidity ratios compare certain assets and liabilities
to total deposits or total assets: 

The liquidity resources of the Company
are monitored continuously by the ALCO Committee and on a periodic basis by state and federal regulatory authorities. As
determined under guidelines established by these regulatory authorities, the Company s and the Bank s liquidity ratios
at September 30, 2016 were considered satisfactory. The Company is aware of no events or trends likely to result in a material
change in liquidity. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About
Market Risk.   

The Company is exposed only to U.S. dollar
interest rate changes, and, accordingly, the Company manages exposure by considering the possible changes in the net interest
margin. The Company does not have any trading instruments nor does it classify any portion of the investment portfolio as
held for trading. The Company s hedging activities are limited to cash flow hedges and fair value hedges and are part
of the Company s program to manage interest rate sensitivity. 

At September 30, 2016, the Company
had one cash flow hedge with a notional amount of $37.1 million for the purpose of converting the variable rate on certain
junior subordinated debentures to a fixed rate. The LIBOR rate swap exchanges fixed rate payments of 4.11% for floating rate
payments based on the three-month LIBOR rate and matures September 2020. The fair value of this instrument was a liability of
approximately $2.0 million, $1.4 million and $2.0 million at September 30, 2016, December 31, 2015 and September 30, 2015, respectively. 

At September 30, 2016, the Company had
fair value hedges with a combined notional amount of $20.4 million for the purpose of hedging the change in fair value of certain
fixed rate loans. These instruments have maturity dates that range from January 2023 to October 2031 and are indexed to the one-month
LIBOR rate. The fair value of these instruments amounted to a liability of approximately $1.0 million at September 30, 2016. 

The Company also had forward contracts
and IRLCs to hedge changes in the value of the mortgage inventory due to changes in market interest rates. The fair value of these
instruments amounted to a net asset of approximately $4.2 million, $2.5 million and $2.6 million at September 30, 2016, December
31, 2015, and September 30, 2015 respectively. 

The Company has no exposure to foreign
currency exchange rate risk, commodity price risk and other market risks. 

Interest rates play a major part in the
net interest income of a financial institution. The sensitivity to rate changes is known as  interest rate risk. 
The repricing of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities can influence the changes in net interest income. As
part of the Company s asset/liability management program, the timing of repriced assets and liabilities is referred to as
 gap management.  

The Company uses simulation analysis to
monitor changes in net interest income due to changes in market interest rates. The simulation of rising, declining and flat
interest rate scenarios allows management to monitor and adjust interest rate sensitivity to minimize the impact of market interest
rate swings. The analysis of the impact on net interest income over a 12-month and 24-month period is subjected to a gradual
and shock 200 basis point increase or decrease in market rates on net interest income and is monitored on a quarterly basis. 

Additional information required by Item 305
of Regulation S-K is set forth under Part I, Item 2 of this report. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures.   

The Company s Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer have evaluated the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in
Rules 13a-15(e) or 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Exchange Act), as of the end of the period covered by this report, as required
by paragraph (b) of Rules 13a-15 or 15d-15 of the Exchange Act. Based on such evaluation, such officers have concluded
that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures are effective. 

During the quarter
ended September 30, 2016, there was no change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting identified in connection
with the evaluation required by paragraph (d) of Rules 13a-15 or 15d-15 of the Exchange Act that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting.   

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1. Legal Proceedings.   

From time to time,
as a normal incident of the nature and kind of business in which the Company is engaged, various claims or charges are asserted
against the Company or the Bank. In the ordinary course of business, the Company and the Bank are also subject to regulatory examinations,
information gathering requests, inquiries and investigations. Other than ordinary routine litigation incidental to the Company s
business, management believes based on its current knowledge and after consultation with legal counsel that there are no pending
or threatened legal proceedings that will, individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on the consolidated
results of operations or financial condition of the Company. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors.   

The following
risk factor is in addition to the risk factors disclosed in Item 1A. of Part I of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
year ended December 31, 2015: 

Hurricanes or other adverse weather
events could disrupt our operations or negatively affect economic conditions in the markets we serve, which could have an adverse
effect on our business or results of operations.   

Our market areas, located in the southeastern United States,
are susceptible to natural disasters, such as hurricanes, tropical storms, other severe weather events and related flooding and
wind damage. These natural disasters could negatively impact regional economic conditions, cause a decline in the value of mortgage
properties or the destruction of mortgaged properties, cause an increase in the risk of delinquencies, foreclosures or losses
on loans originated by us, damage our banking facilities and offices and negatively impact our growth strategy. We cannot predict
with certainty whether or to what extent damage that may be caused by severe weather events will affect our operations or assets
or the economies in our current or future market areas. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and
Use of Proceeds.   

(c) Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

The table below sets forth information
regarding the Company s repurchase of shares of its outstanding common stock during the three-month period ended September
30, 2016. 

(1)  The shares purchased from July 1, 2016 through September 30,
                                         2016 consist of shares of common stock surrendered to the Company in payment of the income
                                         tax withholding obligations relating to the vesting of shares of restricted stock.   

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities.   

None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures.  

Not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information.   

On November 7, 2016, the Bank and Edwin W. Hortman, Jr., President
and Chief Executive Officer of the Company and Chief Executive Officer of the Bank, entered into a Supplemental Executive Retirement
Agreement (the  Retirement Agreement ). The Retirement Agreement provides for the payment of an annual retirement
benefit of $250,000 for a period of five years, payable in monthly installments, commencing when Mr. Hortman reaches age 75, provided
that he remains employed by the Bank until age 66. The Retirement Agreement provides for a reduced benefit in the event that Mr.
Hortman terminates his employment prior to reaching age 66. If the termination is voluntary and without  good reason, 
as defined in the Retirement Agreement, then the termination benefit is equal to the liability balance then accrued in the Company s
accounting records for Mr. Hortman, to be paid out in monthly installments ratably over a period of five years commencing at age
75; provided, however, that Mr. Hortman does not become vested in this benefit until after the one-year anniversary of the date
of the Retirement Agreement. If the termination of employment is involuntary and without  cause,  as defined in the
Retirement Agreement, or is voluntary but with good reason, then the termination benefit is equal to the liability balance then
accrued in the Company s accounting records for Mr. Hortman, to be paid out in monthly installments ratably over a period
of five years commencing at age 75, without a time-vesting precondition. If Mr. Hortman is terminated for cause at any time, then
all remaining benefits under the Retirement Agreement will be forfeited. The Retirement Agreement also provides that if Mr. Hortman
dies prior to reaching age 66, then the annual retirement benefit will be payable in monthly installments to his beneficiary for
a period of five years, commencing ten years after Mr. Hortman s death. In addition, if Mr. Hortman becomes disabled prior
to reaching age 66, then he will be entitled to a benefit equal to the liability balance then accrued in the Company s accounting
records for him, to be paid out in monthly installments ratably over a period of five years commencing five years after his disability.
The Retirement Agreement further provides that, following a  change in control,  as defined in the Retirement Agreement,
Mr. Hortman will be entitled to receive the annual retirement benefit in monthly installments for a period of five years commencing
at age 75, without regard to whether he continues to be employed by the Bank until reaching age 66. 

Also on November 7, 2016, the Bank and Cindi H. Lewis, Executive
Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer and Corporate Secretary of the Company and the Bank, entered into an amendment to
the Supplemental Executive Retirement Agreement between the Bank and Ms. Lewis dated as of November 7, 2012 to extend the annual
retirement benefit of $100,000 provided under that agreement for an additional five years in all circumstances under which Ms.
Lewis or her beneficiary would otherwise be entitled to receive benefit payments.    

Item 6. Exhibits.   

The exhibits required to be furnished with this report are
listed on the exhibit index attached hereto. 

SIGNATURE  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly
authorized. 

Date: November 9, 2016  
       AMERIS BANCORP    

/s/ Dennis J. Zember Jr.    

Dennis J. Zember Jr., 
         Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and
        Chief Operating Officer 
         (duly authorized signatory and principal accounting
        and financial officer)   

EXHIBIT INDEX   

Exhibit  
          No.   
       
       Description    
 
      3.1  
       
      Articles of Incorporation of Ameris Bancorp, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
    2.1 to Ameris Bancorp s Regulation A Offering Statement on Form 1-A filed with the Commission on August 14, 1987).   

3.2  
       
      Amendment to Amended Articles of Incorporation of Ameris Bancorp (incorporated by reference
    to Exhibit 3.1.1 to Ameris Bancorp s Form 10-K filed with the Commission on March 28, 1996).   

3.3  
       
      Amendment to Amended Articles of Incorporation of Ameris Bancorp (incorporated by reference
    to Exhibit 4.3 to Ameris Bancorp s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the Commission on July 17, 1996).   

3.4  
       
      Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of Ameris Bancorp (incorporated
    by reference to Exhibit 3.5 to Ameris Bancorp s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on March 25,
    1998).   

3.5  
       
      Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of Ameris Bancorp (incorporated by
    reference to Exhibit 3.7 to Ameris Bancorp s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on March 26,
    1999).   

3.6  
       
      Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of Ameris Bancorp (incorporated by
    reference to Exhibit 3.9 to Ameris Bancorp s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on March 31,
    2003).   

3.7  
       
      Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of Ameris Bancorp (incorporated
    by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Ameris Bancorp s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 1,
    2005).   

3.8  
       
      Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of Ameris Bancorp (incorporated by
    reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Ameris Bancorp s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on November 21,
    2008).   

3.9  
       
      Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of Ameris Bancorp (incorporated by
    reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Ameris Bancorp s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on June 1, 2011).   

3.10  
       
      Amended and Restated Bylaws of Ameris Bancorp (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
    3.1 to Ameris Bancorp s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 14, 2005).   

10.1 *   
       
      Supplemental Executive Retirement Agreement by and between Ameris Bank and Edwin W. Hortman,
    Jr. dated as of November 7, 2016.   

10.2 *   
       
      First Amendment to Supplemental Executive Retirement Agreement by and between Ameris Bank
    and Cindi H. Lewis dated as of November 7, 2016.   

10.3 *   
       
      Executive Employment Agreement by and among Ameris Bancorp, Ameris Bank and Joseph B. Kissel dated
    as of July 25, 2016.   

31.1  
       
      Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification by the Company s Chief Executive Officer.   

31.2  
       
      Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification by the Company s Chief Financial Officer.   

32.1  
       
      Section 1350 Certification by the Company s Chief Executive Officer.   

32.2  
       
      Section 1350 Certification by the Company s Chief Financial Officer.   

101  
       
      The following financial statements from Ameris Bancorp s Form 10-Q for the quarter
    ended September 30, 2016, formatted as interactive data files in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Consolidated
    Balance Sheets; (ii) Consolidated Statements of Earnings and Comprehensive Income; (iii) Consolidated Statements of Changes
    in Stockholders  Equity; (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows; and (v) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.   

*   
       
      Management contract or other compensatory plan or arrangement.   

<EX-10.1>
 2
 v451595_ex10-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.1

Exhibit 10.1  

AMERIS BANK  

SUPPLEMENTAL EXECUTIVE RETIREMENT
AGREEMENT   

This
Supplemental Executive Retirement Agreement   is adopted as of the 7th day of November,
2016 by and between  AMERIS BANK , a bank duly organized under the laws of the State of
Georgia (the    Bank   ), and  EDWIN W. HORTMAN, JR. ,
an individual resident of the State of Georgia (the    Employee   ). Certain
capitalized terms used in this Agreement have the meanings assigned to them in Article II hereof.  

WHEREAS , the Bank wishes to retain
the valuable services of its key executives and management and other highly compensated employees by providing attractive and competitive
supplemental retirement income and death and other benefit programs to such employees; 

WHEREAS , the Bank recognizes that
it is in the best interest of both the Bank and such select employees to provide attractive employer-sponsored programs to ensure
that such employees have sufficient retirement income for themselves and survivor income for their families and other dependents; 

WHEREAS , tax-qualified retirement
plans, with the applicable limitations on benefits, and employer contributions under the Code may be inadequate or inappropriate,
and an employer-sponsored supplemental income plan may best provide such select employees appropriate levels of income continuation
in the specific desired circumstances; and 

WHEREAS , the Bank has determined
that offering such a non-qualified benefit plan to retain the services of such key executives and management, including the Employee,
is in the Bank s best business interest, and the Bank is willing to provide such a plan to the Employee in return for his
current and future services and wishes to provide the terms and conditions for such plan, which terms and conditions are set forth
herein; 

NOW, THEREFORE , in consideration
of the foregoing and the mutual representations, warranties, covenants and agreements set forth herein, the parties hereto, intending
to be legally bound hereby, agree as follows: 

ARTICLE
I 
 
 INTRODUCTION  

1.1        Effective
Date .  The effective date of this Agreement is November 7, 2016. 

1.2        Purpose .
 The purpose of this Agreement is to provide the Employee with certain supplemental benefits for retirement income and other
income continuation needs for himself and his family and other dependents and to address limitations on total benefits payable
under this Agreement, and to do so in such a manner as to retain the services of the Employee for a significant period in order
to claim these supplemental benefits. This Agreement is intended to constitute a non-qualified  top-hat  plan under
applicable Code sections; this Agreement constitutes an unfunded plan of deferred compensation maintained for a select group of
management or highly compensated employees of the Bank pursuant to Sections 201(2), 301(a)(3) and 401(a)(1) of ERISA and an unfunded
plan of deferred compensation under the Code. 

1.3        Interpretation .
 Wherever appropriate, pronouns of any gender shall be deemed synonymous, as shall singular and plural pronouns. Headings of
Articles and Sections are for convenience of reference only and are not to be considered in the construction or interpretation
of this Agreement. References to Articles and Sections are to the Articles and Sections of this Agreement unless otherwise specified.
This Agreement shall be interpreted and administered so as to give effect to its purpose as expressed in Section 1.2 and to qualify
as a non-qualified, unfunded plan of deferred compensation in compliance with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code and
the regulations promulgated thereunder, each as may be amended from time to time. 

ARTICLE
II 
 
 DEFINITIONS  

Certain words and phrases are defined when
first used in later paragraphs of this Agreement. The following terms, when used in this Agreement, shall have the following respective
meanings: 

2.1         Accrued
Liability    shall mean that portion of the Employee s aggregate Normal Retirement Benefit payments as provided
for herein that has been accrued on the books of the Bank at any specified time. 

2.2         Administrator   
shall mean the person or persons described in Article VI who are charged with the day-to-day administration, interpretation and
operation of this Agreement. 

2.3         Agreement   
shall mean this Supplemental Executive Retirement Agreement, together with any and all amendments hereto. 

2.4         Bank   
shall mean Ameris Bank and its successors or assigns, unless otherwise provided herein. 

2.5         Beneficiary   
shall mean any person or trust, or combination, as last designated by the Employee during the Employee s lifetime upon a
 Beneficiary Designation Form,  provided by the Bank and filed with the Administrator, who is specifically named to
be a direct or contingent recipient of all or a portion of the Employee s benefits under this Agreement in the event of the
Employee s death. Such designation shall be revocable by the Employee at any time during the Employee s lifetime without
the consent of any Beneficiary, whether living or born thereafter. Unless expressly provided by law, the Beneficiary may not be
designated or revoked and changed by the Employee in any other way. No Beneficiary designation or Beneficiary change shall be effective
until received in writing and acknowledged according to established procedures and practices of the Bank. Should the Employee fail
to designate the Beneficiary, the Beneficiary shall be the Employee s estate. 

2.6           Board   
shall mean the Board of Directors of the Bank as from time to time constituted. 

2.7         Claimant   
has the meaning set forth in Section 6.7. 

2.8         Cause   
shall have the meaning given thereto in any employment agreement then in effect between the Bank or the Holding Company and the
Employee, or if no such agreement exists,  Cause  shall mean, as determined by the Board, the following: 

A.  the commission of an act by the Employee involving gross negligence, willful misconduct or moral
turpitude that is materially damaging to the business, customer relations, operations or prospects of the Bank or the Holding Company
or that brings the Bank or the Holding Company into public disrepute or disgrace;   

B.  the commission of an act by the Employee constituting dishonesty or fraud against the Bank or the
Holding Company;   

C.  the Employee is convicted of, or pleads guilty or nolo contendere to, any crime involving breach
of trust or moral turpitude or any felony; or   

D.  a consistent pattern of failure by the Employee to follow the reasonable written instructions or
policies of the Employee s supervisor or the Board.   

2.9         Change
in Control    shall mean a change in the ownership or effective control of, or a change in the ownership of a substantial
portion of the assets of, the Bank, as provided in Section 409A of the Code. 

2.10         Code   
shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the regulations promulgated thereunder, each as may be amended from time to time. 

2.11         Disability   
shall mean that the Employee is (A) unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable
physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not
less than twelve (12) months, or (B) receiving income replacement benefits for a period of not less than three (3) months under
an accident and health policy covering employees of the Bank, by reason of a medically determinable physical or mental impairment
that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve (12) months.
Medical determination of Disability may be made by either the Social Security Administration or by the provider of an accident
or health plan covering employees of the Bank. Upon the request of the Administrator, the Employee must submit proof to the Administrator
of the Social Security Administration s or the provider s determination. 

2.12         Effective
Date    shall mean the date set forth in Section 1.1. 

2.13         Employee   
shall mean Edwin W. Hortman, Jr. For purposes of payment of survivor death benefits only, if any, the term  Employee 
shall also include a surviving Beneficiary. 

2.14         ERISA   
shall mean the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended. 

2.15         Forfeiture   
shall mean the loss of any portion of the Employee s benefit resulting from the Employee s termination from employment
prior to the time the Employee becomes fully vested in the Employee s benefit. Such term shall also mean any amounts of the
Employee s benefit lost due to the provisions of Section 4.2. All such Forfeiture amounts shall revert to the Bank and shall
not be paid to or on account of the Employee or the Employee s Beneficiary. 

2.16         Good
Reason    shall have the meaning given thereto in any employment agreement then in effect between the Bank or the Holding
Company and the Employee, or if no such agreement exists,  Good Reason  shall mean any of the following, provided that
in such latter case, the Employee terminates the Employee s employment for Good Reason within ninety (90) days following
the initial existence of the condition giving rise to Good Reason termination, provides at least thirty (30) days advance written
notice to the Bank explaining the basis for Good Reason and the Bank has not remedied such Good Reason within thirty (30) days
following such notice: 

A.  a material reduction in the Employee s rate of regular compensation from the Bank;   

B.  a relocation of the Employee s principal place of employment by more than fifty (50) miles,
other than to an office or location closer to the Employee s home residence and except for required travel on Bank business
to an extent substantially consistent with the Employee s business travel obligations as of the date of relocation; or   

C.  a material reduction in the Employee s authority, duties, title or responsibilities, other
than any change resulting solely from a change in the publicly-traded status of the Bank or the Holding Company.   

2.17         Holding
Company    shall mean Ameris Bancorp, a Georgia corporation, or its successors. 

2.18         Leave
of Absence    shall mean a temporary period of time, not to exceed six (6) consecutive calendar months, during which
time the Employee shall not be an active employee of the Bank, but shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as in continuous
employment with the Bank, including for purposes of vesting. A Leave of Absence may be either paid or unpaid, but must be agreed
to in writing by both the Bank and the Employee. A Leave of Absence that continues beyond six (6) consecutive months shall be treated
as a voluntary Termination of Employment, subject to Section 3.3, as of the first date immediately following such six-month period
for purposes of this Agreement. 

2.19         Normal
Retirement Benefit    has the meaning set forth in Section 3.1. 

2.20         Payment
Age    shall mean the Employee s attainment of age seventy-five (75). 

2.21         Plan
Distribution    shall mean any distributions made to the Employee pursuant to this Agreement. 

2.22         Plan
Year    shall mean the twelve (12) consecutive month period constituting a calendar year, beginning on January 1 and
ending on December 31. However, in any partial year that does not begin on January 1,  Plan Year  shall also mean the
period remaining in such partial year ending on December 31. 

2.23         Prohibited
Disclosure    shall mean a material breach of any nondisclosure provision in any employment agreement or nondisclosure
or similar restrictive covenant agreement then in effect between the Bank or the Holding Company and the Employee, or if no such
agreement exists,  Prohibited Disclosure  means the actual disclosure of trade secrets, customer information or any
other confidential or proprietary information of the Bank or the Holding Company to another business or businesses, including,
without limitation, known competitors or other organizations or entities that compete with the Bank s or the Holding Company s
business. 

2.24         Retirement
Age    shall mean the Employee s attainment of age sixty-six (66). 

2.25         Termination
of Employment    shall mean the Employee s  separation from service  with the Bank within the meaning
of Section 409A of the Code. 

2.26         Trust   
shall mean one or more grantor trusts (so-called  Rabbi Trusts ), if any, established pursuant to Sections 671 et.
seq. of the Code and maintained by the Bank for its own administrative convenience in connection with the operation and administration
of this Agreement and the management of any of its general assets set aside to help cover its financial obligations under this
Agreement. Such Trust, if any, shall be governed by a separate agreement between the Bank and the Trustee. Any such assets held
in such a Trust shall remain subject to the claims of the Bank s general creditors. The Bank shall not be required to establish
such a Trust, and may continue or discontinue such a Trust, if created, only subject to those limitations of termination and amendment
as may be contained in the Trust agreement. 

2.27         Trustee   
shall mean the party or parties named under any Trust agreement (and such successor and/or additional trustees) who shall possess
such authority and discretion to hold, manage and control specified assets of the Bank in connection with the operation and administration
of this Agreement as provided under the agreement between the Trust and the Bank. 

2.28         Years
of Plan Service    shall mean the number of full calendar years the Employee has been employed by the Bank beginning
on the Effective Date. 

ARTICLE
III 
 
 EMPLOYEE BENEFITS  

3.1        Normal
Retirement Benefit; Change in Control .  Except as otherwise provided in Articles III and IV, upon the first to occur of
(i) the Executive s achieving Retirement Age while employed by the Bank or (ii) a Change in Control while the Executive is
employed by the Bank, the Executive shall be paid an annual benefit of $250,000 (the    Normal Retirement Benefit   )
for a period of five (5) years, commencing the first day of the month following the Executive s Payment Age. 

3.2        Death
Benefit for Death Prior to Retirement Age .  In the event of the Employee s death while the Employee is employed by
the Bank but prior to the Employee s becoming entitled to receive Normal Retirement Benefit payments or other Plan Distributions,
the Employee s Beneficiary shall receive the Normal Retirement Benefit for a period of five (5) years, commencing the tenth
(10th) anniversary of the Employee s death. Such benefit shall be in lieu of and replacement for all other benefits provided
for under this Agreement and shall be in full satisfaction of any and all benefits provided for under this Agreement. 

3.3        Voluntary
Termination of Employment Other Than for Good Reason .  In the event of the Employee incurring a voluntary Termination of
Employment prior to Retirement Age or a Change in Control for any reason other than Good Reason (or as a result of the Employee s
death or Disability), the Bank shall pay the Employee the vested portion of the Accrued Liability determined as of the date of
such Termination of Employment, as provided in Section 4.1. Such benefit amount shall be paid out ratably over a period of five
(5) years, commencing at Payment Age. Such benefit shall be in lieu of and replacement for all other benefits provided for under
this Agreement and shall be in full satisfaction of any and all benefits provided for under this Agreement. 

3.4        Involuntary
Termination of Employment Other Than for Cause and Voluntary Termination for Good Reason .  In the event of the Employee
incurring an involuntary Termination of Employment prior to Retirement Age or a Change in Control for any reason other than Cause
(or as a result of the Employee s death or Disability), or a voluntary Termination of Employment for Good Reason, the Bank
shall pay the Employee the entire Accrued Liability determined as of the date of such Termination of Employment. Such benefit amount
shall be paid out ratably over a period of five (5) years, commencing at Payment Age. Such benefit shall be in lieu of and replacement
for all other benefits provided for under this Agreement and shall be in full satisfaction of any and all benefits provided for
under this Agreement. 

3.5        Plan
Termination .  Subject to the provisions of Section 409A of the Code, in the event the Bank terminates the Agreement while
the Employee is employed by the Bank but prior to the Employee s becoming entitled to receive Normal Retirement Benefit payments
or other Plan Distributions, the Bank shall pay the Employee the entire Accrued Liability determined as of the date of the Agreement s
termination. Such benefit amount shall be paid out ratably over a period of five (5) years, commencing at Payment Age. If the Employee
or the Employee s Beneficiary is already receiving Plan Distributions hereunder when the Agreement is terminated, then such
termination shall have no impact on the continuation of such Plan Distributions pursuant to this Agreement. The payment of an Agreement
termination benefit pursuant to this Section 3.5 shall be in lieu of and replacement for all other benefits provided for under
this Agreement and shall be in full satisfaction of any and all benefits provided for under this Agreement. 

3.6        Disability
Benefit .  In the event of the Employee incurring a Disability while the Employee is employed by the Bank but prior to the
Employee s becoming entitled to receive Normal Retirement Benefit payments, the Bank shall pay Employee the entire Accrued
Liability in effect as of the date of Disability. Such benefit amount shall be paid out ratably over a period of five (5) years,
commencing the fifth (5th) anniversary of the date the Disability has been determined. The payment of such benefit shall be in
lieu of and in replacement for all other benefits provided for under this Agreement and shall be in full satisfaction of any and
all benefits provided for under this Agreement. 

ARTICLE
IV 
 
 VESTING AND FORFEITURE  

4.1        Vesting .
 In the event of the Employee incurring a voluntary Termination of Employment prior to Retirement Age or a Change in Control
for any reason other than Good Reason (or as a result of the Employee s death or Disability), the Employee s Accrued
Liability benefit shall be subject to the following vesting schedule based on the Employee s Years of Plan Service, and such
benefit shall be adjusted, where appropriate, according to the level of vesting achieved as of the date of such termination: 

4.2        Forfeitures .  

A.    Termination for Cause; Removal .  If the Employee s employment is terminated
for Cause or the Employee becomes subject to a final removal or prohibition order issued by an appropriate federal banking agency
pursuant to Section 8(e) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, then the Employee shall forfeit all benefits (or the remainder thereof,
if any) under this Agreement. Such forfeited amounts shall revert to the Bank and shall not be payable to, or for the benefit of,
the Employee, any Beneficiary or any other person claiming benefits through such persons.   

B.    Violation of Non-Competition and/or Nondisclosure Conditions .  If the Employee (1)
violates any non-competition, nondisclosure or similar restrictive covenant agreement, or similar covenants set forth in any employment
agreement, then in effect between the Bank or the Holding Company and the Employee and to which the Employee is then subject, or
(2) if no such agreement exists, engages in Prohibited Disclosure, whether before or after a Termination of Employment, then the
Employee shall forfeit all unpaid benefits under this Agreement. The Employee s compliance with the foregoing covenants and
avoidance of Prohibited Disclosure is a pre-condition to the receipt of Plan Distributions prior to Retirement Age and to the continuation
of any benefit payments under this Agreement after Plan Distributions have commenced (if payable in installments). Such forfeited
amounts shall revert to the Bank and shall not be payable to, or for the benefit of, the Employee, any Beneficiary or any other
person claiming benefits through such persons.   

ARTICLE
V 
 
 DISTRIBUTIONS  

5.1        Distributions .
 The Employee s Plan Distributions shall be distributed only in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement and Section
409A of the Code. 

5.2        Method
of Payment .  All Plan Distributions shall be made in cash, in U.S. currency. The Bank shall make all benefit payments to
the Employee or the Employee s Beneficiary directly, unless the Bank determines to create a Trust for its own administrative
convenience. In such case, the Bank may direct the Trustee to make such payments directly to the Employee or the Employee s
Beneficiary. The payment of any benefits from any Trust by a Trustee shall not be a representation to the Employee of any actual
or implied beneficial interest in any assets in such Trust. The Employee, the Employee s Beneficiary and any other person
claiming or receiving benefit payments hereunder remains a general unsecured creditor of the Bank as to such benefit payments. 

5.3        Timing
of Payment .  With respect to payments of Plan Distributions to which the Employee or the Employee s Beneficiary shall
be entitled under Article III of this Agreement, the following provisions shall apply: 

A.    Normal Retirement Benefit; Change in Control .  Commencing the first day of the month
following the Employee s Payment Age, the Bank shall pay the Employee the Normal Retirement Benefit in twelve (12) equal
monthly installments. Such benefit shall continue to be paid annually for the period set forth in Section 3.1.   

B.    Death of the Employee .    

1.    Death Prior to Retirement Age .  In the event of the Employee s death while the
Employee is employed by the Bank but prior to the Employee s becoming entitled to receive Normal Retirement Benefit payments
or other Plan Distributions, the Bank shall pay the Employee s Beneficiary the Normal Retirement Benefit in twelve (12) equal
monthly installments, commencing the tenth (10th) anniversary of the Employee s death. Such benefit shall continue to be
paid annually for the period set forth in Section 3.2.   

2.    Death Following Commencement of Plan Distributions .  In the event of the Employee s
death after the commencement of Plan Distributions but before receiving all such Plan Distributions, the Bank shall distribute
to the Employee s Beneficiary the remaining Plan Distributions at the same time and in the same amounts that such Plan Distributions
would have been distributed to the Employee had the Employee survived.   

3.    Death Before Plan Distributions Commence .  If the Employee is entitled to Plan Distributions
under this Agreement but dies prior to the commencement of such Plan Distributions, then the Bank shall distribute to the Employee s
Beneficiary the same Plan Distributions at the same time and in the same amounts that such Plan Distributions would have been distributed
to the Employee had the Employee survived.   

C.    Voluntary Termination of Employment Other Than for Good Reason .  In the event the
Employee incurs a voluntary Termination of Employment prior to Retirement Age or a Change in Control for any reason other than
Good Reason (or as a result of the Employee s death or Disability), the Bank shall pay the Employee each annual portion of
the aggregate benefit amount set forth in Section 3.3 in twelve (12) equal monthly installments, commencing upon the first day
of the month following the Employee s Payment Age. Such benefit shall continue to be paid for the period set forth in Section
3.3.   

D.    Involuntary Termination of Employment Other Than for Cause and Voluntary Termination for
Good Reason .  In the event the Employee incurs an involuntary Termination of Employment prior to Retirement Age or a Change
in Control for any reason other than Cause (or as a result of the Employee s death or Disability), or a voluntary Termination
of Employment for Good Reason, the Bank shall pay the Employee each annual portion of the aggregate benefit amount set forth in
Section 3.4 in twelve (12) equal monthly installments, commencing upon the first day of the month following the Employee s
Payment Age. Such benefit shall continue to be paid for the period set forth in Section 3.4.   

E.    Plan Termination .  Subject to the provisions of Section 409A of the Code, in the event
the Bank terminates the Agreement while the Employee is employed by the Bank but prior to the Employee s becoming entitled
to receive Normal Retirement Benefit payments or other Plan Distributions, the Bank shall pay the Employee each annual portion
of the aggregate benefit amount set forth in Section 3.5 in twelve (12) equal monthly installments, commencing upon the first day
of the month following the Employee s Payment Age. Such benefit shall continue to be paid for the period set forth in Section
3.5. If the Employee or the Employee s Beneficiary is already receiving Plan Distributions when the Agreement is terminated,
then such termination shall have no impact on the continuation of such benefits pursuant to this Agreement nor shall it result
in any incremental benefits being paid to the Employee over and above the then existing Plan Distributions.   

F.    Disability .  In the event of the Employee incurring a Disability while the Employee
is employed by the Bank but prior to the Employee s becoming entitled to receive Normal Retirement Benefit payments, the
Bank shall pay the Employee each annual portion of the aggregate benefit amount set forth in Section 3.6 in twelve (12) equal monthly
installments, commencing the fifth (5th) anniversary of the date the Disability has been determined. Such benefit shall continue
to be paid for the period set forth in Section 3.6.   

5.4        Acceleration
or Deferral .  Acceleration or deferral of the time or schedule of any payment under the Agreement is not permitted except
as may be provided by Section 409A of the Code and approved by the Bank and the Employee. 

ARTICLE
VI 
 
 ADMINISTRATION AND CLAIMS PROCEDURE  

6.1        Duties
of the Administrator .  This Agreement shall be administered by an Administrator that shall consist of the Board or such
committee or person(s) as the Board shall appoint. The Administrator shall administer this Agreement according to its express terms
and shall also have the discretion and authority to (i) make, amend, interpret and enforce all appropriate rules and regulations
for the administration of this Agreement and (ii) decide or resolve any and all questions, including interpretations, of this Agreement
as may arise in connection with the Agreement to the extent the exercise of such discretion and authority does not conflict with
Section 409A of the Code and regulations thereunder. The Administrator shall be the  Plan Administrator  and  Named
Fiduciary,  but only to the extent required by ERISA for  top-hat  plans. 

6.2        Agents .
 In the administration of this Agreement, the Administrator may employ agents and delegate to them such administrative duties
as it sees fit (including acting through a duly appointed representative) and may from time to time consult with counsel who may
be counsel to the Bank. 

6.3        Binding
Effect of Decisions .  The decision or action of the Administrator with respect to any question arising out of or in connection
with the administration, interpretation and application of this Agreement and the rules and regulations promulgated hereunder shall
be final and conclusive and binding upon all persons having any interest in this Agreement. 

6.4        Indemnity
of the Administrator .  The Bank shall indemnify and hold harmless the members of the Administrator against any and all claims,
losses, damages, expenses or liabilities arising from any action or failure to act with respect to this Agreement, except in the
case of willful misconduct by the Administrator or any of its members. 

6.5        Bank
Information .  To enable the Administrator to perform its functions, the Bank shall supply full and timely information to
the Administrator on all matters relating to the date and circumstances of the retirement, Disability, death or Termination of
Employment of the Employee, and such other pertinent information as the Administrator may reasonably require. 

6.6        Costs
of the Plan .  All the costs and expenses for administering and operating this Agreement shall be borne by the Bank. The
Bank shall also bear the expense of any federal or state employment taxes in connection with this Agreement. 

6.7        Claims
Procedure .   

A.    Claim .  Benefits shall be paid in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. The
Employee, any Beneficiary or any person who believes that he or she is being denied a benefit to which he or she is entitled under
this Agreement (a    Claimant   ) may file a written request for such benefit with the Bank, setting forth
his or her claim.   

B.    Claim Decision .  Upon the receipt of a claim, the Administrator shall advise the Claimant
that a reply will be forthcoming within ninety (90) days and shall, in fact, deliver such reply within such period. However, the
Administrator may extend the reply period for an additional ninety (90) days for reasonable cause. Any claim not granted or denied
within such time period shall be deemed to have been denied. If the claim is denied in whole or in part, then the Administrator
shall provide written notice to the Claimant, setting forth:   

1.  The reason or reasons for such denial;   

2.  The reference to pertinent provisions of this Agreement on which such denial is based;   

3.  A description of any additional material or information necessary for the Claimant to perfect his
or her claim and an explanation of why such material or such information is necessary;   

4.  Steps to be taken if the Claimant wishes to submit the claim for review; and   

5.  The time limits for requesting a review under subsequent provisions of this Section 6.7.   

C.    Request for Review .  Within sixty (60) days after the receipt by the Claimant of the
Administrator s written notice described above, the Claimant may request in writing that the Administrator review its prior
determination. The Claimant or his duly authorized representative may, but need not, review the pertinent documents and submit
issues and comments in writing for consideration by the Administrator. If the Claimant does not request a review of the Administrator s
determination within such sixty (60) day period, then such Claimant shall be barred and estopped from challenging the Administrator s
determination.   

D.    Review of Decision .  Within sixty (60) days after the Administrator s receipt
of a request for review, the Administrator shall review its prior determination. After considering all materials presented by the
Claimant, the Administrator will render a written decision setting forth the reasons for the decision and containing references
to the pertinent provisions of this Agreement on which the decision is based. If special circumstances require that the sixty (60)
day time period be extended, then the Administrator will so notify the Claimant and shall render the decision as soon as possible,
but no later than one hundred twenty (120) days after receipt of the request for review. Any claim not granted or denied within
such time period will be deemed to have been denied.   

ARTICLE
VII 
 
 AMENDMENT AND MERGER  

7.1        Amendment .
 This Agreement may be amended only by a written agreement signed by the Bank and the Employee. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the Bank may unilaterally amend this Agreement to comply with tax law, including, without limitation, Section 409A of the Code
and any and all regulations and guidance promulgated thereunder. The foregoing authorization also includes such amendment as may
be necessary to ensure that the Agreement is treated as a non-qualified plan under the Code and ERISA, or other laws applicable
to a non-qualified plan, including, without limitation, the right to amend this Agreement so that any Trust, if applicable, created
in conjunction with the Agreement will be treated as a grantor trust under Sections 671 through 679 of the Code, and to otherwise
conform the Agreement s provisions and such Trust, if applicable, to the requirements of any applicable law. 

7.2        Consolidation/Merger/Reorganization .
 The Bank shall not enter into any consolidation, merger or reorganization transaction without the Bank obtaining from the successor-in-interest
organization an agreement to an assignment and assumption of the obligations of the Bank under this Agreement by its successor-in-interest
or surviving company or companies. Should such consolidation, merger or reorganization occur with such an assignment and assumption
of the obligations hereunder, the term  Bank  as defined and used in this Agreement shall refer to the successor-in-interest
or surviving company or companies, as the case may be. 

ARTICLE
VIII 
 
 GENERAL PROVISIONS  

8.1        Applicable
Law .  Except insofar as the law has been superseded by applicable federal law, Georgia law shall govern the construction,
validity and administration of this Agreement. This Agreement is intended be a non-qualified unfunded plan of deferred compensation
and any ambiguities in its construction shall be resolved in favor of an interpretation which will affect this intention. 

8.2        Benefits
Not Transferable or Assignable .  

A.  Benefits under this Agreement shall not be subject to anticipation, alienation, sale, transfer,
assignment, pledge, encumbrance or charge, nor shall any such benefits be in any way liable for or subject to the debts, contracts,
liabilities, engagements or torts of any person entitled to them. Any attempt to anticipate, alienate, sell, transfer, assign,
pledge, encumber or charge such benefits shall be void. This Section 8.2.A. shall also apply to the creation, assignment or recognition
of a right to any benefit payable with respect to the Employee pursuant to a domestic relations order, including a qualified domestic
relations order under Section 414(p) of the Code.   

B.  The Bank may bring an action for a declaratory judgment if the Employee s Beneficiary or
any Beneficiary s benefits hereunder are threatened to be attached by an order from any court. The Bank may seek such declaratory
judgment in a court of competent jurisdiction to:   

1.  Determine the proper recipient or recipients of the benefits to be paid under the Agreement;   

2.  Protect the operation and consequences of the Agreement for the Bank and the Employee; and   

3.  Request any other equitable relief the Bank in its sole judgment may feel appropriate.   

Benefits which may become payable
during the pendency of such an action shall, at the sole discretion of the Bank, either be Paid into the court as they become payable
or held in a separate account subject to the court s final distribution order. Any such delay shall comply in all respects
with Section 409A of the Code. 

8.3        Not
an Employment Contract .  This Agreement is not and shall not be deemed to constitute a contract between the Bank and the
Employee for, or to be a consideration for, an inducement to, or a condition of, the employment of the Employee. Nothing contained
in this Agreement shall give or be deemed to give the Employee the right to remain in the employment of the Bank or to interfere
with the right of the Bank to discharge the Employee at any time. It is expressly understood by the parties that this Agreement
relates to the payment of deferred compensation for the Employee s services and is not intended to be an employment contract. 

8.4        Notices .  

A.  Any notices required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to be sufficiently
given at the time when delivered personally or when mailed by certified or registered first class mail, postage prepaid, addressed
to either party hereto as follows:   

If to the Bank: 

Ameris Bank 

 310 First Street SE 

 Moultrie, GA 31768 

or such other address as communicated
by the Bank to the Employee in future notices hereunder. 

If to the Employee, at his last
known address, as indicated by the records of the Bank, or to such changed address as the Employee may have fixed by notice hereunder. 

B.  Any communication, benefit payment, statement of notice addressed to the Employee or any Beneficiary
at the last post office address as shown on the Bank s records shall be binding on the Employee or such Beneficiary for all
purposes of this Agreement. The Bank, and a Trustee, if applicable, shall not be obligated to search for any Employee or any Beneficiary
beyond sending a registered letter to such last known address.   

8.5        Severability .
 This Agreement as contained in this document constitutes the entire agreement with the Employee as to the subject matter set
forth herein. If any provision of this Agreement shall for any reason be invalid or unenforceable, the remaining provisions of
this Agreement shall be carried into effect, unless the effect thereof would be to materially alter or defeat the purposes of this
Agreement. 

8.6        Employee
is General Creditor with No Rights to Assets .  

A.  The payments to the Employee or the Employee s Beneficiary hereunder shall be made from assets
that shall continue, for all purposes, to be a part of the general, unrestricted assets of the Bank, and no person shall have any
interest in any such assets by virtue of the provisions of this Agreement. The Bank s obligation hereunder shall be an unfunded
and unsecured promise to pay money in the future. To the extent that any person acquires a right to receive a benefit from the
Bank under the provisions hereof, such right shall be no greater than the right of any unsecured general creditor of the Bank,
and no such person shall have nor acquire any legal or equitable right, or claim in or to any property or assets of the Bank. The
Bank shall not be obligated under any circumstances to fund obligations under this Agreement.   

B.  The Bank, in its sole discretion, may acquire and/or set aside assets or funds to support its financial
obligations under this Agreement. No such acquisition or set-aside shall impair or derogate from the Bank s direct obligation
to the Employee or any Beneficiary under this Agreement. However, no Employee or Beneficiary shall be entitled to receive duplicate
payments of any benefits provided hereunder because of the existence of such assets or funds.   

C.  In the event that, in its discretion, the Bank purchases an asset(s) or insurance policy or policies
insuring the life of the Employee to allow the Bank to recover the cost of providing benefits, in whole or in part hereunder, neither
the Employee nor any Beneficiary shall have any rights whatsoever in such assets or insurance policies or in the proceeds therefrom.
The Bank shall be the sole owner and beneficiary of any such assets or insurance policies and shall possess and may exercise all
incidents of ownership therein. No such asset or policy, policies or other property shall be held in any trust either for the Employee
or any other person nor as collateral security for any obligation of the Bank hereunder. The Employee s participation in
the acquisition of such assets or policy or policies shall not be a representation to the Employee or any Beneficiary of any beneficial
interest or ownership in such assets, policy or policies.   

8.7        No
Trust Relationship Created .  Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be deemed to create a trust of any kind or create
any fiduciary relationship between the Bank and the Employee, any Beneficiary, any other Beneficiaries of the Employee, or any
other person claiming benefits through any such persons. Funds allocated hereunder shall continue for all purposes to be part of
the general assets and funds of the Bank, and no person other than the Bank shall have, by virtue of the provisions of this Agreement,
any beneficial interest in such assets and funds. The creation of a grantor trust under the Code to hold such assets or funds for
the administrative convenience of the Bank shall in no way represent to the Employee or Beneficiary a property or beneficial ownership
interest in such assets. 

8.8        Agreement
between the Bank and Employee Only .  This Agreement is solely between the Bank and the Employee. The Employee, the Employee s
Beneficiary or estate or any other person claiming through the Employee, shall only have recourse against the Bank for enforcement
of the terms of this Agreement. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of each the Bank and its successors
and assigns and the Employee and his or her heirs, executors, administrators and Beneficiaries. 

8.9        Independence
of Benefits .  The benefits payable under this Agreement are for services already rendered or to be rendered and shall be
independent of, and in addition to, any other benefits or compensation, whether by salary, bonus or otherwise, payable to the Employee
under any compensation and/or benefit arrangements or plans, incentive cash compensations and stock plans and other retirement
or welfare benefit plans, that now exist or may hereafter exist from time to time. 

8.10        Unclaimed
Property .  Except as may be required by law, the Bank may take of any the following actions if it gives notice to the Employee
or any Beneficiary of an entitlement to a benefit under this Agreement, and the Employee or Beneficiary fails to claim such benefit
or fails to provide its location to the Bank within three (3) calendar years of such notice: 

A.  Direct distribution of such benefits, in such proportions as the Bank may determine, to one or
more or all, of the Employee s next of kin, if the Bank knows their location; or   

B.  Deem this benefit to be forfeited and paid to the Bank if the location of the Employee s
next of kin is not known. However, the Bank shall pay the benefit, unadjusted for gains or losses from the date of such forfeiture,
to the Employee or Beneficiary who subsequently makes proper claim to the benefit.   

The Bank and any Trustee, if applicable,
shall not be liable to any person for payment made in accordance pursuant to applicable state unclaimed property laws. 

8.11        Named
Beneficiary .  As long as this Agreement is in force, the Employee shall be entitled to specify or revoke and change the
Beneficiary or Beneficiaries of a survivor benefit, if any, to be paid at the time of the Employee s death according to procedures
set out by the Bank. 

8.12        Required
Tax Withholding and Reporting .  The Bank shall withhold and report federal, state and local income and other tax amounts
in connection with this Agreement as may be required by law from time to time. 

8.13        Discrepancies
between this Agreement and Any Other Understanding .  In the event of any discrepancies or ambiguities between the terms
of this Agreement and any other understanding between the Bank and the Employee, the terms of this Agreement shall control. 

8.14        Compliance
with Section 409A of the Code .   

A.   This Agreement shall be interpreted and administered in a manner so that any amount or benefit
payable hereunder shall be paid or provided in a manner that is either exempt from or compliant with the requirements Section 409A
of the Code. Nevertheless, the tax treatment of the benefits provided under this Agreement is not warranted or guaranteed, and
neither the Bank nor its directors, officers, employees or advisers shall be held liable for any taxes, interest, penalties or
other amounts owed by the Employee as a result of the application of Section 409A of the Code.   

B.   For purposes of Section 409A of the Code, (i) all payments to be made upon a termination of employment
under this Agreement may only be made upon a  separation from service  within the meaning of such term under Section
409A of the Code, (ii) each payment made under this Agreement shall be treated as a separate payment and (iii) the right to a series
of installment payments under this Agreement is to be treated as a right to a series of separate payments. In no event shall the
Employee, directly or indirectly, designate the calendar year of payment.   

C.   Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, if, at the time of the Employee s
separation from service with the Bank, the Employee is a  specified employee  (as defined in Section 409A of the Code)
and it is necessary to postpone the commencement of any severance payments otherwise payable pursuant to this Agreement as a result
of such separation from service to prevent any accelerated or additional taxes, interest, penalties or other amounts under Section
409A of the Code, then the Bank will postpone the commencement of the payment of any such payments or benefits hereunder (without
any reduction in such payments or benefits ultimately paid or provided to the Employee) that are not otherwise exempt from Section
409A of the Code until the Bank s first payroll date that is six (6) months following the Employee s separation from
service with the Bank. If any payments are postponed pursuant to this Section 8.14, then such postponed amounts will be paid in
a lump sum to the Employee on the Bank s first payroll date that occurs after the date that is six (6) months following the
Employee s separation from service. If the Employee dies during the postponement period prior to the payment of any postponed
amount, then such amount shall be paid as provided herein within sixty (60) days after the date of the Employee s death.   

[Signature page follows.] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF ,
the Bank and the Employee have executed, or caused to be executed, this Agreement as of the date first set forth above. 

BANK :   

AMERIS BANK   

By:  
         /s/ Cindi Lewis   

Name:  Cindi Lewis  

Title:    EVP, Chief Administrative Officer  

and Corporate Secretary  

EMPLOYEE :   

/s/ Edwin W. Hortman, Jr.  

EDWIN W. HORTMAN, JR.   

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 3
 v451595_ex10-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.2

Exhibit 10.2  

   FIRST AMENDMENT   

   TO    

   SUPPLEMENTAL EXECUTIVE RETIREMENT
AGREEMENT   

THIS FIRST
AMENDMENT TO SUPPLEMENTAL EXECUTIVE RETIREMENT AGREEMENT  (the    Amendment   ) is made and entered into
as of the 7th day of November, 2016 by and between  AMERIS BANK , a bank duly organized under the laws of the State of Georgia
(the    Bank   ), and  CINDI H. LEWIS  (the    Employee   ). 

WHEREAS , the
Bank and the Employee have entered into that certain Supplemental Executive Retirement Agreement dated as of November 7, 2012 (the
   Original Agreement    and 

WHEREAS , the
parties wish to amend the Original Agreement, as set forth herein, to provide for an additional five (5) years of annual benefits,
to be paid following the 10-year period during which annual benefits are otherwise payable under the Original Agreement, subject
to the other terms and conditions of the Original Agreement applicable to the payment of such benefits; 

NOW, THEREFORE ,
in consideration of the premises and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged,
the parties hereby agree as follows: 

1.        Amendments . 
Each reference to  ten (10) years  in Sections 3.1, 3.2, 3.3, 3.4 and 3.5 of the Original Agreement is hereby deleted
and replaced with  fifteen (15) years . 

2.        Confirmation
of Original Agreement .  Except as expressly amended by this Amendment, the Original Agreement shall otherwise remain unmodified
and in full force and effect. To the extent of any inconsistency between the Original Agreement and this Amendment, the terms of
this Amendment shall control. Any reference to the  Agreement , as set forth in the Original Agreement, shall mean
the Original Agreement as amended by this Amendment. 

3.        Severability .
 If any provision of this Amendment shall for any reason be invalid or unenforceable, the remaining provisions of this Amendment
shall be carried into effect, unless the effect thereof would be to materially alter or defeat the purposes of the Original Agreement
as amended by this Amendment. 

4.        Applicable
Law .  Except insofar as the law has been superseded by applicable federal law, Georgia law shall govern the construction,
validity and administration of this Amendment. 

5.        Counterparts;
Electronic Signature .  This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, all of which, taken together, shall
constitute one and the same instrument, and any of the parties or signatories hereto may execute this Amendment by signing any
such counterpart. Electronic signatures in the form of handwritten signatures on a facsimile transmittal and scanned and digitized
images of a handwritten signature (e.g., scanned document in PDF format) shall have the same force and effect as original manual
signatures. 

[Signature page follows.] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF ,
the Bank and the Employee have executed, or caused to be executed, this Amendment as of the date first set forth above. 

BANK :  

AMERIS BANK  

By: 
        /s/ Edwin W. Hortman, Jr. 

Name:  Edwin W. Hortman, Jr. 

Title:  Chief Executive Officer 

EMPLOYEE :  

/s/ Cindi H. Lewis 

CINDI H. LEWIS  

</EX-10.2>

<EX-10.3>
 4
 v451595_ex10-3.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.3

Exhibit 10.3  

EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT   

THIS EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT
AGREEMENT  (this   Agreement  ) is made and entered as of the 25th day of July, 2016, by and among  AMERIS
BANCORP , a Georgia corporation (the   Bancorp  ),  AMERIS BANK , a Georgia state-chartered bank and wholly
owned subsidiary of the Bancorp (the   Bank   the Bancorp and the Bank are collectively referred to herein as
the   Employer  ), and  JOSEPH B. KISSEL  (  Executive  ). 

BACKGROUND  

WHEREAS,  the
expertise and experience of Executive in the financial institutions industry are valuable to the Employer; 

WHEREAS,  it
is in the best interests of the Employer to maintain an experienced and sound executive management team to manage the Employer,
further the Employer s overall strategies and protect and enhance shareholder value; and 

WHEREAS,  the
Employer and Executive desire to enter into this Agreement to establish the scope, terms and conditions of Executive s continued
employment by the Employer; 

NOW, THEREFORE, 
in consideration of the foregoing and of the mutual covenants and agreements set forth herein, and other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows: 

1.        Effective
Date . The effective time and date of this Agreement shall be deemed to be 12:00:01 a.m. on the date of its making first set
forth above (the   Effective Date  ). 

2.        Employment .
Executive is employed as the Chief Information Officer of the Employer. Executive s responsibilities, duties, prerogatives
and authority in such offices shall be those customary for persons holding such offices of institutions in the financial institutions
industry, as well as such other duties of an executive, managerial or administrative nature, which are consistent with such offices,
as shall be specified and designated from time to time by the Board of Directors of the Bancorp (the   Bancorp Board  ). 

3.        Employment
Period . Unless earlier terminated in accordance with Section 6 hereof, Executive s employment under this Agreement shall
begin as of the Effective Date and shall continue until the second anniversary thereof (the   Initial Term  );
 provided ,  however , that on the second anniversary of the Effective Date and on each second anniversary thereafter,
Executive s term of employment hereunder shall be extended by two years, unless either Executive or the Employer provides
written notice to the other at least 90 days prior to the applicable extension date that Executive s employment period shall
not be further extended (the Initial Term, as so extended, the   Employment Period  ). For purposes of this Agreement,
  terminate   (and variations and derivatives thereof) shall mean, when used in connection with a cessation of
employment, that Executive has incurred a separation from service as defined in Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986,
as amended (the   Code  ), and guidance and regulations issued thereunder (collectively,   Section 409A  ). 

4.        Extent
of Service . During the Employment Period, and excluding any periods of vacation, sick or other leave to which Executive is
entitled under this Agreement, Executive agrees to devote all of Executive s business time and efforts to serving the business
and affairs of the Employer commensurate with Executive s offices. During the Employment Period, it shall not be a violation
of this Agreement for Executive, subject to the requirements of Section 11, to (i) serve on civic or charitable boards or
committees or (ii) manage personal investments, so long as such activities do not materially interfere with the performance
of Executive s responsibilities to the Employer or violate the Employer s conflicts of interest or other applicable
policies. 

5.        Compensation
and Benefits . 

(a)        Base
Salary . During the Employment Period, the Employer will pay to Executive a base salary at the rate of at least $280,000 per
year (  Base Salary  ), less normal withholdings, payable in equal monthly or more frequent installments as are
customary under the Employer s payroll procedures from time to time. In accordance with the policies and procedures of the
Compensation Committee (the   Committee  ) of the Bancorp Board, the Employer shall review Executive s total
compensation at least annually and in its sole discretion may adjust Executive s total compensation from year to year, but
during the Employment Period the Employer may not decrease Executive s Base Salary below $280,000;  provided ,  however ,
that periodic increases in Base Salary, once granted, shall not be subject to revocation. The annual review of Executive s
total compensation will consider, among other things, changes in the cost of living, Executive s own performance and the
Bancorp s consolidated performance. 

(b)        Incentive
Plans . During the Employment Period, Executive shall be entitled to participate, as determined by the Committee, in all incentive
plans of the Employer applicable to senior executives of the Employer generally, including, without limitation, short-term and
long-term incentive plans and equity compensation plans. 

(c)        Benefit
Plans . During the Employment Period, Executive or Executive s dependents, as the case may be, shall be eligible for participation
in all employee benefit plans, practices, policies and programs provided by the Employer applicable to senior executives of the
Employer generally (the   Benefit Plans  ). 

(d)        Expenses .
During the Employment Period, Executive shall be entitled to receive prompt reimbursement, in accordance with the policies, practices
and procedures of the Employer applicable to senior executives of the Employer generally, for all reasonable and necessary out-of-pocket
expenses incurred by Executive in the performance of Executive s duties under this Agreement. The expenses eligible for reimbursement
under this Section 5(d) in any year shall not affect any expenses eligible for reimbursement or in-kind benefits in any other year.
Executive s rights under this Section 5(d) are not subject to liquidation or exchange for any other benefit. 

(e)        Vacation,
Sick and Other Leave . During the Employment Period, Executive shall be entitled annually to a minimum of 20 business days of
paid vacation and shall be entitled to those number of business days of paid disability, sick and other leave specified in the
employment policies of the Employer. 

6.        Termination
of Employment . 

(a)        Cause .
The Employer may terminate Executive s employment with the Employer for Cause. For purposes of this Agreement,   Cause  
shall mean: 

(i)       the
willful and continued failure of Executive to perform Executive s duties with the Employer, other than any such failure resulting
from Disability (as defined below), or to follow the directives of the Bancorp Board or a more senior executive of the Employer,
following written notice from the Chief Executive Officer of the Employer specifying such failure; 

(ii)       Executive s
willful misconduct or gross negligence (including, but not limited to, a material willful violation of the Employer s written
corporate governance and ethics guidelines and codes of conduct) in connection with the Employer s business or relating to
Executive s duties hereunder; 

(iii)       Executive s
habitual substance abuse; 

(iv)       Executive s
being convicted of, or pleading guilty or nolo contendere to, a felony or a crime involving moral turpitude; 

(v)       Executive s
willful theft, embezzlement or act of comparable dishonesty against the Employer; 

(vi)       a
willful act by Executive which constitutes a material breach of Executive s fiduciary duty to the Employer; 

(vii)       a
material breach by Executive of this Agreement, which breach is not cured (if curable) by Executive within 30 days following Executive s
receipt of written notice thereof; or 

(viii)       conduct
by Executive that results in the permanent removal of Executive from Executive s position as an officer or employee of the
Bancorp or the Bank pursuant to a written order by any banking regulatory agency with authority or jurisdiction over the Bancorp
or the Bank, as the case may be. 

For purposes of this Section 6(a), no act
or failure to act on the part of Executive shall be considered  willful  unless it is done, or omitted to be done,
by Executive in bad faith or without reasonable belief that Executive s action or omission was in the best interests of the
Employer. 

(b)        Good
Reason . Executive may terminate Executive s employment with the Employer for Good Reason. For purposes of this Agreement,
  Good Reason   shall mean: (i) a material diminution in Executive s authority, duties or responsibilities;
(ii) a material change in the geographic location at which Executive must regularly perform the services to be performed by Executive
pursuant to this Agreement (other than a change in such geographic location to an office or other location closer to Executive s
home residence); and (iii) any other action or inaction that constitutes a material breach by the Employer of this Agreement;  provided ,
 however , that Executive must provide notice to the Employer of the condition Executive contends is Good Reason within 90
days after the initial existence of the condition, and the Employer must have a period of 30 days to remedy the condition. If the
condition is not remedied within such 30-day period, then Executive must provide a Notice of Termination as set forth in Section
6(f) within 30 days after the end of the Employer s remedy period. 

(c)        Without
Cause . The Employer may terminate Executive s employment without Cause (a   Termination Without Cause  ). 

(d)        Voluntary
Termination . Executive may voluntarily terminate Executive s employment without Good Reason (a   Voluntary Termination  ). 

(e)        Death
or Disability . Executive s employment with the Employer shall terminate automatically upon Executive s death during
the Employment Period. If the Employer determines in good faith that the Disability of Executive has occurred during the Employment
Period, it may give to Executive written notice in accordance with Sections 6(f) and 14(i) of this Agreement of its intention to
terminate Executive s employment. In such event, Executive s employment with the Employer shall terminate effective
on the 45th day after receipt of such written notice by Executive (the   Disability Effective Date  ), provided
that, within the 30 days after such receipt, Executive shall not have returned to full-time performance of Executive s duties.
For purposes of this Agreement,   Disability   shall mean the inability of Executive to perform Executive s
duties with the Employer on a full-time basis for 180 days in any one-year period as a result of incapacity due to mental or physical
illness or injury. 

(f)        Notice
of Termination . Any termination (other than for death) shall be communicated by a Notice of Termination given in accordance
with Section 14(i) of this Agreement. For purposes of this Agreement, a   Notice of Termination   means a written
notice that (i) indicates the specific termination provision in this Agreement relied upon, (ii) to the extent applicable, sets
forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed to provide a basis for termination of Executive s employment
under the provision so indicated and (iii) if the Termination Date (as defined below) is other than the date of receipt of such
notice, specifies the Termination Date (which date shall be not more than 30 days after the giving of such notice, except as otherwise
provided in Section 6(e)). The failure to set forth in the Notice of Termination any fact or circumstance which contributes to
a showing of Disability, Cause or Good Reason shall not waive any right of Executive or the Employer hereunder or preclude Executive
or the Employer from asserting such fact or circumstance in enforcing Executive s or the Employer s rights hereunder. 

(g)        Termination
Date .   Termination Date   means (i) if Executive s employment is terminated by the Employer for Cause
or without Cause, the date of Executive s receipt of the Notice of Termination or a later date specified therein, as the
case may be, (ii) if Executive s employment is terminated by Executive for Good Reason, the date of the Employer s
receipt of the Notice of Termination, (iii) if Executive s employment is terminated by Executive as a Voluntary Termination,
the date of the Employer s receipt of the Notice of Termination or a later date specified therein, as the case may be, and
(iv) if Executive s employment is terminated by reason of death or Disability, the Termination Date shall be the date of
death of Executive or the Disability Effective Date, as the case may be. 

7.        Obligations
of the Employer Upon Termination . 

(a)        Cause;
Voluntary Termination . If, during the Employment Period, the Employer shall terminate Executive s employment for Cause
or Executive shall terminate Executive s employment by a Voluntary Termination, then Executive shall be entitled to receive
the following (collectively, the   Accrued Amounts  ): 

(i)       any
accrued but unpaid Base Salary and accrued but unused vacation, sick or other leave pay, which shall be paid on the pay date immediately
following the Termination Date in accordance with the Employer s customary payroll procedures; 

(ii)       any
earned but unpaid cash bonus with respect to any completed fiscal year immediately preceding the Termination Date, which shall
be paid on the otherwise applicable payment date;  provided ,  however , that if Executive s employment is terminated
by the Employer for Cause, then any such accrued but unpaid cash bonus shall be forfeited; 

(iii)       reimbursement
for unreimbursed business expenses properly incurred by Executive, which shall be subject to and paid in accordance with the Employer s
expense reimbursement policies, practices and procedures; and 

(iv)       such
employee benefits, if any, as to which Executive may be entitled under the Benefit Plans as of the Termination Date. 

(b)        Termination
Without Cause or for Good Reason . If, during the Employment Period, the Employer shall terminate Executive s employment
without Cause or Executive shall terminate Executive s employment for Good Reason, then Executive shall be entitled to receive
the Accrued Amounts and, subject to Executive s execution of a release of claims in favor of the Employer, its subsidiaries
and affiliates and their respective officers and directors in a form to be provided by the Employer (the    Release   )
and such Release becoming effective within 45 days following the Termination Date (such 45-day period, for purposes of this Section
7(b), the    Release Execution Period   ), Executive shall also be entitled to receive the following: 

(i)       a
lump sum amount equal to two times the sum of (A) Executive s Base Salary and (B) Executive s highest cash bonus earned
with respect to any fiscal year within the three most recently completed fiscal years immediately preceding the Termination Date,
which amount shall be paid in cash on or before the 60th day after the Termination Date;  provided ,  however , that
if the Release Execution Period begins in one taxable year and ends in another taxable year, then payment shall not be made until
the beginning of the second taxable year; 

(ii)       a
lump sum amount equal to the product of (A) the cash bonus, if any, that Executive would have earned for the fiscal year in which
the Termination Date occurs based on the achievement of applicable performance goals for such year and (B) a fraction, the numerator
of which is the number of days Executive was employed by the Employer during the year of termination and the denominator of which
is the number of days in such year (the    Pro-Rata Bonus   ), which amount shall be paid in cash on the
date that annual bonuses are paid to senior executives of the Employer generally, but in no event later than two-and-one-half months
following the end of the fiscal year in which the Termination Date occurs; and 

(iii)       if
Executive timely and properly elects continuation coverage under the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (   COBRA   ),
then the Employer shall reimburse Executive for the monthly COBRA premium paid by Executive for Executive and Executive s
dependents until the earliest of: (A) the 18-month anniversary of the Termination Date; (B) the date Executive is no longer eligible
to receive COBRA continuation coverage; and (C) the date on which Executive becomes eligible to receive substantially similar coverage
from another employer. Such reimbursement shall be paid to Executive on the 15th day of the month immediately following the month
in which Executive timely remits the premium payment. 

(c)        Death
or Disability . If Executive s employment is terminated during the Employment Period on account of Executive s death
or Disability, Executive (or Executive s estate or beneficiaries, as the case may be) shall be entitled to receive the following:
(i) the Accrued Amounts; and (ii) a lump sum amount equal to the Pro-Rata Bonus, if any, that Executive would have earned for the
fiscal year in which the Termination Date occurs based on the achievement of applicable performance goals for such year, which
amount shall be paid in cash on the date that annual bonuses are paid to senior executives of the Employer generally, but in no
event later than two-and-one-half months following the end of the fiscal year in which the Termination Date occurs. Notwithstanding
any other provision contained herein, all payments made in connection with Executive s Disability shall be provided in a
manner that is consistent with federal and state law. 

8.        Non-Exclusivity
of Rights . Nothing in this Agreement shall prevent or limit Executive s continuing or future participation in any plan,
program, policy or practice provided by the Employer and for which Executive may qualify, nor shall anything herein limit or otherwise
affect such rights as Executive may have under any contract or agreement with the Employer, except as expressly provided otherwise
in this Agreement. Amounts which are vested benefits or which Executive is otherwise entitled to receive under any plan, policy,
practice or program of or any contract or agreement with the Employer at or subsequent to the Termination Date shall be payable
in accordance with such plan, policy, practice or program or such contract or agreement, except as expressly modified by this Agreement. 

9.        No
Mitigation . In no event shall Executive be obligated to seek other employment or take any other action by way of mitigation
of the amounts payable to Executive under Section 7 of this Agreement. 

10.        Code
Section 280G . 

(a)        Certain
Reductions in Agreement Payments . Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, in the event a nationally recognized
independent accounting firm designated by the Employer and reasonably acceptable to Executive (the   Accounting Firm  )
shall determine that receipt of all payments or distributions by the Employer and its affiliates in the nature of compensation
to or for Executive s benefit, whether paid or payable pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise (a   Payment  ),
would subject Executive to the excise tax under Section 4999 of the Code, the Accounting Firm shall determine as required below
in this Section 10(a) whether to reduce any of the Payments paid or payable pursuant to this Agreement (the   Agreement
Payments  ) to the Reduced Amount (as defined below). The Agreement Payments shall be reduced to the Reduced Amount only
if the Accounting Firm determines that Executive would have a greater Net After-Tax Receipt (as defined below) of aggregate Payments
if Executive s Agreement Payments were so reduced. If the Accounting Firm determines that Executive would not have a greater
Net After-Tax Receipt of aggregate Payments if Executive s Agreement Payments were so reduced, then Executive shall receive
all Agreement Payments to which Executive is entitled. 

(b)        Accounting
Firm Determinations . If the Accounting Firm determines that aggregate Agreement Payments should be reduced to the Reduced Amount,
then the Employer shall promptly give Executive notice to that effect and a copy of the detailed calculation thereof. All determinations
made by the Accounting Firm under this Section 10 shall be binding upon the Employer and Executive and shall be made as soon as
reasonably practicable and in no event later than 20 days following the Termination Date. For purposes of reducing the Agreement
Payments to the Reduced Amount, only amounts payable under this Agreement (and no other Payments) shall be reduced. The reduction
of the amounts payable hereunder, if applicable, shall be made by reducing the payments and benefits under the following sections
in the following order: first from Section 7(b)(iii), then from Section 7(b)(ii) and lastly from Section 7(b)(i). All fees and
expenses of the Accounting Firm shall be borne solely by the Employer. 

(c)        Overpayments;
Underpayments . As a result of the uncertainty in the application of Section 4999 of the Code at the time of the initial determination
by the Accounting Firm hereunder, it is possible that amounts will have been paid or distributed by the Employer to or for the
benefit of Executive pursuant to this Agreement which should not have been so paid or distributed (an   Overpayment  )
or that additional amounts which will have not been paid or distributed by the Employer to or for the benefit of Executive pursuant
to this Agreement which should have been so paid or distributed (an   Underpayment  ), in each case consistent
with the calculation of the Reduced Amount hereunder. In the event that the Accounting Firm, based upon the assertion of a deficiency
by the Internal Revenue Service against either the Employer or Executive which the Accounting Firm believes has a high probability
of success determines that an Overpayment has been made, Executive shall pay any such Overpayment to the Employer together with
interest at the applicable federal rate provided for in Section 7872(f)(2) of the Code;  provided ,  however , that no
amount shall be payable by Executive to the Employer if and to the extent such payment would not either reduce the amount on which
Executive is subject to tax under Section 1 and Section 4999 of the Code or generate a refund of such taxes. In the event
that the Accounting Firm, based upon controlling precedent or other substantial authority, determines that an Underpayment has
occurred, any such Underpayment shall be paid promptly (and in no event later than 60 days following the date on which the Underpayment
is determined) by the Employer to or for the benefit of Executive together with interest at the applicable federal rate provided
for in Section 7872(f)(2) of the Code. 

(d)        Definitions .
The following terms shall have the following meanings for purposes of this Section 10: 

(i)         Reduced
Amount   shall mean the greatest amount of Agreement Payments that can be paid that would not result in the imposition
of the excise tax under Section 4999 of the Code if the Accounting Firm determines to reduce Agreement Payments pursuant to Section
10(a). 

(ii)         Net
After-Tax Receipt   shall mean the present value (as determined in accordance with Sections 280G(b)(2)(A)(ii) and 280G(d)(4)
of the Code) of a Payment net of all taxes imposed on Executive with respect thereto under Sections 1 and 4999 of the Code and
under applicable state and local laws, determined by applying the highest marginal rate under Section 1 of the Code and under state
and local laws which applied to Executive s taxable income for the immediately preceding taxable year, or such other rate(s)
as the Accounting Firm determined to be likely to apply to Executive in the relevant taxable year(s). 

11.        Restrictive
Covenants . 

(a)        Executive
Acknowledgements . Executive acknowledges that (i) the Employer has separately bargained and paid additional consideration for
the restrictive covenants in this Section 11 and (ii) the Employer will provide certain benefits to Executive hereunder in reliance
on such covenants in view of the unique and essential nature of the services Executive will perform on behalf of the Employer and
the irreparable injury that would befall the Employer should Executive breach such covenants. Executive further acknowledges that
Executive s services are of a special, unique and extraordinary character and that Executive s position with the Employer
will place Executive in a position of confidence and trust with customers and employees of the Employer and its subsidiaries and
affiliates and with the Employer s other constituencies and will allow Executive access to Trade Secrets and Confidential
Information (each as defined below) concerning the Employer and its subsidiaries and affiliates. Executive further acknowledges
that the types and periods of restrictions imposed by the covenants in this Section 11 are fair and reasonable and that such restrictions
will not prevent Executive from earning a livelihood. 

(b)        Covenants .
Having acknowledged the foregoing, Executive covenants and agrees with the Employer as follows: 

(i)       While
Executive is employed by the Employer and continuing thereafter, Executive shall not disclose or use any Confidential Information
or Trade Secret for so long as such information remains Confidential Information or a Trade Secret, as applicable, for any purpose
other than as may be necessary and appropriate in the ordinary course of performing Executive s duties to the Employer during
the Employment Period. 

(ii)       While
Executive is employed by the Employer and for a period of two years thereafter, Executive shall not (except on behalf of or with
the prior written consent of the Employer), on Executive s own behalf or in the service or on behalf of others, solicit or
attempt to solicit any customer of the Employer or its subsidiaries or affiliates, including, without limitation, actively sought
prospective customers, with whom Executive had Material Contact (as defined below) during Executive s employment, for the
purpose of providing products or services that are Competitive (as defined below) with those offered or provided by the Employer
or its subsidiaries or affiliates or, in the event of Executive s termination, Competitive with those offered or provided
by the Employer or its subsidiaries or affiliates within the two years immediately preceding the termination of Executive s
employment. 

(iii)       While
Executive is employed by the Employer and for a period of two years thereafter, Executive shall not (except on behalf of or with
the prior written consent of the Employer), either directly or indirectly, on Executive s own behalf or in the service or
on behalf of others, perform duties and responsibilities that are the same as or substantially similar to those Executive performs
for the Employer or, in the event of Executive s termination, performed for the Employer within two years prior to the termination
of Executive s employment, for any business which is the same as or essentially the same as the business conducted by the
Employer and its subsidiaries and affiliates, within the Restricted Territory (as defined below). 

(iv)       While
Executive is employed by the Employer and for a period of two years thereafter, Executive shall not (except on behalf of or with
the prior written consent of the Employer), on Executive s own behalf or in the service or on behalf of others, solicit or
recruit or attempt to solicit or recruit, directly or by assisting others, any employee of the Employer or its subsidiaries or
affiliates, whether or not such employee is a full-time employee or a temporary employee of the Employer or its subsidiaries or
affiliates, whether or not such employment is pursuant to a written agreement and whether or not such employment is for a determined
period or is at will, to cease working for the Employer. 

(v)       Upon
the expiration of the Employment Period, or Executive s earlier termination or resignation, Executive will turn over promptly
thereafter to the Employer all physical items and other property belonging to the Employer, including, without limitation, all
business correspondence, letters, papers, reports, customer lists, financial statements, credit reports or other Confidential Information,
data or documents of the Employer, in the possession or control of Executive, all of which are and will continue to be the sole
and exclusive property of the Employer. 

(c)        Definitions .
For purposes of this Section 11, the following terms shall be defined as set forth below: 

(i)         Competitive , 
with respect to particular products or services, shall mean products or services that are the same as or similar to the products
or services of the Employer and its subsidiaries and affiliates. 

(ii)         Confidential
Information   shall mean data and information: (A) relating to the business of the Employer and its subsidiaries and affiliates,
regardless of whether the data or information constitutes a Trade Secret; (B) disclosed to Executive or of which Executive becomes
aware as a consequence of Executive s relationship with the Employer; (C) having value to the Employer; and (D) not generally
known to competitors of the Employer. Confidential Information shall include, without limitation, Trade Secrets, methods of operation,
names of customers, price lists, financial information and projections, personnel data and similar information;  provided ,
 however , that such term shall not mean data or information that (x) has been voluntarily disclosed to the public by the
Employer, except where such public disclosure has been made by Executive without authorization from the Employer, (y) has been
independently developed and disclosed by others or (z) has otherwise entered the public domain through lawful means. 

(iii)         Material
Contact   shall mean contact between Executive and a customer or prospective customer: (A) with whom or which Executive
dealt on behalf of the Employer or its subsidiaries or affiliates; (B) whose dealings with the Employer were coordinated or supervised
by Executive; (C) about whom Executive obtained Confidential Information in the ordinary course of business as a result of Executive s
association with the Employer; or (D) who receives products or services as authorized by the Employer, the sale or provision of
which results or resulted in compensation, commissions or earnings for Executive within the two years immediately preceding the
Termination Date. 

(iv)         Restricted
Territory   shall mean the geographic territory within a 50-mile radius of each of the Employer s corporate offices
located at 310 First Street, S.E., Moultrie, Georgia 31768 and 1301 Riverplace Boulevard, Suite 2600, Jacksonville, Florida 32207;
 provided ,  however , that if the physical location of either or both of such offices shall change during the Term,
then the Restricted Territory shall mean the geographic territory within a 50-mile radius of the physical locations of such offices
at such time and, in the event of the termination of Executive s employment, the Restricted Territory shall mean the geographic
territory within a 50-mile radius of the physical locations of such offices on the Termination Date. 

(v)         Trade
Secret   shall mean information, without regard to form, including, but not limited to, technical or nontechnical data,
a formula, a pattern, a compilation, a program, a device, a method, a technique, a drawing, a process, financial data, financial
plans, product plans or a list of actual or potential customers or suppliers, that is not commonly known by or available to the
public and which information (A) derives economic value, actual or potential, from not being generally known to, and not being
readily ascertainable by proper means by, other persons who can obtain economic value from its disclosure or use and (B) is the
subject of efforts that are reasonable under the circumstances to maintain its secrecy. 

(d)        Equitable
Remedies . Executive acknowledges that irreparable loss and injury would result to the Employer upon the breach of any of the
covenants contained in this Section 11 and that damages arising out of such breach would be difficult to ascertain. Executive hereby
agrees that, in addition to all other remedies provided at law or in equity, the Employer may petition and obtain from a court
of law or equity, without the necessity of proving actual damages and without posting any bond or other security, both temporary
and permanent injunctive relief to prevent a breach by Executive of any covenant contained in this Section 11. 

(e)        Modification
of Covenants . In the event that the provisions of this Section 11 should ever be determined to exceed the time, geographic
or other limitations permitted by applicable law, then such provisions shall be modified so as to be enforceable to the maximum
extent permitted by law. If such provision(s) cannot be modified to be enforceable, the provision(s) shall be severed from this
Agreement to the extent unenforceable. The remaining provisions and any partially enforceable provisions shall remain in full force
and effect. 

12.        Executive s
Representations . Executive hereby represents to the Employer that the execution and delivery of this Agreement by Executive
and the Employer and the performance by Executive of Executive s duties hereunder shall not constitute a breach of, or otherwise
contravene, the terms of any employment agreement or other agreement or policy to which Executive is a party or otherwise bound.
Executive represents and warrants that Executive is not subject to any employment agreement, nondisclosure agreement, common law
nondisclosure obligation, fiduciary duty, noncompetition agreement, restrictive covenant or any other obligation to any former
employer or to any other person or entity that conflicts in any way with Executive s ability to be employed by or perform
services for the Employer. 

13.        Assignment
and Successors . 

(a)        Executive .
This Agreement is personal to Executive and without the prior written consent of the Employer shall not be assignable by Executive
otherwise than by will or the laws of descent and distribution. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable
by Executive s legal representatives. 

(b)        The
Employer . This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Employer and its successors and assigns. The
Bancorp and the Bank will each require any successor to it (whether direct or indirect, by stock or asset purchase, merger, consolidation
or otherwise) or to all or substantially all of its business or assets to assume expressly and agree to perform this Agreement
in the same manner and to the same extent it would be required to perform it if no such succession had taken place. 

14.        Miscellaneous . 

(a)        Waiver .
Failure of either party to insist, in one or more instances, on performance by the other in strict accordance with the terms and
conditions of this Agreement shall not be deemed a waiver or relinquishment of any right granted in this Agreement or of the future
performance of any such term or condition or of any other term or condition of this Agreement, unless such waiver is contained
in a writing signed by the party making the waiver. 

(b)        Severability .
If any provision or covenant, or any part thereof, of this Agreement should be held by any court to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable,
either in whole or in part, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect the validity, legality enforceability
of the remaining provisions or covenants, or any part thereof, of this Agreement, all of which shall remain in full force and effect. 

(c)        Entire
Agreement . This Agreement contains the entire agreement between the Employer and Executive with respect to the subject matter
hereof and from and after the Effective Date supersedes and invalidates all previous employment agreements with Executive. No representations,
inducements, promises or agreements, oral or otherwise, which are not embodied herein shall be of any force or effect. 

(d)        Withholdings .
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Employer shall withhold from any amounts payable or benefits provided
under this Agreement any federal, state and local taxes as shall be required to be withheld pursuant to any applicable law or regulation. 

(e)        Compliance
with Section 409A . 

(i)       It
is intended that this Agreement shall conform with all applicable Section 409A requirements to the extent Section 409A applies
to any provisions of the Agreement. Accordingly, in interpreting, construing or applying any provisions of the Agreement, the same
shall be construed in such manner as shall meet and comply with Section 409A, and in the event of any inconsistency with Section
409A, the same shall be reformed so as to meet the requirements of Section 409A. For purposes of Section 409A, each payment made
under this Agreement shall be treated as a separate payment and the right to a series of installment payments under this Agreement
is to be treated as a right to a series of separate payments. In no event shall Executive, directly or indirectly, designate the
calendar year of payment. Executive acknowledges that the Employer has not made, and does not make, any representation or warranty
regarding the treatment of this Agreement or the benefits payable under this Agreement under federal, state or local income tax
laws, including, but not limited to, Section 409A or compliance with the requirements thereof. 

(ii)       To
the extent Executive is a  specified employee  as defined in Section 409A, notwithstanding the timing of payment provided
in any other Section of this Agreement, no payment, distribution or benefit under this Agreement that constitutes a distribution
of deferred compensation (within the meaning of Section 409A) upon separation from service (within the meaning of Section 409A),
after taking into account all available exemptions, that would otherwise be payable, distributable or settled during the six-month
period after separation from service, will be made during such six-month period, and any such payment, distribution or benefit
will instead be paid, distributed or settled on the first business day after such six-month period;  provided ,  however ,
that if Executive dies following the Termination Date and prior to the payment, distribution, settlement or provision of any payments,
distributions or benefits delayed on account of Section 409A, then such payments, distributions or benefits shall be paid or provided
to the personal representative of Executive s estate within 30 days after the date of Executive s death. 

(f)        Clawback
Provisions . Notwithstanding any other provisions in this Agreement to the contrary, any bonus, incentive-based, equity-based
or other similar compensation paid to Executive pursuant to this Agreement or any other agreement or arrangement with the Employer
which is subject to recovery under any law, government regulation or stock exchange listing requirement will be subject to such
deductions and clawback as may be required to be made pursuant to such law, government regulation or stock exchange listing requirement
(or any policy adopted by the Employer pursuant to any such law, government regulation or stock exchange listing requirement). 

(g)        Governing
Law . Except to the extent preempted by federal law, the laws of the State of Georgia shall govern this Agreement in all respects,
whether as to its validity, construction, capacity, performance or otherwise. 

(h)        Arbitration .
Except for any claim for injunctive relief hereunder or as provided in Section 11 hereof, any controversy or claim arising out
of or relating to this Agreement, or the breach thereof, shall be settled by binding arbitration in accordance with the rules and
procedures of the American Arbitration Association. The place of arbitration shall be selected by the Employer. The decision of
the arbitration panel shall be final and binding upon the parties, and judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitration panel
may be entered by any court having jurisdiction. The parties agree that Executive and the Employer shall each bear one-half of
the administrative expenses (filing and arbitrator costs) associated with the arbitration, and the prevailing party shall be entitled
to reimbursement for the additional costs and expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys  fees, incurred
by such party in connection with any such dispute. 

(i)        Notices .
Any notice or other communication required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and shall be delivered personally, by nationally
recognized overnight courier service or sent by certified, registered or express mail, postage prepaid. Any such notice shall be
deemed given when so delivered personally, when delivered by nationally recognized overnight courier service or, if mailed, five
days after the date of deposit in the United States mail, as follows: 

To the Employer :  

 Ameris Bancorp 

 310 First Street, S.E. 

 Moultrie, Georgia 31768 

 Attention: Chief Executive Officer 

To Executive : 

 At the most recent address on file
for Executive with the Employer. 

Any party may change the address to which
notices, requests, demands and other communications shall be delivered or mailed by giving notice thereof to the other party in
the same manner provided herein. 

(j)        Survival .
Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the provisions of Sections 7, 10, 11 and 14(e)-(j), the definitions
of defined terms used therein and the remaining provisions of this Section 14 (to the extent necessary to effectuate the survival
of the foregoing provisions) shall survive the termination of this Agreement and any termination of Executive s employment
hereunder. 

(k)        Amendments
and Modifications . This Agreement may be amended or modified only by a writing signed by all parties hereto that makes specific
reference to this Agreement. 

[Signature page follows.] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF ,
the parties hereto have duly executed and delivered this Executive Employment Agreement as of the date first above written. 

AMERIS BANCORP  

By: 
        /s/ Edwin W. Hortman, Jr. 

Name:  Edwin W. Hortman, Jr. 

Title:  President   Chief Executive Officer 

AMERIS BANK  

By: 
        /s/ Edwin W. Hortman, Jr. 

Name:  Edwin W. Hortman, Jr. 

Title:  Chief Executive Officer 

/s/ Joseph B. Kissel 

JOSEPH B. KISSEL  

</EX-10.3>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 v451595_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1   

CERTIFICATION   

I, Edwin W. Hortman, Jr., certify that: 

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
                                         statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
                                         made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading
                                         with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
                                         information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
                                         condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the
                                         periods presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible
                                         for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange
                                         Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
                                         defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
                                         such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
                                         that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries,
                                         is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in
                                         which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
                                         or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
                                         to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and
                                         the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
                                         accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
                                         controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
                                         of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this
                                         report based on such evaluation; and   

(d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
                                         internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
                                         most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
                                         of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
                                         affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have
                                         disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
                                         to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s
                                         board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in
                                         the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
                                         likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
                                         and report financial information; and   

(b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
                                         or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control
                                         over financial reporting.   

Dated: November 9, 2016  
      /s/ Edwin
    W. Hortman, Jr.    

Edwin W. Hortman, Jr., 
         President and Chief Executive Officer   

(principal executive officer)   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 v451595_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2   

CERTIFICATION   

I, Dennis J. Zember Jr., certify that: 

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
                                         statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
                                         made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading
                                         with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
                                         information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
                                         condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the
                                         periods presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible
                                         for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange
                                         Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
                                         defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
                                         such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
                                         that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries,
                                         is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in
                                         which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
                                         or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
                                         to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and
                                         the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
                                         accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
                                         controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
                                         of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this
                                         report based on such evaluation; and   

(d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
                                         internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
                                         most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
                                         of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
                                         affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have
                                         disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
                                         to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s
                                         board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in
                                         the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
                                         likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
                                         and report financial information; and   

(b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
                                         or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control
                                         over financial reporting.   

Dated: November 9, 2016  
      /s/ Dennis J. Zember Jr.    

Dennis J. Zember Jr.,   

Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief
    Operating Officer   

(principal accounting and financial officer)   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 v451595_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1   

SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATION   

I, Edwin W. Hortman, Jr., President and Chief Executive Officer
of Ameris Bancorp (the  Company ), do hereby certify, in accordance with 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

1.  The Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the period
                                         ending September 30, 2016 (the  Periodic Report ) fully complies with the
                                         requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
                                         amended; and   

2.  The information contained in the Periodic Report fairly presents,
                                         in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.   

Dated: November 9, 2016  
      /s/ Edwin W. Hortman, Jr.    

Edwin W. Hortman, Jr.,   

President and Chief Executive Officer   

(principal executive officer)   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 v451595_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2   

SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATION   

I, Dennis J. Zember Jr., Executive Vice President, Chief Financial
Officer and Chief Operating Officer of Ameris Bancorp (the  Company ), do hereby certify, in accordance with 18 U.S.C.
  1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

1.  The Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the
                                         period ending September 30, 2016 (the  Periodic Report ) fully complies with
                                         the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
                                         as amended; and   

2.  The information contained in the Periodic Report fairly presents,
                                         in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.   

Dated: November 9, 2016  
      /s/ Dennis J. Zember Jr.    

Dennis J. Zember Jr.,   

Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief
    Operating Officer   

(principal accounting and financial officer)   

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 10
 abcb-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 abcb-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 abcb-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 abcb-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 abcb-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 abcb-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

