<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161220_10-K_edgar_data_1205181_0001493152-16-016047_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1282755</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>265348</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>0</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>883771</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>101</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>4</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-16-016047.hdr.sgml : 20161220
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161220145847
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-16-016047
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		5
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20121231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161220
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161220

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			IMAGING3 INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001205181
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	X-RAY APPARATUS & TUBES & RELATED IRRADIATION APPARATUS [3844]
		IRS NUMBER:				954451059
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-50099
		FILM NUMBER:		162061195

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3200 W. VALHALLA DRIVE
		CITY:			BURBANK
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91505
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8182600930

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3200 W. VALHALLA DRIVE
		CITY:			BURBANK
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91505

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-16-016047.txt : 20161220

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

U.S.
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

   Washington,
D.C. 20549   

FORM
10-K   

[X]
ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF   

   THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

For
the fiscal year ended:  December 31, 2012   

Commission
file number  000-50099    

IMAGING3,
INC.   

  (Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

3200
W. Valhalla Drive, Burbank, California 91505   

  (Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)  

(818)
260-0930   

  Registrant s
telephone number, including area code  

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Common Stock, $0.001 par value per share   

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes [  ]
No [X]  

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes [  ]
No [X]  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes [X] No [  ]  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes[  ]
No [X]  

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not
be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference
in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. Yes [  ] No [X]  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller
reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large
    accelerated filer  
      [  ]  
         
      Accelerated
    filer  
      [  ]   
 
       Non-accelerated
                                         filer  
          (Do
        not check if a smaller reporting company)   
      [  ]  
         
      Smaller
    reporting company  
      [X]   

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes [  ]
No [X]  

There
were 565,291,689 shares outstanding of the registrant s Common Stock as of December 31, 2012.  

TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

PART I    

ITEM
    1  
       Business   
      3   
 
      ITEM
    1A  
       Risk Factors   
     16  
 
      ITEM
    2  
       Properties   
      20   
 
      ITEM
    3  
       Legal Proceedings   
     20  
 
      ITEM
    4  
       Mine Safety Disclosures   
     21  
 
        PART II    

ITEM
    5  
       Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities   
     22  
 
      ITEM
    6  
       Selected Financial Data   
      22   
 
      ITEM
    7  
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
     23  
 
      ITEM
    8  
       Financial Statements and Supplementary Data   
      28   
 
      ITEM
    9  
       Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure   
      54   
 
      ITEM
    9A  
       Controls and Procedures   
     54  
 
      ITEM
    9B  
       Other Information   
      55   
 
        PART III    

ITEM
    10  
       Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance   
      57   
 
      ITEM
    11  
       Executive Compensation   
      62   
 
      ITEM
    12  
       Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters   
     65  
 
      ITEM
    13  
       Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence   
      66   
 
      ITEM
    14  
       Principal Accounting Fees and Services   
     66  
 
        PART IV    

ITEM
    15  
       Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules   
      67   
 
       SIGNATURES   
      69   

PART
I   

ITEM
1. BUSINESS   

General   

Imaging3,
Inc. has developed a proprietary medical technology designed to produce 3D medical diagnostic images in real time. In the future,
healthcare workers using Imaging3 devices will potentially be able to instantly view 3D, high-resolution images of virtually any
part of the human body.  

History   

We
were founded as Imaging Services, Inc. on October 29, 1993 by Dean Janes. We initially served as a low cost, third party service
alternative for equipment made by Orthopedic Equipment Company Medical Systems ( OEC ). OEC is the largest manufacturer
of mobile surgical C-arms with over a 60% market share in the United States. A C-arm is an integral component of a fluoroscopic
imaging system used for various types of surgery. Management believes that prior to our inception, no company existed solely focused
on providing third party service for OEC equipment.  

In
early 1994, Imaging3 began offering upgrades for OEC C-arms. Our most successful upgrade was a CCD (Charged Coupled Device) camera,
which improved the image quality of older systems to be comparable with that of brand new products. This offering became so successful
that we integrated this upgrade with used OEC C-arms and built custom units for NASA, Harvard, University of California at Irvine,
University of California at Davis, Baylor University, Baxter Healthcare, and other prestigious healthcare organizations. Later
that year, Imaging3 applied for and received United States Food and Drug Administration approval for this device, described as
the NASA II CCD C-arm.  

In
mid-1995, Imaging3 purchased the assets of Pro Med Co. Pro Med Co had an exclusive agreement with OEC to remanufacture OEC C-arms
for OEC Medical Systems. Though the purchase did not transfer the agreement, it eliminated one of our competitors and provided
a substantial inventory of replacement parts. Access to these replacement parts allowed us to increase immediately our production
levels and created the opportunity to remanufacture OEC s complete product line, thereby increasing the models we could
offer our customers. Also, this purchase allowed us to enter the lucrative parts sales business.  

In
2000, we continued our expansion by purchasing a sales company in San Diego, California. This asset purchase brought an extensive
database with the contact information for over 43,000 physicians, hospitals, medical centers and surgery centers as well as a
streamlined automated sales force. Also, as part of this expansion, several key employees, most of whom were former employees
of OEC, were hired to increase our service presence in Arizona, Washington, Nevada, Florida, and Hawaii with a national service
presence as the ultimate goal. In 2002, we closed our San Diego office and consolidated our operations in Burbank, California.  

On
February 19, 2002, a fire gutted our principal operating facility, causing an estimated $4.3 million in damage. The 10,800-square-foot
structure was subsequently rebuilt and we have reoccupied it. In the interim, we leased temporary facilities. The damage to the
building and the loss of our equipment were partially covered by liability insurance. Nevertheless, the fire disrupted our operations.  

In
order to better position us for our future direction away from service and toward providing proprietary medical imaging products,
we changed our name from Imaging Services, Inc. to Imaging3, Inc. on August 20, 2002.  

In
April 2007, we completed building our first prototype medical diagnostic imaging device. On November 25, 2009, we filed with the
FDA a 510(k) application for approval of our medical diagnostic imaging device for sale in the United States. On October 28, 2010,
we received a letter from the FDA responding to our application by rejecting our position that our medical device is substantially
equivalent to prior devices and therefore rejecting our 510(k) application to have our device approved for commercial sale and
use as a Class II device. We disagree with the FDA s position and plan to re-file our application with additional information
supporting our application for clearance. Assuming that the FDA grants approval of our revised application, we intend to follow
up and apply to sell the product in the European and then worldwide markets.  

Imaging3
made its initial 510(k) submission for the Dominion Scanner in June 2007  

The
FDA denied clearance in July 2008, concluding that the device was not substantially   equivalent
to the predicate devices.  

Imaging3
made a second 510(k) submission for the device in September 2009.  

The
FDA again denied clearance and, in a letter dated January 5, 2010, informed Imaging3   of
the denial. In that letter, the FDA informed Imaging3 that it could not determine  whether the Dominion
Scanner was substantially equivalent to the predicate devices and identified certain deficiencies.   

Imaging3
made another 510(k) submission for the Dominion Scanner in July 2010.  

The FDA again determined that the device was not substantially equivalent to the predicate devices.   

The October 28, 2010 letter also enumerated several issues that would need to be resolved before the review of a new 510(k) submission for the Dominion Scanner could be successfully completed, including numerous specific concerns regarding the safety of the device and the quality of the images.   

The October 28, 2010 letter also stated that the images submitted by Imaging3 of the Dominion Scanner provided in a format with  no diagnostically useful information.  As result, the letter noted, the FDA could not determine whether  the machine [was] bad, the acquisition [was] bad, or the window/level setting [was] bad.    

On October 28, 2010 FDA also informed Imaging3 and Janes that the software documentation provided in the Submission  [was] not sufficient to determine the safety and effectiveness of the device.    

The FDA also stated in its October 28, 2010 letter had concerns about the potential for significant vibrations that could  affect image quality.    

Vuksich
Litigation   

In
May of 2012, John M. Vuksich ( Vuksich ), a shareholder who alleges to hold shares or proxies totaling more than 30,000,000
shares in the Company (approximately 5.95 % of the outstanding stock in the Company at the time of the filing prior to the Company s
bankruptcy filing), filed a shareholder derivative action in the Los Angeles County Superior Court against the Company (the  Vuksich
Litigation ). In that litigation, Vuksich challenged certain corporate actions taken by the Company beginning in 2010, including
the Company s amendments to its articles of incorporation authorizing the Company to increase the authorized number of shares
of common stock and to authorize the issuance of preferred stock. Among other things, Vuksich sought an order voiding certain
other financing agreements and sought an order compelling the Company to fill vacancies on its Board of Directors. The Vuksich
Litigation, which sought to alter the equity structure and management of the Company, required the Company to expend its already-limited
resources both in terms of management time and attorney s fees. Although the Company believed that the Vuksich Litigation
could and would be defeated, it decided that the resources of the Company were better directed towards its business objectives
in an effort to create value for the Company s stakeholders.  

There
are currently four appeals pending in the  Vuksich Litigation.  If the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals reverses the
Bankruptcy Court and the District Court in any of these appeals, it could have a negative effect on the confirmed Plan:  

Order Denying Motion to Dismiss Chapter 11 Case, Case No.: 13-56695 (9th Cir.), appeal filed September
30, 2013, appealing the District Court s dismissal of the initial appeal of the order.   

Order Disallowing Claims Nos. 23 and 24, Case No.: 14-55499 (9th Cir.), appeal filed March 31, 2014, appealing the District Court s
order affirming the order of the Bankruptcy Court.  

Order Denying Motion for Abandonment of Potential Claims Against Officers and Directors, Case No.:
14-55521 (9th Cir.), appeal filed April 2, 2014, appealing the District Court s order affirming the order of the Bankruptcy
Court.   

Order Confirming Debtor s First Amended Plan, Case No.: 14-55466 (9th Cir.), appeal filed
March 24, 2014, appealing the District Court s order affirming in part and reversing in part the order of the Bankruptcy
Court.   

Bankruptcy
Reorganization Plan   

As
a result in part of the Vuksich Litigation, on September 13, 2012, the Company filed a voluntary Chapter 11 petition with the
federal bankruptcy court in Los Angeles, California. On or about July 9, 2013, our Plan of Reorganization ( Plan 
or  Chapter 11 Reorganization Plan ) was approved by the United States Bankruptcy Court. On July 30, 2013, the order
confirming the Company s Plan became effective. The Plan adopted by Imaging3, Inc. is a reorganizing plan. Payments under
the Plan were made by utilizing existing cash on hand, borrowings on a secured and unsecured basis, future cash flow, if any,
capital raised through the sale of our common stock in private placements, and by conversion of debt to equity. For accounting
purposes and convenience, the Effective Date was deemed to be July 1, 2013. There was very little activity between July 1, 2013
and July 30, 2013. The following is a brief summary of the Plan as adopted on the Effective Date:  

Administrative
expenses are claims for costs or expenses of administering the Company s Chapter 11 case, and for other expenses incurred
during the Chapter 11. The Bankruptcy Code requires that all administrative claims be paid on the Effective Date of the Plan,
unless a particular claimant agrees to a different treatment. The Company paid approximately $463,146 on the Effective Date for
administrative expenses. Priority tax claims are certain unsecured income, employment and other taxes. The Company is paying approximately
$71,974 of priority tax claims to the IRS, Los Angeles County, California State Board of Equalization and City of Los Angeles
in monthly installments, plus interest, through September 2017. Secured claims are claims secured by liens on the Company s
property. The Company has agreed to pay approximately $105,525 in cash installments, $60,247 of which are over 36 months and $45,278
of which is a one-time payment due in September 2015, for certain secured claims. The Company issued approximately 38,290,480
shares of new common stock to pay approximately $1,073,033 of outstanding debt owed to the Class 3 Creditors (Gemini Master Fund,
Ltd, Alpha Capital Anstalt, and Brio Capital, L.P.), whereupon their liens on Company assets were released. In addition, the Company
issued approximately 18,148,696 new warrants to purchase common stock to Gemini and Alpha, exercisable for a period of ten years
from the Effective Date at $0.000001 per share. The Company issued approximately 15,994,749 shares of new common stock to creditors
represented by Jeffrey K. Lee as their collateral agent to pay approximately $298,142 of additional secured claims. An additional
58,823,965 shares of new common stock are authorized to be issued by the Company to creditors represented by Dane Medley as their
collateral agent to raise up to $1,000,000 of financing for the Company before and after the Effective Date, which may be in the
form of collateralized debt. After the Effective Date, the Company issued 40,057,289 for $744,577 of notes and accrued interest,
which represented a portion of the $1,000,000 it was authorized to raise.  

Business
Operations   

We
believe Imaging3 technology has the potential to contribute to the improvement of healthcare. Our technology is designed to cause
3D images to be instantly constructed using high-resolution fluoroscopy. These images can be used as real time references for
any current or new medical procedures in which multiple frames of reference are required to perform medical procedures on or in
the human body. Management believes that Imaging3 technology has extraordinary market potential in an almost unlimited number
of medical applications, including:  

Trauma
    Center. We believe Imaging3 technology would allow a surgeon to immediately view exactly where a bullet is lodged in a gunshot
    victim. At any point during the procedure, the surgeon could continue to view 3D images in real-time.   

Cardiology.
    We believe Imaging3 technology will provide a 3D view of a heart and allow a cardiologist to record the heartbeat in real-time.
    The entire heart would be visible, including veins that are wrapped around the  back  side.   

Pain
    Management. We believe Imaging3 technology will provide a 3D view of the spine, nerve endings, and injection points and help
    guide the needle for spinal procedures. 3D images in real-time could also be used to view disk compression.   

Neurovascular.
    We believe Imaging3 technology will provide a 3D view of the skull and brain to diagnose neurovascular diseases. 3D images
    in real-time could be used to view the rupture of vessels or arterial blockages diminishing blood flow to the brain.   

Orthopedic.
    We believe Imaging3 technology will provide a 3D view of bones and joints to help diagnose orthopedic conditions. An orthopedic
    surgeon could view a 3D image in real-time to line up a screw with the hole in a hip pinning.   

Vascular.
    We believe Imaging3 technology will provide a 3D view of veins throughout the body. After injecting dye, a 3D image in real-time
    could pinpoint clots and occlusions and help diagnose vascular diseases.   

Multi-function
Device   

A
diagnostic medical imaging device built with Imaging3 technology could perform several functions and could potentially replace
or supplement a number of existing devices, resulting in considerable cost savings for hospitals and healthcare centers. These
functions include:  

Perform
    real-time, 3D medical imaging;   

Emulate
    a computerized tomography scanner (at a fraction of the capital cost); and   

Perform
    standard fluoroscopy.   

Our
management believes that this multi-function capability will be especially attractive in foreign markets, where the cost of a
computed tomography ( CT ) scanner is beyond the means of most hospitals and healthcare centers.  

Existing
Base of Business to Launch a Proprietary Product   

Imaging3
is an established company with revenues and an industry reputation. While we began as a service provider, we expanded to include
equipment and parts sales, both new and renewed. Management believes that Imaging3 was one of the largest remanufacturer of C-arms
in the world. We offered new, demonstration, remanufactured, refurbished, and pre-owned systems in all price ranges from every
major manufacturer including OEC, General Electric, Imaging3, Inc., Philips, Siemens, FluoroScan, XiScan and Ziehm. We currently
supply full-size, compact and mini C-arms.  

Management
believes that Imaging3 was at one time the largest distributor of C-arm tables in the United States. We offered new, demonstration,
remanufactured, refurbished, and pre-owned C-arm tables in all price ranges from every major manufacturer. We also supplied pain
management tables, surgery tables, urology tables, and vascular tables. Imaging3 s management intends to use our base of
operations and channels of distribution to launch our new medical imaging devices business, based on our breakthrough Imaging3
technology.  

Business
and Revenue Models   

Our
business strategy is to: (1) continue to build our base of C-arm remanufacturing and service business, (2) develop medical diagnostic
imaging devices, based on our breakthrough Imaging3 technology for the $5 billion medical imaging market, (3) sell our new medical
diagnostic imaging devices directly to healthcare providers, as well as through channel partners and distributors, and (4) license
our breakthrough Imaging3 technology to other medical diagnostic imaging device manufacturers.  

Our
management believes that most of our future revenues will come from the sale of medical imaging devices, based on our Imaging3
technology. Other revenues are expected to be derived from the licensing of our proprietary technology to other medical diagnostic
imaging device manufacturers. The smallest portion of our future revenue is projected to come from the sale and service of C-arms.  

Proprietary
Technology   

Patent    

On
June 23, 2004, U.S. Patent No. 6,754,297 was granted in the name of Dean Janes, entitled Apparatus and Method for Three-Dimensional
Real-Time Imaging System. The rights to this patent have been assigned to us.  As of December 31, 2015
Imaging3 Inc. had one UCC filing against assets that were obtained by Gemini Capital in conjunction with secured notes.   

Abstract
of the Patent Disclosure    

A
computing device in a three-dimensional imaging system utilizes a plurality of distance readings and reference readings from at
least one subject sensor to determine a subject location and a subject volume and establish a base three-dimensional map of a
subject. A plurality of two-dimensional image exposures along with a plurality of associated reference locations are created by
rotating an image source and an image receptor around an inner circumference of an imaging gantry. The plurality of two-dimensional
image exposures is digitized to create a plurality of digital two-dimensional image exposures. The computing device receives the
plurality of digital two-dimensional image exposures and the plurality of associated reference locations. The overlaying, interpolating
and pasting of the plurality of digital two-dimensional image exposures on the base three-dimensional map creates a base three-dimensional
image exposure, which is displayed on a display device.  

General
Description    

Real-time
3D medical diagnostic imaging will be accomplished by scanning the patient, either partially or completely in a 360-degree circumference
under fluoroscopy (or other type of image exposure), utilizing a single or multiple x-ray source and image receptor. The information
acquired under fluoroscopy (or other type of image exposure) will be digitized at a frame rate of between 30 to 60 frames per
second. This information will be sent to a computer system to be incorporated into a three-dimensional image to be displayed on
a computer monitor. The image created can then be manipulated and/or rotated to view the scanned image of the patient s
anatomy in any direction or orientation desired by the user. The user could then choose a specific area of the image to update.
Once an area is selected, the computer displaying the image would then  gang  or align the x-ray source(s) and image
receptor(s) to begin updating scans of new images to be overlaid upon the existing three-dimensional model. This process would
then be updated and/or repeated as many times as necessary for the specific procedure to be completed. At any time, a new reference
area or scan could be selected or initiated.  

The
 O  Device    

Part
of our invention is based on an  O  device to create a circular gantry similar to that used with CT to scan a patient
a full 360 degrees with fluoroscopic radiation. This approach is expected to allow imaging of the patient from any frame of reference
or angulation (current medical imaging devices are limited to 150 degrees to 360 degrees with mechanical orientation or manipulation).
3D imaging requires an  O  device to scan the patient in increments of 360 degrees to allow construction of a three-dimensional
image. By scanning the patient in 360 degrees and acquiring images at 30 to 60 frames per second, management believes a three-dimensional
image can be constructed.  

Imaging3
Technology Differs from Other Approaches    

The
 O  device approach is similar to that used in a CT scan. The difference is CT is used to image a  slice 
of the anatomy and not intended for real-time fluoroscopic imaging. The slice is obtained by using a fulcrum reference point and
rotating the X-ray source and image receptor in reference to that point. This basic geometry creates a 2D image in any depth desired,
in any region of the body. The  O  device would use a similar fulcrum point to reference depth, but the scan would
not create a slice but instead a real-time image captured at 30 to 60 frames per second in 360 degrees. Further, management believes
that the  O  device would be used for conventional fluoroscopic imaging with the advantage of positioning the X-ray
source and receptor at any angulation desired.  

Currently,
3D imaging is used only for reconstructive post processing reference images. Magnetic resonance imaging ( MRI ), CT
and ultrasound currently have this capability. The 3D images are created by multiple scans of 2D images that require a long period
of time to process into a three-dimensional image. The image created is then used only for reference, not real-time manipulation
in the body. We anticipate that our 3D images will be constructed almost instantly and will be available to be used as real-time
references whenever multiple frames of reference are required to perform medical procedures on or in the human body.  

The
Market   

We
compete in the medical diagnostic imaging market and this market has never been healthier than it is today. This vitality is due
primarily to continual technological improvements that lead to faster and better resolution imaging, greater patient safety, and
the provision of these capabilities to a growing and aging population. The result has been a vigorous competition to create the
most cost-effective diagnostic imaging systems.  

Diagnostic
imaging is an evolving part of modern medicine and is now entering a new era of digital imaging. The field has evolved from the
early X-rays by Roentgen over 100 years ago to imaging of organs by CT and MRI that are 20 years old. Medical imaging is used
for diagnosis in the leading causes of death, heart attacks, strokes, and cancer. What was once called the radiology department
is now called the diagnostic imaging department because of the wealth of new technologies available beyond x-rays. A trauma victim s
internal injuries are imaged with a CT scanner. Breast cancer, a leading cause of death in women, is detected with mammography
and ultrasound.  

According
to a Freedonia Group study, the medical imaging equipment market in the United States will register gains faster than the projected
growth in national health expenditures. Growth is stimulated by an increasing incidence of patient procedures involving diagnostic
imaging, partly the result of an aging population and partly reflecting advances in noninvasive imaging technology.  

Our
management believes that opportunities exist not only for new companies in imaging products but also for software companies for
image processing and Picture Archiving and Communication Systems networks. Technological developments continue, which consistently
result in new products.  

Diagnostic
imaging is an important part of medical diagnosis. It ranges from a dentist s X-ray to find tooth decay to angiograms done
to aid a cardiologist in performing an angioplasty. The aging baby boomer population will need the new imaging capabilities for
cancer and heart disease detection. The revolution in medical imaging is being fueled not only by new medical imaging technology,
but also by advances in computer hardware and software. New systems such as spiral CT or multi-slice CT would not be possible
without today s faster processors. Better software algorithms for image analysis and compression make the process more accurate
and efficient. The growth of diagnostic imaging could be an important source of revenue for computer manufacturers and software
companies specializing in diagnostic imaging.  

Industry
Overview    

Diagnostic
imaging services are noninvasive procedures that generate representations of the internal anatomy and convert them to film or
digital media. Diagnostic imaging systems facilitate the early diagnosis of diseases and disorders, often minimizing the cost
and amount of care required and reducing the need for costly and invasive diagnostic procedures.  

Magnetic
Resonance Imaging    

MRI
involves the use of high-strength magnetic fields to produce computer-processed cross-sectional images of the body. Due to its
superior image quality, MRI is the preferred imaging technology for evaluating soft tissue and organs, including the brain, spinal
cord and other internal anatomy. With advances in MRI technology, MRI is increasingly being used for new applications such as
imaging of the heart, chest and abdomen. Conditions that can be detected by MRI include multiple sclerosis, tumors, strokes, infections,
and injuries to the spine, joints, ligaments, and tendons. Unlike x-rays and computed tomography, which are other diagnostic imaging
technologies, MRI does not expose patients to potentially harmful radiation.  

MRI
technology was first patented in 1974, and MRI systems first became commercially available in 1983. Since then, manufacturers
have offered increasingly sophisticated MRI systems and related software to increase the speed of each scan and improve image
quality. Magnet strengths are measured in tesla, and MRI systems typically use magnets with strengths ranging from 0.2 to 1.5
tesla. The 1.0 and 1.5 tesla strengths are generally considered optimal because they are strong enough to produce relatively fast
scans but are not so strong as to create discomfort for most patients. Manufacturers have worked to gradually enhance other components
of the machines to make them more versatile. Many of the hardware and software systems in recently manufactured machines are modular
and can be upgraded for much lower costs than purchasing new systems.  

The
MRI industry has experienced growth as a result of:  

Recognition
    of MRI as a cost-effective, noninvasive diagnostic tool.   

Superior
    soft-tissue image quality of MRI versus that of other diagnostic imaging technologies.   

Wider
    physician acceptance and availability of MRI technology.   

Growth
    in the number of MRI applications.   

MRI s
    safety when compared to other diagnostic imaging technologies, because it does not use potentially harmful radiation.   

Increased
    overall demand for healthcare services, including diagnostic services, for the aging population.   

Positron
Emission Tomography ( PET )    

PET
is a nuclear medicine procedure that produces pictures of the body s metabolic and biologic functions. PET can provide earlier
detection of certain cancers, coronary diseases or neurologic problems than other diagnostic imaging systems. It is also useful
for the monitoring of these conditions.  

Computed
Tomography    

In
CT imaging, a computer analyzes the information received from an x-ray beam to produce multiple cross-sectional images of a particular
organ or area of the body. CT imaging is used to detect tumors and other conditions affecting bones and internal organs.  

Other
Services    

Other
diagnostic imaging technologies include x-ray, single photon emission computed tomography, and ultrasound.  

Digital
Imaging Technologies    

New
techniques for the digital capture, display, storage, and transmission of x-ray images are poised to revolutionize the diagnostic
imaging market. Although digital technologies and techniques have been in use in other diagnostic imaging areas (such as CT scans,
MRI scans, and ultrasound), technical problems have kept x-ray technologies in the era of film. However, new methods of digitally
capturing x-ray images are under development and promise to revolutionize x-ray imaging.  

The
need to cut costs and improve services in healthcare delivery is driving the move to digital systems. The requirement for hospitals
to implement electronic access to medical images and other types of information is now widely accepted and regarded as inevitable.
The trend toward storing, distributing and viewing medical images in digital form is being fueled by both changes in the economic
structure of the healthcare system and by rapidly evolving technologies. In particular, the new economics of health care will
mandate a shift from film-based radiology to the electronic delivery of digital images, while new technology promises the additional
benefit of vastly improved diagnostic power.  

Users
of Diagnostic Imaging   

MRI
and other imaging services are typically provided in one of the following settings:  

Hospitals
and Clinics    

Imaging
systems are located in and owned and operated by a hospital or clinic. These systems are primarily used for the patients of the
hospital or clinic, and the hospital or clinic bills third-party payors, such as health insurers, Medicare or Medicaid.  

Independent
Imaging Centers    

Imaging
systems are located in permanent facilities not generally owned by hospitals or clinics. These centers depend upon physician referrals
for their patients and generally do not maintain dedicated, contractual relationships with hospitals or clinics. In fact, these
centers may compete with hospitals or clinics that have their own systems to provide Imaging3 to these patients. Like hospitals
and clinics, these centers bill third-party payors for their services.  

Outsourced    

Imaging
systems, largely located in mobile trailers but also provided in fixed facilities, provide services to a hospital or clinic on
a shared-service or full-time basis. Generally, the hospital or clinic contracts with the imaging service provider to perform
scans of its patients, and the imaging service provider is paid directly by that hospital or clinic instead of by a third-party
payor.  

Industry
Challenges   

In
a recent report,  U.S. Medical Imaging Industry Outlook , Frost   Sullivan identified several challenges facing the diagnostic
imaging industry. Low reimbursement rates have become a major challenge, not only for end users, but for manufacturers as well.
Imaging reimbursements for many procedures may be inadequate given the expense of the equipment and the expertise required to
create and interpret results.  

Lack
of adequate compensation is a concern for all industry participants, as many healthcare centers are delaying or canceling purchases
of high-priced items. Until the financial rewards for imaging are increased substantially, and definitively, low reimbursement
will be the foremost hurdle for manufacturers.  

Competition   

Competitive
Landscape    

The
healthcare industry in general and the market for imaging products in particular is highly competitive. We compete with a number
of companies, many of which have substantially greater financial, marketing, and other resources than we have. Our competitors
include large companies such as General Electric, Philips, Siemens, Toshiba and Hitachi, which compete in most medical diagnostic
imaging modalities, including x-ray imaging.  

A
study by Theta Reports,  Diagnostic Imaging Equipment and Systems World Market , identifies the following 17 key players
in the medical diagnostic imaging market:  

ADAC
    Laboratories   

Eastman
    Kodak Co.   

Fonar
    Corp.   

Fuji
    Medical Systems U.S.A., Inc.   

General
    Electric Medical Systems   

Hitachi
    Medical Systems America, Inc.   

Hologic,
    Inc.   

Imaging
    Diagnostic Systems, Inc.   

Imatron,
    Inc.   

Lumisys,
    Inc.   

Marconi
    Medical Systems   

Philips
    Medical Systems Nederland BV   

PhorMax
    Corp.   

Siemens
    Medical Engineering Group   

Sterling
    Diagnostic Imaging, Inc.   

Trex
    Medical Corp.   

Varian
    Medical Systems, Inc.   

Direct
Competitors    

At
this time, we are not aware of any existing devices in the marketplace that provide 3D, real-time, portable diagnostic medical
imaging, with the exception of ultrasound. Ultrasound is a real-time tomographic imaging modality. Not only does it produce real-time
tomograms of the position of reflecting surfaces (internal organs and structures), but it can also be used to produce real-time
images of tissue and blood motion. Ultrasound, however, is a low-resolution imaging modality that does not produce an image as
precise and clear as fluoroscopy. Our devices will rely instead on the use of fluoroscopy, a high-resolution imaging modality,
to produce  live  x-ray images of living patients in 3D.  

Marketing
and Sales Plan   

Marketing
Strategy    

Our
marketing strategy is to create a favorable environment to sell our medical diagnostic imaging devices. We intend to enhance,
promote and support the fact that Imaging3 technology is the most complete and comprehensive medical diagnostic imaging solution
available in the marketplace.  

Product
and Service Differentiation    

According
to our management, the differentiating attributes of Imaging3 technology include:  

The
    only 3D, real-time medical diagnostic imaging device in the market that will produce high resolution images;   

Reasonably
    priced;   

Easy-to-install;   

Vast
    array of features; and   

Highly
    reliable.   

We
believe the Imaging3 medical device will be reasonably priced because we plan to price it at a level considerably less than comparable
MRI and CT Scan machines. We believe it will be easy to install because it is lighter and will be more mobile than the MRI and
CT Scan machines. We believe it will have more features than MRI and CT Scan machines because it is designed to provide 3D instant
real time images and real time CT emulation, which the other machines currently do not provide. Management believes that the Imaging3
medical device will be more reliable than competing MRI and CT Scan machines because it needs less radiation to provide its 3D
images, and its assembled components are simpler, more efficient, and standard (i.e.  off-the-shelf ), rather than
customized.  

Value
Proposition    

Our
value proposition is simple: diagnostic imaging devices with Imaging3 technology allow healthcare providers to easily produce
3D, real-time, high resolution images at a reasonable cost.  

Positioning    

Management
believes that Imaging3 can be positioned as offering the superior solution for producing medical diagnostic images. Management
believes that our unique advantage is that we can offer a diagnostic imaging solution that will allow healthcare providers to
view real-time references for virtually any procedure. We plan to reposition our competitors by demonstrating that their offerings
are inadequate compared to our device because they:  

Do
    not provide 3D images;   

Do
    not provide images in real-time;   

Do
    not provide comparable high resolution images; and   

Are
    too costly.   

Sales
Strategy    

After
undertaking a marketing campaign, we intend to aggressively sell our medical diagnostic imaging devices in the United States.
International sales efforts will follow after achieving market penetration in the domestic marketplace.  

Sales
Margin Structure    

Our
management believes that the majority of our sales will be derived from direct sales to customers, with the balance of sales derived
from dealers and manufacturer s representatives. As a result, the sales margin structure must be attractive to these independent
organizations.  

Direct
    Sales - Full suggested list price;   

Dealers
    - 30% off suggested list price; and   

Manufacturer s
    Representatives - 10% commission.   

Target
Market Segment    

Our
management has identified general medical and surgical hospitals in the United States as our primary target market segment for
Imaging3 technology.  

Distribution
Channels    

We
plan to sell our Imaging3 medical diagnostic imaging devices through several channels of distribution, including:  

Direct
Sales to End Users    

Our
policy is to sell directly to end-users whenever possible. Our management expects that direct sales will occur most often with
larger customers.  

Dealers
and Manufacturers  Representatives    

We
plan to supplement our own field sales force by entering into agreements with dealers and manufacturers  representatives.
Because dealers and manufacturers  representatives carry several product/service lines that are compatible with our products
and services, Imaging3 plans to select dealers and manufacturers  representatives carrying complementary and compatible
products and services, as well as dealers and manufacturers  representatives that sell dissimilar products and services
yet are appropriate for their customers  customer.  

We
have working relationships with a number of independent organizations that help distribute our current product line. We expect
to work with these independent organizations to help distribute diagnostic medical imaging devices built with Imaging3 technology.
These organizations have well-established relationships with mid-size to large size customers. Many also provide specific vertical
market applications.  

Executive
Sales    

Because
many of Imaging3 s large customers will tend to be top healthcare managers, it is important that our president and senior
managers present our products to our large customers.  

Field
Sales Force    

Management
anticipates that the majority of our selling efforts to large accounts will be handled internally through our field sales force.
We have chosen to use a direct sales force because our large accounts require considerable customer education and post-sales support
directly from us. Management believes that our price points, pricing structure and profits are such that our cost of sales warrants
a  person-to-person  selling strategy.  

Employees   

As
of December 31, 2012, we employed ten (10) full-time individuals, all of whom were working at our leased offices at 3200 W. Valhalla
Drive, Burbank, California 91505. Of those ten (10) full-time employees, seven (7) full-time employees were employed in administrative,
marketing, and sales positions, and the remaining three (3) were technical employees employed in research, development, and production
positions.  

To
support our need for technical staffing, we have established relationships with technical staffing organizations that continuously
offer highly qualified personnel to meet our needs, both locally and from out of the area.  

Intellectual
Property Matters   

Our
policy is to have all of our employees execute agreements that impose nondisclosure obligations on the employee and in which the
employee has assigned to us (to the extent permitted by California law) all copyrights and other inventions created by the employee
during employment with us. The rights underlying the application for the patent of the Imaging3 technology have been assigned
to us. We have in place a trade secret protection policy that our management believes to be adequate to protect our intellectual
property and trade secrets.  

Government
Regulatory Approval Process    

In
2012 we believed that our products would be classified as Class II (Medium Risk) devices by the FDA. Accordingly, clinical studies
with our products would be considered to be Non-Significant Risk Studies, except that our 501(k) application with the FDA for
our proprietary medical imaging device has not yet been approved as a Class II device. Imaging3 s business is governed by
the FDA and all products typically require 510(k) market clearance before they can be put in commercial distribution. We are also
regulated by the FDA s Quality Systems Regulation, which is similar to the ISO9000 and the European EN46000 quality control
regulations. All of our products currently in production or manufactured by other vendors are approved for marketing in the United
States under the FDA s 510(k) regulations.  

A
510(k) is a pre-marketing submission made to the FDA to demonstrate that the device to be marketed is as safe and effective, that
is, substantially equivalent, to a legally marketed device that is not subject to pre-market approval. Applicants must compare
their 510(k) device to one or more similar devices currently on the U.S. market and make and support their substantial equivalency
claims. A legally marketed device is a device that was legally marketed prior to May 28, 1976 (pre-amendments device), or a device
which has been reclassified from Class III to Class II or I, a device which has been found to be substantially equivalent to such
a device through the 510(k) process, or one established through Evaluation of Automatic Class III Definition. The legally marketed
device(s) to which equivalence is drawn is known as the  predicate  device(s).  

Applicants
must submit descriptive data and when necessary, performance data to establish that their device is substantially equivalent to
a predicate device. The data in a 510(k) is to show comparability, that is, substantially equivalent of a new device to a predicate
device.  

The
FDA does not offer an opinion or determination of what submission is required. The FDA does provide a database of devices, classifications
and Regulation numbers. In our research of this database we determined several Class II devices meet our criteria for submission.
These devices are listed in the table below.  

This
is a broad range of devices with which to compare our device functionality. The FDA requires the manufacturer to submit an application,
whether it is a 510(k) or pre-market approval submission. Upon receipt of the submission, the FDA will respond within 30 to 45
days with their determination of acceptance of the submission, questions and/or comments to the submission or requests for more
information.  

All
of our current used rebuilt products are Class II devices, FDA approved through OEM for marketing. Once approved, the FDA will
not require the manufacturer to resubmit an application or change the classification. They may, however, request further information
about the product(s), manufacturer and GMP requirements. The devices currently sold by us are not manufactured by us. OEC Medical
Systems is the original device manufacturer and responsible for the FDA submission of their original device(s). Imaging3 remanufactures
OEC Medical Systems devices, thus we are not required to submit any FDA submission for these devices. In some instances, we have
performed modifications to these devices to improve the devices functionality, and in these instances Imaging3 has submitted 510(k)
applications. These modifications are to existing devices with existing classifications listed in the FDA database and cannot
be reclassified. The FDA database listing for current products is listed below:  

As
to our new product and its potential for classification, the FDA requires us, as the manufacturer, to submit an application in
whichever classification we choose in the submission form we choose, meaning 510(k) or pre-market approval application. The FDA
reviews the submission and determines whether the application is appropriately filed and in the correct submission format. The
criteria they use for determination on a 510(k) is substantially equivalent, which is a comparative analysis of the manufacturer s
device in the submission with existing devices already approved by the FDA. This is the purpose of the FDA s Device Classification
Database, giving manufacturer s products with approved submissions and categories of devices to compare new device submissions.
A new type of device may not be found in the product classification database. If the device is a high risk device (supports or
sustains human life, is of substantial importance in preventing impairment of human health, or presents a potential, unreasonable
risk of illness or injury) and has been found to be not substantially equivalent to a Class I, II, or III (Class III requiring
510(k)), then a pre-market approval application will be required.  

If
the FDA determines the new device must be classified as a Class III device, the FDA may still allow the device submission to be
a 510(k) submission. Class III devices, which are equivalent to devices legally marketed before May 28, 1976 may be marketed through
the pre-market notification (510(k)) process until the FDA has published a requirement for manufacturers of that generic type
of device to submit pre-market approval data.  

Class
III devices are usually those that support or sustain human life, are of substantial importance in preventing impairment of human
health, or which present a potential, unreasonable risk of illness or injury. Examples of Class III devices which require a pre-market
approval include replacement heart valves, silicone gel-filled breast implants, and implanted cerebella stimulators.  

Our
new product, the  Real-time 3D Imaging Device  is expected to be submitted as Product Code  IZG,  Device
Class II,  System, X-ray, Photofluorographic,  Regulation Number 892.1730, since this is the closest device description.
The FDA may at its own choosing and determination wish to reclassify this device as a Class III, which we believe is unlikely,
since the majority of our device functions are similar to existing products currently being marketed and as classified above.  

If
the FDA determines to classify this device as a Class III device, then a pre-market approval application must be filed. The pre-market
approval application is the most stringent type of device marketing application required by the FDA. The applicant must receive
FDA approval of its pre-market approval application prior to marketing the device. Pre-market approval is based on a determination
by the FDA that the pre-market approval contains sufficient valid scientific evidence to assure that the device is safe and effective
for its intended use(s). An approved pre-market approval application is, in effect, a private license granting the applicant (or
owner) permission to market the device. The pre-market approval owner, however, can authorize use of its data by another.  

The
pre-market approval applicant is usually the person who owns the rights, or otherwise has authorized access, to the data and other
information to be submitted in support of FDA approval. This person may be an individual, partnership, corporation, association,
scientific or academic establishment, government agency or organizational unit, or other legal entity. The applicant is often
the inventor/developer and ultimately the manufacturer.  

FDA
regulations provide 180 days to review the pre-market approval application and make a determination. In reality, the review time
is normally longer. Before approving or denying a pre-market approval application, the appropriate FDA advisory committee may
review the pre-market approval application at a public meeting and provide the FDA with the committee s recommendation on
whether or not the FDA should approve the submission. After the FDA notifies the applicant that the pre-market approval application
has been approved or denied, a notice is published on the Internet (1) announcing the data on which the decision is based, and
(2) providing interested persons an opportunity to petition the FDA within 30 days for reconsideration of the decision.  

A
pre-market approval application is a scientific, regulatory documentation to the FDA to demonstrate the safety and effectiveness
of the Class III device. There are administrative elements of a pre-market approval application, but good science and scientific
writing is a key to the approval of a pre-market approval application. If a pre-market approval application lacks elements listed
in the administrative checklist, the FDA will refuse to accept a pre-market approval application and will not proceed with the
in-depth review of scientific and clinical data. If a pre-market approval application lacks valid clinical information and scientific
analysis based on sound scientific reasoning, it will delay the FDA s review and approval. Pre-market approval applications
that are incomplete, inaccurate, inconsistent, omit critical information, and are poorly organized have resulted in delays in
consideration.  

Three
categories of the pre-market approval application are very important:  

Technical
Sections . The technical sections containing data and information should allow the FDA to determine whether to approve or disapprove
the application. These sections are usually divided into non-clinical laboratory studies and clinical investigations.  

Non-clinical
Laboratory Studies  Section . The non-clinical laboratory studies  section includes information on microbiology,
toxicology, immunology, biocompatibility, stress, wear, shelf life, and other laboratory or animal tests. Non-clinical studies
for safety evaluation must be conducted in compliance with 21CFR Part 58 (Good Laboratory Practice for Nonclinical Laboratory
Studies).  

Clinical
Investigations Section . The clinical investigations section includes study protocols, safety and effectiveness data, adverse
reactions and complications, device failures and replacements, patient information, patient complaints, tabulations of data from
all individual subjects, results of statistical analyses, and any other information from the clinical investigations. Any investigation
conducted under an Investigational Device Exemption must be identified as such.  

We
are listed with the FDA as a new device manufacturer, our Registration Number is 20300565, and our Owner Operator Number is 9023393.
Though we do not currently manufacture new devices, the FDA requires our registration as a remanufacturer. Imaging3 is subject
to the FDA s Radiological Health Program, under the Center for Devices Radiological Health division of the FDA.  

We
must be in compliance with Good Manufactures Practices ( GMP ), Quality Control, and Medical Device Reporting ( MDR ).
The FDA may from time to time, usually every two to three years, audit us for compliance. In these audits the FDA reviews documents,
interviews management and reviews all procedures.  

The
current GMP requirements set forth in the Quality System ( QS ) regulation are promulgated under Section 520 of the
Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic ( FFD C ) Act. They require that domestic or foreign manufacturers have a quality
system for the design, manufacture, packaging, labeling, storage, installation, and servicing of finished medical devices intended
for commercial distribution in the United States. The regulation requires that various specifications and controls be established
for devices; that devices be designed under a quality system to meet these specifications; that devices be manufactured under
a quality system; that finished devices meet these specifications; that devices be correctly installed, checked and serviced;
that quality data be analyzed to identify and correct quality problems; and that complaints be processed. Thus, the QS regulation
helps assure that medical devices are safe and effective for their intended use. The FDA monitors device problem data and inspects
the operations and records of device developers and manufacturers to determine compliance with the GMP requirements in the QS
regulation.  

The
MDR regulation provides a mechanism for the FDA and manufacturers to identify and monitor significant adverse events involving
medical devices. The goals of the regulation are to detect and correct problems in a timely manner. Although the requirements
of the regulation can be enforced through legal sanctions authorized by the FFD C Act, the FDA relies on the goodwill and
cooperation of all affected groups to accomplish the objectives of the regulation.  

The
statutory authority for the MDR regulation is Section 519(a) of the FFD C Act as amended by the Safe Medical Devices Act of
1990. The Safe Medical Devices Act of 1990 requires user facilities to report:  

Device-related
    deaths to the FDA and the device manufacturer;   

Device-related
    serious injuries to the manufacturer, or to the FDA if the manufacturer is not known; and   

Submit
    to the FDA on an annual basis a summary of all reports submitted during that period.   

When
a problem arises with a product regulated by the FDA, the agency can take a number of actions to protect the public health. Initially,
the agency works with the manufacturer to correct the problem voluntarily. If that fails, legal remedies include asking the manufacturer
to recall a product, having federal marshals seize products if a voluntary recall is not done, and detaining imports at the port
of entry until problems are corrected. If warranted, the FDA can ask the courts to issue injunctions or prosecute those that deliberately
violate the law. When warranted, criminal penalties including prison sentences are sought.  

Once
on the market, there are post-market surveillance controls with which a manufacturer must comply. These requirements include the
Quality Systems (also known as Good Manufacturing Practices), and Medical Device Reporting regulations. The QS regulation is a
quality assurance requirement that covers the design, packaging, labeling and manufacturing of a medical device. The MDR regulation
is an adverse event reporting program.  

We
are also required to report under the MDR requirements, which are for injuries and deaths, of which we have had none since our
registration.  

For
all devices manufactured or remanufactured by us, the FDA may request updated information regarding any device with a previously
approved 510(k) or pre-market approval submission. If any substantial changes are made to existing approved devices, the FDA may
require a 510(k) supplement submission, which, in most cases, does not require the manufacturer to delay production or marketing
of the modified device. As with all applications, this determination lies entirely with the FDA.  

Our
last audit with the FDA was in 2010 and we expect a new audit to take place shortly after our new device is resubmitted to the
FDA in a 510(k) application.  

In
an audit performed by the FDA, our records for service and repair, quality control, device labeling and serial number tracking
are reviewed. If the FDA finds issues of non-compliance they issue a letter requesting correction, giving us 30 days to correct
the non-compliance. Extensions can be requested to reply, but most issues, if any, can be handled in a 30-day period.  

Since
our registration with the FDA in 1995, we have had two audits. We did not receive any notice or correspondence of non-compliance
due to those audits. We received only one suggestion regarding our record keeping process, which addressed preventive maintenance
forms being included in all customer files for which we provide service.  

We
are also licensed with the State of California as a Device Manufacturer, license number 63620. Both require annual renewal registration
updates, listing any new products being manufactured or marketed. The State of California currently follows the FDA standards
and requirements.  

We
have had no instances of non-compliance with either the FDA or the State of California. The consequences of non-compliance range
from a letter stating non-compliance and a period to cure, suspension of manufacturing and distribution, to fines and suspension
of operations.  

We
intend to seek to obtain FDA approval of our proprietary medical imaging device in 2016, although we cannot assure that this approval
will be granted when expected. All of our marketing efforts for the new device must start from the date the FDA approves the device
to be marketed. Since we are already registered with the FDA as a new device manufacturer and have been through an audit performed
by the FDA, the FDA is already familiar with us and our processes. The FDA may wish to obtain updated information about us and
may require more time to process our planned 510(k) resubmission than estimated.  

To
enter the European market, our products as well as our quality assurance systems will have to be approved and certified by an
authorized certifying body such as Technischer Uberwachungsverein; English translation: Technical Inspection Association ( TUV ),
Underwriters Laboratories ( UL ) or British Standards Institute ( BSI ). In the future, we may plan to
go through this process as a part of our overall enhancement of the quality systems.  

TUV,
UL and BSI are all standards testing companies assisting manufactures to comply with published standards, regulatory standards
and laws necessary for marketing devices throughout the world and the United States. These three companies provide the UL and
CE (the European equivalent of the UL mark in the United States) marks, demonstrating compliance with the standards and laws.  

TUV
is a Nationally Recognized Testing Laboratory and Safety Checklist Contractors certified, providing a full suite of services,
including CE Marking assistance, electromagnetic compatibility, electrical   mechanical testing, and many additional global
conformity assessment services that help companies gain product compliance to enter individual country markets.  

UL
is an independent, not-for-profit product-safety testing and certification organization. They have tested products for public
safety for more than a century. Since their founding in 1894, they have held the undisputed reputation as a leader in product-
safety testing and certification within the United States. Management believes that by building on their household name in the
United States, UL is becoming one of the most recognized, reputable conformity assessment providers in the world. Today, their
services extend to helping companies achieve global acceptance, whether for an electrical device, a programmable system, or an
organization s quality process.  

BSI
exists to help industry develop new and better products and to make sure that products meet current and future laws and regulations.
It tests products from medical devices to fire extinguishers to lamps for football stadiums against published standards.  

Far
East, Middle East, Eastern European, and Latin American markets have different regulatory requirements. We intend to comply with
applicable requirements if and when we decide to enter those markets.  

Status
of Bankruptcy Proceedings   

On
September 13, 2012, the Company commenced a bankruptcy case by filing a voluntary Chapter 11 petition under the United States
Bankruptcy Code ( Bankruptcy Code ). The Chapter 11 Plan (the  Plan ) adopted by Imaging3, Inc. on July
31, 2013 is a reorganizing plan. Payments under the Plan are made by utilizing existing cash on hand, borrowings on a secured
and unsecured basis, future revenues for claims that are paid in cash, and by conversion of debt to equity. The effective date
of the Plan was July 31, 2013 (the  Effective Date ).  

Administrative
expenses are claims for costs or expenses of administering the Company s Chapter 11 case. The Bankruptcy Code requires that
all administrative claims be paid on the Effective Date of the Plan, unless a particular claimant agrees to a different treatment.
The Company paid approximately $463,146 on the Effective Date for administrative expenses. Priority tax claims are certain unsecured
income, employment and other taxes. The Company is paying approximately $71,974 of priority tax claims to the IRS, Los Angeles
County, California State Board of Equalization and City of Los Angeles in monthly installments, plus interest, through September
2017. Secured claims are claims secured by liens on the Company s property. The Company has agreed to pay approximately
$105,525 in cash installments, $60,247 of which are over 36 months and $45,278 of which is a one-time payment due in September
2015, for certain secured claims. The Company issued approximately 56,439,176 shares of new common stock to pay approximately
$1,073,033 of outstanding debt owed to Gemini Master Fund, LLC, Alpha Partners, LLC and Brio Capital, LLC, whereupon their liens
on Company assets were released. In addition, the Company issued approximately 18,148,696 new warrants to purchase common stock
to Gemini and Alpha, exercisable for a period of five years from the Effective Date at $0.01 per share. The Company issued approximately
15,536,859 additional shares of new common stock to pay approximately $298,142 of additional secured claims. An additional 58,823,965
shares of new common stock are authorized to be issued by the Company to raise up to $1,000,000 of financing for the Company before
and after the Effective Date; which may be in the form of collateralized debt.  

General
unsecured claims are unsecured claims not entitled to priority. The Company paid approximately $1,936,402 of unsecured claims
by issuing 21,513,051 shares of its new common stock pro rata among the holders of such debt. An unsecured claim for $359,938
owed to Dean Janes, the former Chief Executive Officer of the Company, was paid in full by issuance of 3,986,949 shares of new
common stock to him on the Effective Date. The Company s stockholders were issued 8,500,000 shares of new common stock in
the Company, and all of their old common stock was cancelled. All old outstanding preferred stock was also cancelled. All options
to acquire old common stock and warrants to purchase securities of the Company s outstanding old common stock immediately
prior to the Effective Date were cancelled and extinguished on the Effective Date.  

On
the Effective Date, the Plan provided for the Company to adopt a new equity incentive plan authorizing the award of up to 15%
of the shares of new common stock outstanding from time to time, to the Company s employees, officers, directors and consultants
in the form of stock option grants or restricted stock grants or stock awards, as determined by the Company s board of directors.
The Company has not yet adopted the Plan.  

Other
Government Regulations   

The
delivery of health care services has become one of the most highly regulated of professional and business endeavors in the United
States. Both the federal government and individual state governments are responsible for overseeing the activities of individuals
and businesses engaged in the delivery of health care services. Federal law and regulations are based primarily upon the Medicare
and Medicaid programs. Each of these programs is financed, at least in part, with federal funds. State jurisdiction is based upon
the state s interest in regulating the quality of health care in the state, regardless of the source of payment. We believe
that we are materially complying with applicable laws, however, we have not received or applied for a legal opinion from counsel
or from any federal or state judicial or regulatory authority. Additionally, many aspects of our business have not been the subject
of state or federal regulatory interpretation. The laws applicable to us are subject to evolving interpretations. If our operations
are reviewed by a government authority, we may receive a determination that could be adverse to us. Furthermore, laws that are
applicable to us may be amended in a manner that could adversely affect us.  

Only
a small portion of our revenues come through a government system. Virtually all of our revenues are obtained from sales and service
to vendees who pay us directly. We have not been subject to Medicare, Medicaid, or any other federally funded health care program.  

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS   

Purchasing
shares of common stock in Imaging3 entails substantial risk. You should be able to bear a complete loss of your investment. You
should carefully consider the following factors, among others.  

Forward-Looking
Statements   

The
discussions and information in our public reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission (collectively, the  Reports ),
including the documents incorporated by reference may contain both historical and forward-looking statements. To the extent that
the Reports contain forward-looking statements regarding the financial condition, operating results, our business prospects or
any other aspect of our business, please be advised that our actual financial condition, operating results and business performance
may differ materially from that projected or estimated by management in forward-looking statements. We have attempted to identify,
in context, certain of the factors that management currently believes may cause actual future experience and results to differ
from our current expectations. The differences may be caused by a variety of factors, including but not limited to adverse economic
conditions, decrease in demand for medical imaging and other equipment, intense competition, including entry of new competitors,
increased or adverse federal, state and local government regulation, failure by us to obtain the approval of the FDA for our proprietary
3D medical imaging device currently in the prototype phase, inadequate capital, unexpected costs, lower revenues and net income
than forecast, failure to complete the development of our proprietary products currently under development, technological obsolescence
of our products, failure to commercialize or sell any new or existing products developed by us, price increases for supplies,
inability to raise prices, failure to obtain customers, the risk of litigation and administrative proceedings involving us and
our employees, higher than anticipated labor costs, the possible fluctuation and volatility of operating results and financial
condition, failure to make planned business acquisitions, failure of new businesses, if acquired, to be economically successful,
decline in our stock price, dilution of ownership in us due to the issuance of additional securities by us or the conversion or
exercise of outstanding convertible and other securities, adverse publicity and news coverage, inability to carry out marketing
and sales plans, loss of key executives, changes in interest rates, inflationary factors, and other specific risks that may be
alluded to in Reports filed by us.  

Due
to the restructuring process under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code, our future operations are uncertain and are
affected by a number of risks and uncertainties over which we have little or no control.   We are subject to a number of
risks and uncertainties associated with the filing of voluntary petitions for relief under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code,
which may lead to potential adverse effects on our liquidity, results of operations, brand and/or business prospects. We cannot
assure you of the outcome and repercussions of our Chapter 11 proceedings. Risks associated with the Chapter 11 proceedings may
adversely impact our business, and include an adverse impact on the following:  

Our
    ability to continue as a going concern;   

Our
    ability to obtain Bankruptcy Court approval with respect to motions in the Chapter 11 proceedings and the outcomes of Bankruptcy
    Court rulings of the proceedings in general;   

The
    length of time we will operate under the Chapter 11 proceedings and our ability to successfully emerge;   

Our
    ability to develop, consummate and implement one or more plans of reorganization with respect to the Chapter 11 proceedings;   

Our
    ability to obtain Bankruptcy Court and creditor approval of their plan of reorganization and the impact of alternative proposals,
    views and objections of creditor committees and other stakeholders, which may make it difficult to develop and consummate
    a plan of reorganization in a timely manner;   

Risks
    associated with third party motions in the Chapter 11 proceedings, which may interfere with our plan of reorganization;   

The
    ability to maintain sufficient liquidity throughout the Chapter 11 proceedings;   

Our
    ability to secure sufficient financing to support our reorganization and emergence from bankruptcy;   

Increased
    costs related to the bankruptcy filing and other litigation;   

Our
    ability to manage contracts that are critical to operations, to obtain and maintain appropriate terms with customers, suppliers
    and service providers;   

The
    ability to fairly resolve legacy liabilities in alignment with our plan of reorganization;   

The
    outcome of all pre-petition claims against us; and   

Our
    ability to maintain existing customers, vendor relationships and expand sales to new customers.   

We
have incurred substantial operating deficits since inception and may continue to incur losses in the future  . To date,
our revenue from component and equipment sales has not been adequate to cover research and development costs for proprietary products
under development, marketing costs, operating and overhead costs, and substantial costs incurred in ongoing litigation. Revenue
from our old business model of selling nonproprietary medical equipment and components has declined in recent fiscal quarters,
and no sales of our proprietary 3D medical imaging product currently under development have yet been made, since it is still in
the prototype phase and has not been approved by the FDA for sale or use. We do not have sufficient cash flow from our current
operations to enable us to maintain or grow our business. We must raise additional capital in the future to continue to operate
our businesses. Failure to secure adequate capital will hinder our growth and may jeopardize us as a going concern.  

If
we do not generate significant additional revenue we will continue to receive a going concern qualification in our audit  .
Our financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis of accounting, which contemplates continuity of operations,
realization of assets and liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business. The financial statements do not reflect
any adjustments that might result if we are unable to continue as a going concern. We do not generate sufficient revenue and have
negative cash flow from operations, which raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our ability
to continue as a going concern and appropriateness of using the going concern basis is dependent upon, among other things, an
additional cash infusion. We are actively seeking new investors.  

We
have not completed the development of our proprietary 3D medical imaging technology  . Research and development projects
are inherently speculative and subject to cost overruns. We cannot assure that we will be able to complete the development of
our real time 3D diagnostic medical imaging technology, that it will be approved by the FDA for sale and use, or that, once developed,
our diagnostic medical imaging devices can be sold profitably. We may not develop any new products or services for sale from our
research and development efforts.  

If
we are required by the Food and Drug Administration to conduct clinical trials for our 3D medical imaging technology and device,
the additional cost and time incurred before we receive approval from the Food and Drug Administration for the commercial sale
and use of our device could be substantial and adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results  .
On October 28, 2010, we received a letter from the Food and Drug Administration responding to our 501(k) application for clearance
of our 3D medical imaging technology and device. In our application to the Food and Drug Administration we stated that our medical
device is substantially equivalent to devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976 and therefore should be approved
for commercial sale and use as a Class II device, without the necessity for clinical trials. The Food and Drug Administration
responded by rejecting our position that our medical device is substantially equivalent to such prior devices, citing several
deficiencies in our submission. We plan to re-file our application to the Food and Drug Administration in the near future to again
seek Class II approval, in which we will endeavor to address the deficiencies. We have engaged special outside professional counsel
to assist us with the preparation and submission of our next filing with the Food and Drug Administration. While we disagree with
the Food and Drug Administration s position and we plan to re-file our application with additional information supporting
our application for clearance, we cannot assure that such approval will be obtained or that we may not ultimately be required
to file our application under Class III where clinical trials would be required, significantly delaying or preventing our device
from being approved for commercial sale and use.  

Our
business may be adversely affected by competition  . The diagnostic medical imaging industry is characterized by intense
competition. We are subject to competition from other firms, many of which have greater financial resources, more recognition,
more management experience, and longer operating histories than we have. We cannot assure that we will be able to compete successfully
or profitably in the diagnostic medical imaging business.  

We
may not achieve the revenue predicted by us in our business model  . We plan to implement a business model that calls for
us to sell medical diagnostic imaging devices, based on our proprietary technology. We will incur substantial operating losses
until such time as we are able to generate revenues from the sale of these products. We cannot assure that businesses and customers
will adopt our products and technology in the volume that we project, or that businesses and prospective customers will agree
to pay the prices that we propose to charge. In the event our customers resist paying prices at the rate we propose, our financial
conditions and results of operations will be materially and adversely affected.  

If
products utilizing our medical diagnostic imaging technology are determined to be unsafe, our business will be adversely affected  .
As medical diagnostic imaging has become an ever-more important and prominent part of everyday life, dramatic growth in the use
of medical diagnostic imaging devices has given rise to occasional questions about safety. In the event that our products are
deemed unsafe, we could face substantial liability and our financial conditions and results of operations will be materially and
adversely affected.  

Our
failure to achieve brand recognition could have an adverse affect on our business  . We believe that establishing and maintaining
brand recognition for our medical diagnostic imaging technology will be a critical aspect of our efforts to attract and expand
our customer base. Promotion and enhancement of the Imaging3 brand will depend largely on our success in providing high quality
products and services. In order to attract and retain customers and to promote the Imaging3 brand in response to competitive pressures,
we may find it necessary to increase substantially our financial commitment to creating and maintaining the Imaging3 brand. We
cannot assure that we will obtain brand recognition for Imaging3. Our failure to provide high quality products and services or
to obtain and maintain brand recognition could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial
condition.  

We
must adapt quickly to changes in technology  . Medical diagnostic imaging is a rapidly evolving technology. We must keep
abreast of this technological evolution. To do so, we must continually improve the performance, features and reliability of our
medical imaging equipment and related products. If we fail to maintain a competitive level of technological expertise, then we
will not be able to compete in our market.  

Our
inability to respond timely to technological advances could have an adverse affect on our business  . We must be able to
respond to technological advances and emerging industry standards and practices on a cost-effective and timely basis. We can offer
no assurance that we will be able to successfully use new technologies effectively or adapt our products in a timely manner to
a competitive standard. If we are unable to adapt in a timely manner to changing technology, market conditions or customer requirements,
then we may not be able to successfully compete in our market.  

We
may not be able to repay our indebtedness  . We have substantial indebtedness to related parties and to unaffiliated third
parties, as disclosed in more detail in our reports, financial statements and notes to financial statements filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission. The indebtedness includes outstanding indebtedness owed by us to our chief executive officer, payable
on demand. We cannot assure that we will be able to repay all or any of our indebtedness, or that the indebtedness does not and
will not continue to have a material adverse impact on our financial condition, operating results and business performance, including
but not limited to our ability to continue as a going concern.  

We
cannot assure that we will achieve profitability  . We cannot assure that we will be able operate profitability in the future.
Profitability, if any, will depend in part upon our ability to successfully develop, obtain FDA approval, and market our proprietary
medical diagnostic imaging technology, and other products and services. We may not be able to successfully transition from our
current stage of business to a stabilized operation having sufficient revenues to cover expenses. While attempting to make this
transition, we will be subject to all the risks inherent in a small business, including the needs to adequately service and expand
our customer base and to maintain and enhance our current services. Our future profitability will be affected by all the risk
factors described herein.  

We
are exposed to various possible claims relating to our business and our insurance may not fully protect us.   We cannot
assure that we will not incur uninsured liabilities and losses as a result of the conduct of our business. We generally do not
maintain theft or casualty insurance and has modest liability and property insurance coverage, along with workmen s compensation
and related insurance. However, should uninsured losses occur, our shareholders could lose their invested capital.  

We
may face additional litigation in the future  . We have had a substantial amount of litigation. The adverse resolution of
such litigation to us could impair our ability to continue in business if judgment holders were to seek to liquidate our business
through levy and execution. We have incurred and may continue to incur substantial legal fees and costs in connection with past
and possibly future litigation. If we fail in our payment schedule, or fail in our defense to future pending actions, or become
subject to a levy and execution on our assets and business, we could be forced to liquidate or to file for bankruptcy and be unable
to continue in our business. Investors who purchase shares of our common stock will be subject to the risk of total loss if the
risks described herein are realized, because there may be insufficient assets with which to pay our debts, which would leave shareholders
with no recovery.  

The
loss of the services of any or our management or key executives could adversely affect our business  . Our success is substantially
dependent on the performance of our executive officers and key employees. The loss of an officer or director of Imaging3 could
have a material adverse impact on us. We are generally dependent upon our executive officers, Dean Janes and Xavier Aguilera,
for the direction, management and daily supervision of our operations.  

Our
ability to protect our intellectual property is uncertain  . We have applied to the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office to
register  Imaging3  as a service mark and as a trademark. There are no assurances that these applications will be
approved and the registrations granted or that any other person will not challenge the registration or attempt to infringe upon
our marks. If we are unable to protect our rights to our trademarks or if such marks infringe on the rights of others, our business
would be materially adversely affected.  

We
may not be able to withstand fluctuations in our industry because our business is not diverse  . Because of the limited
financial resources that we have, it is unlikely that we will be able to diversify our operations. Our probable inability to diversify
our activities into more than one area will subject us to economic fluctuations within a particular business or industry and therefore
increase the risks associated with our operations.  

Our
medical diagnostic imaging devices are subject to government regulation  . Under the Medical Device Amendments of 1976 to
the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, all medical devices are classified by the Food and Drug Administration into one of three
classes. A Class I device is subject only to certain controls, such as labeling requirements and manufacturing practices; a Class
II device must comply with certain performance standards established by the FDA; and a Class III device must obtain pre-market
approval from the FDA prior to commercial marketing. We must receive Class II approval to market our real time 3D medical diagnostic
imaging devices. We cannot be certain when, if ever, we will receive this approval. In the absence of FDA approval, we will not
be able to market or sell our proprietary diagnostic medical imaging device, resulting in a material adverse impact to our potential
operating results and financial condition. Other laws and regulations may be adopted in the future that address the manufacture,
sale and use of medical diagnostic imaging devices that could adversely affect our business.  

Our
business is generally subject to government regulation  . We are subject to regulations applicable to businesses generally.
The adoption of any additional laws or regulations may decrease the growth of our business, decrease the demand for services and
increase our cost of doing business. Changes in tax laws also could have a significant adverse effect on our operating results
and financial condition.  

Our
stock does not currently trade, but if trading resumes, our stock price could be volatile, as it was in the past, and could decline
again  . Trading in our stock was suspended in 2012 after we filed for bankruptcy, and has not yet resumed. We may still
be delinquent in filing our reports currently with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). We have asked the
Office of the Chief Accountant of the SEC for an accommodation and waiver to relieve us of having to file our Annual Report on
Form 10-K for our fiscal year ending on December 31, 2012. There is no assurance that our stock will resume trading on the OTC
or any other public securities trading market, that the SEC will grant our waiver request, or that we will cure our reporting
delinquencies. Our stock price has been volatile. The stock market in general has been extremely vulnerable and management cannot
promise that the price of our common stock will not decline. Shares issued under the Chapter 11 Reorganization Plan are free trading.
We may register more shares of our stock in the future, free trading shares of our common stock may be issued upon the conversion
or exercise of outstanding securities or pursuant to court approved settlements, or restrictive transfer legends on outstanding
securities may be removed pursuant to Rule 144 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, potentially increasing the supply of
free trading shares and possibly exerting downward pressure on our stock price.  

We
recently settled a lawsuit on terms that will cause the substantial dilution of our outstanding common stock, and we may in the
future be subject to other litigation  . On November 29, 2011, we were served with a Motion to Compel Arbitration by Cranshire
Capital, LLC (the  Plaintiff  or  Cranshire ), one of two Warrant holders with whom we completed a private
placement for the sale of common stock and warrants for $1,000,000 in October 2010. The Plaintiff alleged that it and Freestone
Advantage Partners, L.P. are the holders of Series A Warrants, Series B Warrants and Series C Warrants (collectively, the  Warrants )
and that our entry into a transaction in October 2011 had the effect of triggering the anti-dilution provision in the Warrants.
They alleged that the effect of the application of the anti-dilution provisions was to substantially lower the exercise price
of the Warrants and increase the number of them. We believe that we had meritorious defenses to the Plaintiff s claims.
Nevertheless, the parties have agreed to settle the claims. Accordingly, on or about March 28, 2012, we entered into a Claims
Exchange Agreement (the  Cranshire Agreement ) with Cranshire and a Settlement Agreement (the  Freestone Agreement )
with Freestone Advantage Partners, L.P. ( Freestone ), the other holder of Warrants, in order to settle the disputes
between us and Cranshire and us and Freestone. Pursuant to the Cranshire Agreement, we and Cranshire have agreed that as a result
of the issuance of securities by us pursuant to the transaction in October 2011, Cranshire is entitled to (i) an exercise price
under each of Cranshire s Warrants of $0.0119 per share, and (ii) the following as a result thereof: (a) 103,466,396.17
shares of our common stock issuable upon exercise of Cranshire s Series A Warrant, (b) 22,868,151.26 shares of our common
stock issuable upon exercise of Cranshire s Series B Warrant and (c) 103,466,396.17 shares of common stock issuable upon
exercise of Cranshire s Series C Warrant. Cranshire also agreed that its Series B Warrant will terminate and be cancelled
simultaneously with the occurrence of the closing under the Cranshire Agreement, and we will have no further obligation to deliver
any shares of our common stock under Cranshire s Series B Warrant. Pursuant to the Freestone Agreement, we and Freestone
have agreed that as a result of the issuance of securities by the Company pursuant to the transaction in October 2011, Freestone
is entitled to (i) an exercise price under each of Freestone s Warrants of $0.0119 per share, and (ii) the following as
a result thereof: (a) 1,575,645.38 shares of our common stock issuable upon exercise of Freestone s Series A Warrant, (b)
1,260,516.30 shares of our common stock issuable upon exercise of Freestone s Series B Warrant, and (c) 1,575,645.38 shares
of common stock issuable upon exercise of Freestone s Series C Warrant. Freestone also agreed that its Series B Warrant
will terminate and be cancelled simultaneously with the occurrence of the closing under the Cranshire Agreement, and we will have
no further obligation to deliver any shares of our common stock under Freestone s Series B Warrant. Our shareholders could
incur additional dilution in their ownership of us as a result of the full ratchet anti-dilution provisions of other outstanding
convertible securities that may be triggered by the adjustments made in the settlement. Additionally, we cannot assure that future
litigation in which we may become involved will not have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, operating results,
business performance and business reputation. Investors who purchase shares of our common stock will be subject to the risk of
total loss if the risks described herein are realized, because there may be insufficient assets with which to pay our debts, leaving
shareholders with no recovery.  

Shareholders
could experience dilution in their ownership of us.   Our board of directors has the authority to cause the Company to issue
additional securities and convertible securities at such prices and on such terms as it determines in its discretion without the
consent of the stockholders, including without limitation common stock, preferred stock, warrants and convertible notes. The Company
has issued securities to professional investment firms that have full ratchet anti-dilution provisions and other adjustments for
certain potentially dilutive transactions. These provisions may be triggered, causing adjustments resulting in lower exercise
prices and more securities outstanding, thereby causing existing shareholders to experience more dilution than originally anticipated
when those securities were first issued by the Company. Consequently, our shareholders are subject to the risk that their ownership
in the Company will be substantially diluted in the future.  

We
have issued Series A Preferred Stock having additional voting rights to our chief executive officer.   The Company has issued
3,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock to Dean Janes, our chief executive officer. Each share of Series A Preferred Stock has
a par value of $0.001 and the equivalent of 350,000 votes. The Series A Preferred Stock is not convertible into the Company s
common stock. The holder of the Series A Preferred Stock is entitled to dividends only to the extent of the number of shares of
Series A Preferred Stock held by him (i.e. 3,000) in proportion to the total number of outstanding shares of preferred and common
stock. The liquidation preference of each share of the Series A Preferred Stock is $0.001, its par value. Consequently, by virtue
of his ownership of the Series A Preferred Stock, Mr. Janes will have a majority of the outstanding voting stock of the Company
and will generally be able to control the actions by the shareholders, subject to the cumulative voting rights of all shareholders.  

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES   

We
currently maintain and lease our administrative offices and production facility at 3022 N. Hollywood Way, Burbank, California
91505. This facility contains 1,800 square feet of space, and we currently pay rent at a rate of $2.00 per square foot, gross.  

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS   

On
November 29, 2011, we were served with a Motion to Compel Arbitration by Cranshire Capital, L.P. ( Cranshire ), a
warrant holder with whom we completed a private placement for the sale of common stock and warrants for $1,000,000 in the aggregate
in October 2010. Cranshire alleged that it is a holder of Series A Warrants, Series B Warrants, and Series C Warrants issued by
us (collectively, the  Warrants ) and that our entry into a transaction in October 2011 had the effect of triggering
the anti-dilution provision in the Warrants. They alleged that the effect of the application of the anti-dilution provisions was
to substantially lower the exercise price of the Warrants and increase the number of shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants.
We believe that we had meritorious defenses to the Plaintiff s claims. Nevertheless, the parties have agreed to settle the
claims.  

Accordingly,
on or about March 28, 2012, we entered into a Claims Exchange Agreement (the  Cranshire Agreement ) with Cranshire
and a Settlement Agreement (the  Freestone Agreement ) with Freestone Advantage Partners, L.P. ( Freestone ),
the other holder of Warrants, in order to settle the disputes between us and Cranshire and us and Freestone.  

Pursuant
to the Cranshire Agreement, we have agreed with Cranshire that as a result of the issuance of securities by us pursuant to the
transaction in October 2011, Cranshire is entitled to (i) an exercise price under each of Cranshire s Warrants of $0.0119
per share, and (ii) the following as a result thereof: (a) 103,466,396.17 shares of our common stock issuable upon exercise of
Cranshire s Series A Warrant, (b) 22,868,151.26 shares of our common stock issuable upon exercise of Cranshire s Series
B Warrant and (c) 103,466,396.17 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of Cranshire s Series C Warrant. Cranshire
also agreed that its Series B Warrant will terminate and be cancelled simultaneously with the occurrence of the closing under
the Cranshire Agreement, and we will have no further obligation to deliver any shares of our common stock under Cranshire s
Series B Warrant.  

On
the first business day immediately following the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Cranshire Agreement, Cranshire
agreed to exercise its Series A Warrant for 8,277,311 Warrant Shares (as defined in the Series A Warrant) for an aggregate exercise
price in cash equal to $98,500. The Cranshire Agreement also provides for the mandatory cash exercise of Series A Warrants and
Series C Warrants, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions on a monthly basis, such that the we would receive cash proceeds
from exercises thereof of $78,800 per month from Cranshire if the conditions for mandatory exercise for that month are satisfied.  

Pursuant
to the Freestone Agreement, we have agreed with Freestone that as a result of the issuance of securities by the Company pursuant
to the transaction in October 2011, Freestone is entitled to (i) an exercise price under each of Freestone s Warrants of
$0.0119 per share, and (ii) the following as a result thereof: (a) 1,575,645.38 shares of our common stock issuable upon exercise
of Freestone s Series A Warrant, (b) 1,260,516.30 shares of our common stock issuable upon exercise of Freestone s
Series B Warrant, and (c) 1,575,645.38 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of Freestone s Series C Warrant. Freestone
also agreed that its Series B Warrant will terminate and be cancelled simultaneously with the occurrence of the closing under
the Cranshire Agreement, and we will have no further obligation to deliver any shares of our common stock under Freestone s
Series B Warrant.  

On
the first business day immediately following the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Cranshire Agreement, Freestone
agreed to exercise its Series A Warrant for 126,051 Warrant Shares (as defined in the Series A Warrant) for an aggregate exercise
price in cash equal to $1,500.01. The Freestone Agreement also provides for the mandatory cash exercise of Series A Warrants and
Series C Warrants, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions on a monthly basis, such that we would receive cash proceeds
from exercises thereof of $1,200 per month from Freestone if the conditions for mandatory exercise for that month are satisfied.  

Under
the Cranshire Agreement but subject to receipt of court approval, we are required to issue to Cranshire a number of shares of
our common stock equal to the quotient of (x) $275,000 divided by (y) 80% of the closing sale price of our common stock on the
trading day immediately preceding the entry of the Court Order (as defined in the Cranshire Agreement). Such shares will be issued
in exchange for Cranshire s claims, and, subject to the receipt of court approval, will be issued pursuant to the exemption
from registration provided by Section 3(a)(10) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.  

The
Company was involved in the following additional litigation:  Securities and Exchange Commission v. Imaging3   Dean Janes ,
Civil Action No. CV13-04616 GAF (AJWx) (U.S. Dist. Ct., C.D. Ca.), for which Fulbright   Jaworski LLP is counsel of record.
The Company settled this action by entering into a Deferred Prosecution Agreement with the SEC in which the Company covenanted
to comply with federal and state securities laws through December 31, 2017, which, among other covenants, includes providing written
notification to the SEC, within five days, if the Company has been charged or convicted of an offense by any federal, state, or
local law enforcement organization or regulatory agency; providing written notification to the SEC, within five days, if a formal
or informal complaint has been made against the Company or disciplinary action has been taken against the Company by any self-regulatory
organization; that the Company adopt policies governing correspondence with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, communications
with shareholders and the posting of communications on the Company website, press releases and the advanced review of such releases,
regular review of the Company s policies and procedures on communications to remain in compliance with federal securities
laws; and requiring all existing officers and directors of Imaging3, and all persons who become officers or directors in the future,
to participate in a training session with Imaging3 s outside counsel regarding compliance with federal securities laws.
The SEC staff may make reasonable requests for further evidence of compliance, and Imaging3 agrees to provide such evidence.  

We
may be involved in other legal actions and claims arising in the ordinary course of business, from time to time, none of which
at this time is considered to be material to our business or financial condition.  

PETITION
FOR RELIEF UNDER CHAPTER 11 OF THE BANKRUPTCY CODE   

On
September 13, 2012, the Company filed a voluntary petition with the federal bankruptcy court in Los Angeles, California, to enter
bankruptcy under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code. On or about July 15, 2013, our Plan of Reorganization was approved
by the United States Bankruptcy Court. On July 30, 2013, we emerged from bankruptcy and continued operations under the terms and
conditions of our Bankruptcy Reorganization Plan as it applies to post bankruptcy operations. The Chapter 11 Plan (the  Plan )
adopted by Imaging3, Inc. is a reorganizing plan. Payments under the Plan were made by utilizing existing cash on hand, borrowings
on a secured and unsecured basis, future cash flow, if any, capital raised through the sale of our common stock in private placements,
and by conversion of debt to equity. The effective date of the Plan was July 30, 2013 (the  Effective Date ). For
accounting purposes and convenience, the Effective Date was deemed to be July 1, 2013. There was very little activity between
July 1, 2013 and July 30, 2013. The following is a brief summary of the Plan as adopted on the Effective Date:  

Administrative
expenses are claims for costs or expenses of administering the Company s Chapter 11 case. The Bankruptcy Code requires that
all administrative claims be paid on the Effective Date of the Plan, unless a particular claimant agrees to a different treatment.  

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES   

None.  

PART
II   

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON STOCK, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES   

Common
Stock   

Our
common stock traded on the OTC Bulletin Board Market under the symbol  IMGG,  until approximately December 15, 2012,
when trading was suspended due to the Company s bankruptcy and delinquency in filing its public reports with the Securities
and Exchange Commission. The range of high and low bid quotations for each fiscal quarter within the last two fiscal years was
as follows:  

The
above quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail markup, mark-down, or commission and may not necessarily represent
actual transactions.  

Dividends   

We
have not declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock and do not anticipate paying dividends for the foreseeable future.  

Equity
Compensation Plan Information   

We
have not yet, but may in the future, establish a management stock incentive plan pursuant to which stock options and restricted
stock grant awards may be authorized and granted to our executive officers, directors, employees and key consultants. In the event
we establish a stock incentive plan, we expect to authorize approximately 15% of our outstanding shares of common stock for future
issuance.  

Warrants   

As
of December 31, 2012, we had a total of 233,490,164 warrants to purchase 233,490,164 shares of our common stock outstanding, subject
to possible further adjustment pursuant to the full ratchet anti-dilution provisions in those warrants. As a result of the full
ratchet anti-dilution provisions in the warrants, the number of outstanding warrants may be revised substantially higher, and
their exercise prices revised substantially lower, in the near future.  

Preferred
Stock   

Effective
March 20, 2012, the Company issued 3,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock to Dean Janes, our Chief Executive Officer. Each share
of Series A Preferred Stock has a par value of $0.001 and the equivalent of 350,000 votes. The Series A Preferred Stock is not
convertible into the Company s common stock. The holder of the Series A Preferred Stock is entitled to dividends only to
the extent of the number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock held by him (i.e. 3,000) in proportion to the total number of outstanding
shares of preferred and common stock. The liquidation preference of each share of the Series A Preferred Stock is its par value,
$0.001 per share. These shares were cancelled effective July 31, 2013 in accordance with the Company s Chapter 11 reorganization
plan adopted on that date.  

ITEM
6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA   

Not
applicable.  

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL AND PLAN OF OPERATIONS   

Cautionary
 Statements   

This
Form 10-K contains financial projections and other  forward-looking statements,  as that term is used in federal securities
laws, about Imaging3, Inc. s financial condition, results of operations and business. These statements include, among others,
statements concerning the potential for revenues and expenses and other matters that are not historical facts. These statements
may be made expressly in this Form 10-K. You can find many of these statements by looking for words such as  believes, 
 expects,   anticipates,   estimates,  or similar expressions used in this Form 10-K. These
forward-looking statements are subject to numerous assumptions, risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to be
materially different from any future results expressed or implied by us in those statements. The most important facts that could
prevent us from achieving our stated goals include, but are not limited to, the following:  

(a)  

Failure
                                         of our common stock to resume trading on a public securities trading market, or to be
                                         liquid with adequate trading volume;  

(b)  
      volatility
    or decline of our stock price;   

(c)  
      potential
    fluctuation in quarterly results;   

(d)  
      our
    failure to earn revenues or profits;   

(e)  
      inadequate
    capital to continue the business and barriers to raising the additional capital or to obtaining the financing needed to implement
    our business plans;   

(f)  
      failure
    to commercialize our technology or to make sales;   

(g)  
      changes
    in demand for our products and services;   

(h)  
      rapid
    and significant changes in markets;   

(i)  
      litigation
    with or legal claims and allegations by outside parties, causing us to incur substantial losses and expenses;   

(j)  
      insufficient
    revenues to cover operating costs;   

(k)  
      dilution
    in the ownership of the Company through the issuance by us of additional securities and the conversion of outstanding warrants,
    notes and other securities; and   

(l)  
      failure
    to obtain FDA approval for our new medical scanning device, which is still in its prototype stage.  

(m)  
      failure
    to comply with our Chapter 11 Reorganization Plan, causing us to re-enter bankruptcy and possibly terminate and liquidate.  

We
cannot assure that we will be profitable. We may not be able to develop, manage or market our products and services successfully.
We may not be able to attract or retain qualified executives and technology personnel. We may not be able to obtain customers
for our products or services. Our products and services may become obsolete. Government regulation may hinder our business. Additional
dilution in outstanding stock ownership will be incurred due to the issuance or exercise of more shares, warrants and other convertible
securities.  

Because
the statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by
the forward-looking statements. We caution you not to place undue reliance on the statements, which speak only as of the date
of this Form 10-K. The cautionary statements contained or referred to in this section should be considered in connection with
any subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements that we or persons acting on our behalf may make. We do not undertake
any obligation to review or confirm analysts  expectations or estimates or to release publicly any revisions to any forward-looking
statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this Form 10-K or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.  

The
following discussion should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and notes to those statements. In addition to
historical information, the following discussion and other parts of this annual report contain forward-looking information that
involves risks and uncertainties.  

Current
Overview   

In
February 2002, a fire destroyed our manufacturing facility and headquarters building along with our entire inventory, all office
equipment and internal infrastructure. Rebuilding our inventory and entire infrastructure continues to this day. The amount of
insurance received from this fire was approximately $2,400,000, which was inadequate to replace inventory and rebuild the necessary
assets and infrastructure required to be rebuilt over eight years of prior business. Several employees were let go and offices
in San Diego, Arizona, Washington and Florida were closed, which lowered administrative expenses but negatively impacted revenue
and income as well. Although we have made significant strides, we continue on the path of rebuilding.  

Our
efforts have been to market our refurbished equipment. The sales and revenues from service and parts are either from extended
warranty purchases at the time of purchase of the refurbished equipment, or service contracts and time and material revenue realized
upon warranty expiration, the majority of which is realized one year from equipment purchase as warranties expire. Equipment sales
usually have a one year warranty of parts and service. After a one year period, we contact the buyer to initiate the sale of a
new warranty contract for one year. These funds are accrued over a one year period and revenue is recognized quarterly.  

Our
sales effort through direct mail, broadcast facsimile and broadcast email to thousands of potential customers throughout the United
States generates leads of potential customers desiring to purchase equipment either immediately or in the course of one year.
This lead generation through direct mail and broadcast facsimiles and email will continue on a quarterly basis with the goal of
increasing the total number of our leads for our sales staff. Management expects that the marketing program will also eventually
help stabilize the amount of refurbished equipment sold on a monthly basis, since the carry-over of leads not looking for immediate
purchase will overlap with the immediate sales leads. The greater the number of leads generated, whether immediate or long term,
the greater the opportunity to eventually create a consistent number of sales.  

On
October 28, 2010, we received a letter from the United States Food and Drug Administration responding to our application to the
FDA for clearance of our 3D medical imaging technology and device. In our application to the FDA under Section 510(k) of the applicable
federal legislation, we stated that our medical device is substantially equivalent to devices marketed in interstate commerce
prior to May 28, 1976 and therefore should be approved for commercial sale and use as a Class II device, without the necessity
for clinical trials. The FDA responded by rejecting our position that our medical device is substantially equivalent to such prior
devices. We disagree with the FDA s position and plan to re-file our application with additional information supporting
our application for clearance.  

Upon
receipt of the deficiency letter from the FDA denying our application to market our Dominion DViS product in the United States,
we decided to hire a professional independent consulting firm with expertise in FDA filings and their resolution. Since the process
has taken longer than management anticipated, management felt it prudent to engage outside consultants with sufficient experience
to assist us in the process. While we remain confident of eventually achieving FDA approval of our medical device as a Class II
device, we cannot assure that such approval will be obtained or that we may not ultimately be required to file it under Class
III where clinical trials would be required.  

In
the absence of FDA approval for our medical device, we currently do not and cannot rely upon it as a future source of sales and
revenue. We are subject to the uncertainty of not knowing whether or when our proprietary medical device will be approved and
can be sold. Under those circumstances, management believes that we will continue our current trend of incurring operating losses,
possibly requiring us to raise additional capital or financing from outside sources. We cannot assure that we will be able to
raise sufficient capital or financing to maintain our business while we are incurring operating losses, and we cannot assure that
we will become profitable if our proprietary medical device is approved by the FDA.  

On
September 13, 2012, we filed a voluntary petition under Chapter 11 of Title 11 of the United States Code, 11 U.S.C. ss. 101 et
seq., in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Central District of California, Los Angeles Division, as case No. 2:12-bk-41206-NB.
See  Business- Status of Bankruptcy Proceedings.   

Critical
Accounting Policies   

Our
discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our financial statements, which have
been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of
these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities,
revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. We monitor our estimates on an on-going basis
for changes in facts and circumstances, and material changes in these estimates could occur in the future. Changes in estimates
are recorded in the period in which they become known. We base our estimates on historical experience and other assumptions that
we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from our estimates if past experience or other
assumptions do not turn out to be substantially accurate.  

We
have identified the policies below as critical to our business operations and the understanding of our results of operations.  

Revenue
Recognition . We recognize revenue in accordance with the Securities and Exchange Commission Staff Accounting Bulletin No.
104,  Revenue Recognition in Financial Statements  ( SAB 104 ). We recognize revenue upon shipment, provided
that evidence of an arrangement exists, title and risk of loss have passed to the customer, fees are fixed or determinable, and
collection of the related receivable is reasonably assured. We record revenue net of estimated product returns, which is based
upon our return policy, sales agreements, management estimates of potential future product returns related to current period revenue,
current economic trends, changes in customer composition and historical experience. We accrue for warranty costs, sales returns,
and other allowances based on our experience. Generally, we extend credit to our customers and do not require collateral. We perform
ongoing credit evaluations of our customers and historic credit losses have been within our expectations. We do not ship a product
until we have either a purchase agreement or rental agreement signed by the customer with a payment arrangement. This is a critical
policy, because we want our accounting to show only sales that are  final  with a payment arrangement. We do not make
consignment sales or inventory sales subject to a  buy back  or return arrangement from customers. Equipment sales
usually have a one year warranty of parts and service. After a one year period, we contact the buyer to initiate the sale of a
new warranty contract for one year. These funds are accrued over a one year period and revenue is recognized quarterly.  

Rental
income is recognized when earned and expenses are recognized when incurred. The rental periods vary based on customer s
needs ranging from five days to six months. The rental revenues were insignificant in the twelve month periods ended December
31, 2011 and 2012. Written rental or operating lease agreements are used in all instances.  

Derivative
Liability . Derivative financial instruments should be recorded as liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet and measured
at fair value. For purposes of the valuation, the consultant utilized fair value as the basis for formulating its opinion which
has been defined by the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) as  the amount for which an asset (or
liability) could be exchanged in a current transaction between knowledgeable, unrelated willing parties when neither party is
acting under compulsion.  The FASB has provided guidance that its definition of fair value is consistent with the definition
of fair market value in IRS Rev. Rule 59-60. In determining the fair value of the derivatives the consultant assumed that the
Company s business would be conducted as a going concern. These derivative liabilities will need to be marked-to-market
each quarter with the change in fair value recorded in the income statement. The FASB and IRS have provided guidance that its
definition of fair value is consistent with the definition of fair market value in IRS Rev. Rule 59-60. The opinion of Fair Value
relied on a  value in use  or  going concern  premise. To properly apply this fair value standard, the
consultant gave consideration to the holder s intentions regarding whether or not the securities purchases were to be held,
sold or abandoned. Its analysis also reflects assumptions that would be made by market participants if these market participants
were to buy or sell each identified asset on an individual basis.  

The
calculation of derivative liability arising from the Series A, Series B, and Series C Warrants issued by us in a private placement
on October 15, 2010 is based on the full ratchet anti-dilution provisions in those warrants, and the assumptions made in the valuation
analysis prepared for us by an outside professional consulting firm. These full ratchet provisions may result in a  reset 
of the warrant exercise prices. The calculation of derivative liability arising from the secured convertible notes and 12,000,000
warrants issued to Gemini Strategies, LLC as agent for designated lenders in October 2011 is based on the full ratchet anti-dilution
provisions of those warrants, and the assumptions made in the valuation analysis prepared for us by an outside professional consulting
firm. These full ratchet provisions may result in the  reset  of the warrant exercise price of those warrants. The
factors and assumptions utilized in the valuation analysis include the terms and conditions in the warrants, the market price
of our common stock, our stock price volatility, an interest rate factor, and the probability of a future financing during the
terms of the warrants that would result in an adjustment for the benefit of warrant holders and at our expense.  

Stock-Based
Compensation . We record stock-based compensation as a charge to earnings net of the estimated impact of forfeited awards.
As such, we recognize stock-based compensation cost only for those stock-based awards that are estimated to ultimately vest over
their requisite service period, based on the vesting provisions of the individual grants. The cumulative effect on current and
prior periods of a change in the estimated forfeiture rate is recognized as compensation cost in earnings in the period of the
revision. The terms of our performance share unit grants allow the recipients of such awards to earn a variable number of shares
based on the achievement of the performance goals specified in the awards. For performance share unit awards granted prior to
2008, the actual amount of any stock award earned is based on our earnings per share growth as measured in accordance with its
Amended and Restated Employee Long-Term Incentive Plan ( ELTIP ) for the performance period compared to that of a
peer group of companies. Beginning with performance share unit awards granted in 2008, the performance measure for these awards
will be based on the compound annual growth rate of our earnings per share from continuing operations over a three year period.
Stock-based compensation expense associated with performance share units is recognized based on management s best estimates
of the achievement of the performance goals specified in such awards and the resulting number of shares that will be earned. The
compensation expected to be earned is recognized as compensation cost in earnings in the period of the revision.  

Provision
for Sales Returns, Allowances and Bad Debts . We maintain a provision for sales allowances, returns and bad debts. Sales returns
and allowances result from equipment damaged in delivery or customer dissatisfaction, as provided by agreement. The provision
is provided for by reducing gross revenue by a portion of the amount invoiced during the relevant period. The amount of the reduction
is estimated based on historical experience.  

Reserve
for Obsolete/Excess Inventory . Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. We regularly review our inventories
and, when required, will record a provision for excess and obsolete inventory based on factors that may impact the realizable
value of our inventory including, but not limited to, technological changes, market demand, regulatory requirements and significant
changes in our cost structure. If ultimate usage varies significantly from expected usage, or other factors arise that are significantly
different than those anticipated by management, inventory write-downs or increases in reserves may be required.  

The
fire in 2002 incinerated our inventory, so we did not have to deal with significant amounts of obsolete inventory for a period
of time. Our procedure is now to maintain only limited inventory, based on our experience in service and repair, necessary for
current service and repair contracts or orders anticipated within the following 60 days. We have supply relationships with long
term suppliers to provide additional parts on an as needed, prompt basis for the vast majority of repair and service parts, so
obsolescence is no longer a significant factor in our business.  

Deferred
Revenue.  Deferred revenue consists substantially of amounts received from customers in advance of the Company s performance
service period. Deferred revenue is recognized as revenue on a systematic basis that is proportionate to the period that the underlying
services are rendered, which in certain arrangements is straight-line over the remaining contractual term or estimated customer
life of an agreement.  

Research
and Development. Costs and expenses that can be clearly identified as research and development are charged to expense as incurred
in accordance with FASB ASC 730-10. Included in research and development costs are operating costs, facilities, supplies, external
services, clinical trial and manufacturing costs, and overhead directly related to the Company s research and development
operations, as well as costs to acquire technology licenses.  

Recently
Issued Accounting Standards-New Accounting Pronouncements   

Presentation
of an Unrecognized Tax Benefit when a Net Operating Loss Carryforward exists.  In July 2013, the FASB issued ASU 2013-11, Income
Taxes (Topic 740): Presentation of an Unrecognized Tax Benefit When a Net Operating Loss Carryforward, a Similar Tax Loss, or
a Tax Credit Carryforward Exists, ( ASU 2013-02 ), which eliminates diversity in practice for the presentation of
an unrecognized tax benefit when a net operating loss carryforward, a similar tax loss or a tax credit carryforward is available
to reduce the taxable income or tax payable that would result from disallowance of a tax position. ASU 2013-11 affects only the
presentation of such amounts in an entity s balance sheet and is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15,
2013 and interim periods within those years. Early adoption is permitted. The adoption of ASU 2013-11 is not expected to have
a material effect on our consolidated financial position or results of operations.  

Disclosures
about Reclassification Adjustments out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income . In February 2013, the Financial Accounting
Standards Board ( FASB ) issued an accounting standards update which adds new disclosure requirements for items reclassified
out of accumulated other comprehensive income. The update requires entities to disclose additional information about reclassification
adjustments, including changes in accumulated other comprehensive income balances by component and significant items reclassified
out of accumulated other comprehensive income. The update will be effective for us in the first quarter of 2013, but early adoption
is permitted. The update will primarily impact our disclosures, but otherwise is not expected to have a material impact on our
consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows.  

Testing
Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets for Impairment . In July 2012, the FASB issued an accounting standards update which provides,
subject to certain conditions, the option to perform a qualitative, rather than quantitative, assessment to determine whether
it is more likely than not that the fair value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset is less than its carrying amount. The update
will be effective for us in the first quarter of 2013, but early adoption is permitted. The update may, under certain circumstances,
reduce the complexity and costs of testing indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment, but otherwise is not expected to
have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows.  

Testing
Goodwill for Impairment . In September 2011, the FASB issued an accounting standards update which provides, subject to certain
conditions, the option to perform a qualitative, rather than quantitative, assessment to determine whether it is more likely than
not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. This update was effective and adopted by the Company
in the first quarter of 2012 and did not have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial position,  

  results
of operations or cash flows.  

Presentation
of Comprehensive Income . In June 2011, the FASB issued an accounting standards update which revises the manner in which entities
present comprehensive income in their financial statements. The new guidance removes the presentation options in existing guidance
and requires entities to report components of comprehensive income in either (1) a continuous statement of comprehensive income
or (2) two separate but consecutive statements. Under the two-statement approach, the first statement would include components
of net income, which is consistent with the income statement format previously used by us, and the second statement would include
components of other comprehensive income ( OCI ). The update does not change the items that must be reported in OCI
and must be applied retrospectively for all periods presented in the financial statements. This update was effective and adopted
by the Company in the first quarter of 2012 and impacted the Company s financial statement presentation, but otherwise did
not impact the Company s consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows.  

Disclosures
about Fair Value Measurements . In May 2011, the FASB issued an accounting standards update which amends the definition of
fair value measurement principles and disclosure requirements to eliminate differences between U.S. GAAP and International Financial
Reporting Standards. The update requires new quantitative and qualitative disclosures about the sensitivity of recurring Level
3 measurement disclosures, as well as disclosures of transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. This update
was effective and adopted by the Company in the first quarter of 2012 and impacted the Company s disclosures, but otherwise
did not have a material impact on the Company s condensed consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash
flows.  

Other
Accounting Factors   

The
effects of inflation have not had a material impact on our operation, nor are they expected to in the immediate future.  

Although
we are unaware of any major seasonal aspect that would have a material effect on the financial condition or results of operation,
the first quarter of each fiscal year is always a financial concern due to slow collections after the holidays.  

The
deposits that are shown in the financials are for pending sales of existing products and not any new patented product. These are
deposits received from our customers for sales of equipment and services and are only removed as deposits upon completion of the
sale. If for any reason a customer order is cancelled, the deposit would be returned as stated in the terms of sale, minus a restocking
fee.  

No
depositor is a related party of any officer or employee of Imaging3, Inc.  

Our
terms of deposit typically are 50% down with the balance of the sale price due upon delivery.  

The
following sets forth selected items from our statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2012 and the year ended
December 31, 2011.  

Results
of Operations for the Year Ended December 31, 2011 as Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2012.   

We
had revenues for the year ended December 31, 2011 of $1,068,617 as compared to $1,052,541 for the year ended December 31, 2012,
which represented a 1% decrease. The decrease in sales was attributed directly to an decrease in equipment sales for this period.
Our rental revenue has been a little more than 8% of our total revenue in the past two years and is recognized over the term of
the lease agreement. Rental revenues are only deemed earned as collected.  

Our
cost of revenue was $505,865 for the year ended December 31, 2011 as compared to $585,794 for the year ended December 31, 2012,
which represents an increase of $79,929 or 15%. This increase resulted directly from increased costs for equipment, parts, sales
and services. Our gross profit margin for the year ended December 31, 2011 was $562,752 as compared to $466,747 for the year ended
December 31, 2012, a 17% decrease. This is due to increased costs of sales in 2012. Our total operating expenses decreased in
2011from $2,947,140 to $1,862,073 for the year ended December 31, 2012, a decrease of 36% due to decreased interest and legal
expenses. Our net loss for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2011 was $17,926,713 as compared to net income of $2,636,484 for
the fiscal year ending December 31, 2012. This decrease in loss is attributed directly to Gain/Loss on change of Derivative Liability
account which was calculated at approximately less at year end December 31, 2012 than for the year end December 31, 2011.  

At
December 31, 2012, we had a balance due to our chief executive officer amounting to $350,000 for the amount borrowed by us. This
amount is due on demand, secured and interest free. At December 31, 2011, the balance due to our chief executive officer on the
same terms was $344,938.  

We
filed our tax return for 2000 as an S-corporation and changed our status to a C-corporation effective August 1, 2001. Under current
accounting guidance, deferred income taxes are reported using the liability method. Deferred tax assets are recognized for deductible
temporary differences and deferred tax liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary differences. We have recorded insignificant
liabilities of $800 per year for income taxes due to adjustments as a result of the conversion from an S-corporation to a C-corporation
for tax purposes. The provision for income taxes was recorded for the state minimum tax of $800 imposed on corporations. (See
Note 7 in financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2012).  

We
expect the trend of operating losses by us to continue into the future at the current or greater rate as we spend money on product
development and marketing. We cannot assure that we can achieve profitability. We do not expect litigation against us to expand
and believe litigation is on a decreasing trend, although we can give no assurances in relation to future litigation.  

In
2012, we spent and recorded $126,173 for research and development of our technology, which includes software design, mechanical
design and the manufacturing of the prototype. In 2011, we spent and recorded $255,904 for research and development of our technology.
Costs for individuals employed by Imaging3 are absorbed in normal operating expenses and are not separated into different categories
at this time for simplicity.  

Liquidity
and Capital Resources   

Our
total current assets decreased from $670,748 as of December 31, 2011, to $29,106 as of December 31, 2012, a difference of $641,642
or 96%. The cash account as of December 31, 2011 was $449,733, compared to $6,869 as of December 31, 2012 and the inventory writeoff
of $149,628 in December 31, 2012 affected the difference.  

Our
total current liabilities decreased to $3,767,021 as of December 31, 2012 from $20,532,397 as of December 31, 2011. This decrease
is due in large part to the decrease in the derivative liability account by $17,555,812 for this reporting period. The derivative
liability account derives from the Series A, Series B, and Series C Warrants issued by us in a private placement on October 15,
2010 and the convertible note and warrants issued in a private placement on October 3, 2011.  

During
the year ended December 31, 2011, we used $1,762,259 of net cash for operating activities as the company required working capital,
as compared to $845,696 during the year ended December 31, 2012. Net cash provided by financing activities during the year ended
December 31, 2011 was $1,844,414, as compared to $402,832 during the year ended December 31, 2012.  

We
plan to continue to make private placements of our common stock to raise working capital to sustain the Company until we can earn
sufficient net revenue from operations to maintain and possibly grow the Company s business, of which there is no assurance.  

Going
Concern Qualification   

We
have incurred significant losses from operations, and such losses are expected to continue. Our auditors have included a  Going
Concern Qualification  in their report for the year ended December 31, 2012. In addition, we have limited working capital.
The foregoing raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans include seeking
additional capital and/or debt financing. We cannot guarantee that additional capital and/or debt financing will be available
when and to the extent required, or that if available it will be on terms acceptable to us. The financial statements do not include
any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. The  Going Concern Qualification  may make
it substantially more difficult for us to raise capital.  

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements   

None.  

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA   

IMAGING3,
INC.   

FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS   

FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2012 and 2011   

CONTENTS   

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM   

To
the Board of Directors and Shareholders  

  Imaging3,
Inc.  

  Burbank,
California  

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheet of Imaging3, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2012 and the related statements
of operations, stockholders  deficit, and cash flows for the year then ended. These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.  

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards established by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States).
Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal
control over financial reporting. Our audits included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for
designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit
also includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing
the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement
presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.  

In
our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Imaging3,
Inc. as of December 31, 2012, and the results of its operations and its cash flows in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America.  

As
discussed in Note 5 to the financial statements, the Company filed a petition on September 13, 2012 with the United States Bankruptcy
Court for the Central District of California for reorganization under the provisions of Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code. The
Company s First Amended Chapter 11 Plan of Reorganization of Imaging3, Inc. (as revised, the  Plan ) was confirmed
by the Court on July 9, 2013 and the Company emerged from bankruptcy on July 30, 2013. In connection with its emergence from bankruptcy,
the Company adopted fresh start accounting on July 1, 2013.  

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed
in Note 14 to the financial statements, the Company has incurred recurring net losses, used cash in operations and recently declared
bankruptcy. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s
plans regarding those matters also are described in Note 14. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments
that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.  

Rose,
Snyder   Jacobs LLP  

Encino,
California  

November
11, 2015  

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM    

To
the Board of Directors  

  Imaging3,
Inc.  

  Burbank,
California  

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Imaging3, Inc. as of December 31, 2011 and the related statements of operations,
changes in stockholders deficit, and cash flows for the period ended December 31, 2011. These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.  

We
conducted our audits in accordance with standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards
require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.  

In
our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Imaging3,
Inc. as of December 31, 2011, and the results of its operations and cash flows for the periods described above in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.  

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. The Company suffered
a recurring losses from operations and maintains a working capital deficit, which raises substantial doubt about its ability to
continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this
uncertainty.See note 13 to the financial statements for further information regarding this uncertainty.  

/s/
M K CPAS, PLLC   

www.mkacpas.com   

  Houston,
Texas  

  April
16, 2012  

IMAGING3,
INC.   

    DEBTOR
IN POSSESSION   

     BALANCE
SHEETS   

   AT
DECEMBER 31, 2012 AND DECEMBER 31, 2011   

The
accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements  

IMAGING3,
INC.   

   DEBTOR
IN POSSESSION   

     STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS   

   FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2012 AND 2011   

The
accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements  

IMAGING3,
INC.   

   DEBTOR
IN POSSESSION   

     STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS   

   FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2012 AND 2011   

The
accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements  

IMAGING3,
INC.    

   DEBTOR
IN POSSESSION   

     STATEMENT
OF STOCKHOLDERS  DEFICIT    

   FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2011 AND 2012   

The
accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements  

IMAGING3,
INC.   

   DEBTOR
IN POSSESSION   

     Notes
to Financial Statements   

   December
31, 2012, and 2011   

1.
ORGANIZATION AND DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS   

Imaging3,
Inc. (the  Company ) is a California corporation incorporated on October 29, 1993 as Imaging Services, Inc. The Company
filed a certificate of amendment of articles of incorporation to change its name to Imaging3, Inc. on August 20, 2002.  

The
Company s primary business is production and sale of medical equipment, parts and services to hospitals, surgery centers,
research labs, physician offices and veterinarians. Equipment sales include new c-arms, c-arms tables, remanufactured c-arms,
used c-arm and surgical tables. Part sales comprise of new or renewed replacement parts for c-arms.  

The
Company has developed a proprietary medical technology designed to produce 3D medical diagnostic images in real time. We believe
Imaging3 technology has the potential to contribute to the improvement of healthcare. Our technology is designed to cause 3D images
to be instantly constructed using high-resolution fluoroscopy. These images can be used as real time references for any current
or new medical procedures in which multiple frames of reference are required to perform medical procedures on or in the human
body. This technology is still in development and the Company intends to seek approval from the Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ),
which will allow us to offer our product to healthcare providers.  

2.
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES   

A
summary of the Company s significant accounting policies consistently applied in the preparation of the accompanying financial
statements follows:  

Use
of Estimates   

In
preparing financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles, management is required to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements and revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from
those estimates.  

Cash
and Cash Equivalents   

The
Company considers all liquid investments with a maturity of three months or less from the date of purchase that are readily convertible
into cash to be cash equivalents. The Company maintains its cash in bank deposit accounts that may exceed federally insured limits.
The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts. The Company had no cash equivalents at December 31, 2011 or 2012.  

Accounts
Receivable   

The
Company s customer base is geographically dispersed. The Company maintains reserves for potential credit losses on accounts
receivable. Management reviews the composition of accounts receivable and analyzes historical bad debts, customer concentrations,
customer credit worthiness, current economic trends and changes in customer payment patterns to evaluate the adequacy of these
reserves. Reserves are recorded primarily on a specific identification basis.  

Inventories   

Inventories,
comprising of finished goods and parts are stated at the lower of cost (first-in, first-out method) or market. Management compares
the cost of inventories with the market value and allowance is made for writing down the inventories to their market value, if
lower. For the year ended December 21, 2011, impairment totaled $0 and $149,628 in 2012.  

Due
to Officer   

At
December 31, 2012 and 2011, the Company had balances due to the Chief Executive Officer of the Company of $350,000 and $344,938,
respectively, for amounts owed during those years. The amount is due on demand, interest free and is secured by the assets of
the Company. Interest is not imputed since a portion of this amount represents unpaid salaries.  

IMAGING3,
INC.   

   DEBTOR
IN POSSESSION   

   Notes
to Financial Statements   

   December
31, 2012, and 2011   

Property
  Equipment   

Property
and equipment are stated at cost. Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are charged to expenses as incurred and additions,
renewals and betterments are capitalized. When property and equipment are retired or otherwise disposed of, the related cost and
accumulated depreciation are removed from the respective accounts, and any gain or loss is included in operations. Depreciation
of property and equipment is provided using the straight-line method for substantially all assets with estimated lives of three
to eight years.  

Impairment
of Long-Lived Assets   

Current
accounting literature requires that long-lived assets be reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate
that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable through the estimated undiscounted cash flows expected to result from
the use and eventual disposition of the assets. Whenever any such impairment exists, an impairment loss will be recognized for
the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the fair value.  

The
Company tests long-lived assets, including property, plant and equipment and intangible assets subject to periodic amortization,
for recoverability at least annually or more frequently upon the occurrence of an event or when circumstances indicate that the
net carrying amount is greater than its fair value. Assets are grouped and evaluated at the lowest level for their identifiable
cash flows that are largely independent of the cash flows of other groups of assets. The Company considers historical performance
and future estimated results in its evaluation of potential impairment and then compares the carrying amount of the asset to the
future estimated cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset. If the carrying amount of the asset exceeds estimated
expected undiscounted future cash flows, the Company measures the amount of impairment by comparing the carrying amount of the
asset to its fair value. The estimation of fair value is generally measured by discounting expected future cash flows at the rate
the Company utilizes to evaluate potential investments. The Company estimates fair value based on the information available in
making whatever estimates, judgments and projections are considered necessary. There was no impairment of long-lived assets in
the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2012.  

Equipment
Deposits   

Equipment
deposits represent amounts received from customers against future sales of goods since the Company recognizes revenue upon shipment
of goods. These deposits are applied to the invoices when the equipment is shipped to the customers. The balances at December
31, 2012 and 2011 were $-0- and $89,250, respectively.  

Derivative
Financial Instruments   

The
Company generally does not use derivative financial instruments to hedge exposures to cash-flow risks or market-risks that may
be affect the fair values of its financial instruments. The Company utilizes various types of financing to fund our business needs,
including common stock with warrants attached and other instruments not indexed to our stock. The Company is required to record
its derivative instruments at their fair value. Changes in the fair value of derivatives are recognized in earnings in accordance
with ASC 815. Derivative financial instruments should be recorded as liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet and measured
at fair value. For purposes of the valuation, the consultant utilized fair value as the basis for formulating its opinion which
has been defined by the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) as  the amount for which an asset (or
liability) could be exchanged in a current transaction between knowledgeable, unrelated willing parties when neither party is
acting under compulsion.  The FASB has provided guidance that its definition of fair value is consistent with the definition
of fair market value in IRS Rev. Rule 59-60. In determining the fair value of the derivatives the consultant assumed that the
Company s business would be conducted as a going concern. These derivative liabilities will need to be marked-to-market
each quarter with the change in fair value recorded in the income statement. The FASB and IRS have provided guidance that its
definition of fair value is consistent with the definition of fair market value in IRS Rev. Rule 59-60. The opinion of Fair Value
relied on a  value in use  or  going concern  premise. To properly apply this fair value standard, the
consultant gave consideration to the holder s intentions regarding whether or not the securities purchases were to be held,
sold or abandoned. Its analysis also reflects assumptions that would be made by market participants if these market participants
were to buy or sell each identified asset on an individual basis.  

On
October 15, 2010, the Company issued 13,761,471 warrants to purchase 13,761,471 shares of common stock, (a) 4,587,157 of which
are exercisable at a price of $0.2725 per share for a period of five (5) years from the date of issuance (Series A), (b) 4,587,157
of which are exercisable at a price of $0.218 per share for a period of 18 months from the date of issuance (Series B), (c) 4,587,157
of which are exercisable at a price of $0.2725 per share for a period of five (5) years from the date of issuance. The number
of shares issuable upon the exercise of the warrants described in (a), (b), and (c) of this paragraph and the exercise prices
of the warrants described in (a), (b), and (c) of this paragraph may be adjusted pursuant to the full-ratchet anti dilution provisions
contained in those warrants.  

On
October 5, 2011, the Company issued secured convertible promissory notes to Gemini Master Fund, Ltd., Alpha Capital Anstalt, Brio
Capital, L.P. and Context Partners Fund, L.P. in the total principal amount of $1,200,000 from which the Company received $1,000,000
of cash. The convertible promissory note is convertible into shares of the Company s common stock at a rate the lesser of
(a) $0.10 per share, or (b) 80% of the average of the three (3) lowest daily VWAP s (volume weighted average prices) during
the 22 consecutive trading days immediately preceding the applicable conversion date, but not less than $0.05 per share, subject
to full ratchet anti-dilution provisions. The notes included a total of 12,000,000 warrants that also have full ratchet anti-dilution
provisions and other potential adjustments. On their face, they are exercisable at $0.10 per share for a period of five years
from the date of issue. If these provisions are triggered, the exercise price of all their warrants and convertible notes will
be reduced. Accordingly, the warrants and convertible notes are not considered to be solely indexed to the Company s own
stock and are not afforded equity treatment.  

In
connection with previous financing transactions, the Company issued warrants to purchase common stock and convertible promissory
notes. These instruments included provisions that could result in a variable exercise price or a variable number of shares to
be issued based on specified full-ratchet anti-dilution provisions. The  reset  provisions were triggered in the event
the Company subsequently issued common stock, stock warrants, stock options or convertible debt with a stock price, exercise price
or conversion price lower than contractually specified amounts. Upon triggering the  reset  provisions, the exercise
/ conversion price of the instrument would be reduce and/or the number of shares issuable upon exercise / conversion of the instrument
would increase. In addition, the Company s convertible notes were convertible at a price based on a discount of 80% of the
volume weighted average price (VWAP) for a specified period prior to conversion. Accordingly, pursuant to ASC 815, these instruments
were not considered to be solely indexed to the Company s own stock and were not afforded equity treatment.  

The
following table summarizes activity in the Company s derivative liability for the years ended December 31, 2011 through
December 31, 2012:  

The
Company classifies the fair value of these derivative liabilities under level 3 of the fair value hierarchy of financial instruments.
The fair value of the derivative liability was calculated using a Monte Carlo simulation model that values the embedded derivatives
based on several inputs, assumptions and probabilities. This model is based on future projections of the various potential outcomes.
The embedded derivatives that were analyzed and incorporated into the model included the exercise feature with the full ratchet
reset and the conversion feature of the convertible promissory notes.  

The
Company utilized a third party valuation expert in determining the fair value of its derivative liabilities. The assumptions used
in the model include the following:  

The warrant term ranged from 9 months to 60 months.  

The estimated volatility was 120% - 122%  

The risk free rate was 0.83% to 0.87%  

IMAGING3,
INC.   

   DEBTOR
IN POSSESSION   

   Notes
to Financial Statements   

   December
31, 2012, and 2011   

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments   

On
January 1, 2008, the Company adopted a new standard related to the accounting for financial assets and financial liabilities and
items that are recognized or disclosed at fair value in the financial statements on a recurring basis, at least annually. This
standard provides a single definition of fair value and a common framework for measuring fair value as well as new disclosure
requirements for fair value measurements used in financial statements. Fair value measurements are based upon the exit price that
would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants exclusive
of any transaction costs, and are determined by either the principal market or the most advantageous market. The principal market
is the market with the greatest level of activity and volume for the asset or liability. Absent a principal market to measure
fair value, the Company would use the most advantageous market, which is the market that the Company would receive the highest
selling price for the asset or pay the lowest price to settle the liability, after considering transaction costs. However, when
using the most advantageous market, transaction costs are only considered to determine which market is the most advantageous and
these costs are then excluded when applying a fair value measurement. The adoption of this standard did not have a material effect
on the Company s financial position, results of operations or cash flows.  

On
January 1, 2009, the Company adopted an accounting standard for applying fair value measurements to certain assets, liabilities
and transactions that are periodically measured at fair value. The adoption did not have a material effect on the Company s
financial position, results of operations or cash flows.  

In
August 2009, the FASB issued an amendment to the accounting standards related to the measurement of liabilities that are routinely
recognized or disclosed at fair value. This standard clarifies how a company should measure the fair value of liabilities, and
that restrictions preventing the transfer of a liability should not be considered as a factor in the measurement of liabilities
within the scope of this standard. This standard became effective for the Company on October 1, 2009. The adoption of this standard
did not have a material impact on the Company s financial statements.  

The
fair value accounting standard creates a three-level hierarchy to prioritize the inputs used in the valuation techniques to derive
fair values. The basis for fair value measurements for each level within the hierarchy is described below with Level 1 having
the highest priority and Level 3 having the lowest.  

Level
1: Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.  

Level
2: Quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets
that are not active; and model-derived valuations in which all significant inputs are observable in active markets.  

Level
3: Valuations derived from valuation techniques in which one or more significant inputs are unobservable.  

The
following table presents assets and liabilities that are measured and recognized at fair value as of December 31, 2012 and 2011
on a recurring basis:  

December
31, 2012   

December
31, 2011   

IMAGING3,
INC.   

   DEBTOR
IN POSSESSION   

   Notes
to Financial Statements   

   December
31, 2012, and 2011   

Revenue
Recognition   

The
Company recognizes its revenue in accordance with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) Staff Accounting
Bulletin No. 104,  Revenue Recognition in Financial Statements  ( SAB 104 ). SAB 104 revises or rescinds
portions of the interpretative guidance included in Topic 13 of the codification of staff accounting bulletins in order to make
this interpretive guidance consistent with current authoritative accounting and auditing guidance and SEC rules and regulations.
Revenue is recognized upon shipment, provided that evidence of an arrangement exists, title and risk of loss have passed to the
customer, fees are fixed or determinable and collection of the related receivable is reasonably assured. Revenue is recorded net
of estimated product returns, which is based upon the Company s return policy, sales agreements, management estimates of
potential future product returns related to current period revenue, current economic trends, changes in customer composition and
historical experience. The Company accrues for warranty costs, sales returns, and other allowances based on its experience. Generally,
the Company extends credit to its customers and does not require collateral. The Company performs ongoing credit evaluations of
its customers and historic credit losses have been within management s expectations and has a revenue receivables policy
for service and warranty contracts. Equipment sales usually have a one year warranty of parts and service. After a one year period,
the Company contacts the buyer to initiate the sale of a new warranty contract for one year. Warranty revenues are deferred and
recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the contract or as services are performed.  

Rental
income is recognized when earned and expenses are recognized when incurred. The rental periods vary based on customer s
needs ranging from five days to six months. An operating lease agreement is utilized. The rental revenues were insignificant in
the twelve month periods ended December 31, 2012, and 2011. Written rental agreements are used in all instances.  

Deferred
Revenue   

Deferred
revenue consists substantially of amounts received from customers in advance of the Company s performance service period.
Deferred revenue is recognized as revenue on a systematic basis that is proportionate to the period that the underlying services
are rendered, which in certain arrangements is straight-line over the remaining contractual term or estimated customer life of
an agreement.  

Stock-Based
Compensation   

The
Company records stock-based compensation as a charge to earnings net of the estimated impact of forfeited awards. As such, the
Company recognizes stock-based compensation cost only for those stock-based awards that are estimated to ultimately vest over
their requisite service period, based on the vesting provisions of the individual grants. The cumulative effect on current and
prior periods of a change in the estimated forfeiture rate is recognized as compensation cost in earnings in the period of the
revision. The terms of the Company s performance share unit grants allow the recipients of such awards to earn a variable
number of shares based on the achievement of the performance goals specified in the awards. For performance share unit awards
granted prior to 2008, the actual amount of any stock award earned is based on the Company s earnings per share growth as
measured in accordance with its Amended and Restated Employee Long-Term Incentive Plan ( ELTIP ) for the performance
period compared to that of a peer group of companies. Beginning with performance share unit awards granted in 2008, the performance
measure for these awards will be based on the compound annual growth rate of the Company s earnings per share from continuing
operations over a three year period. Stock-based compensation expense associated with performance share units is recognized based
on management s best estimates of the achievement of the performance goals specified in such awards and the resulting number
of shares that will be earned. The compensation expected to be earned is recognized as compensation cost in earnings in the period
of the revision.  

Income
Taxes   

The
Company accounts for income taxes using the liability method. Deferred tax assets are recognized for deductible temporary differences
and deferred tax liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary differences. Temporary differences are the differences between
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and their tax bases. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when,
in the opinion of management, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates on the date of enactment.  

Basic
and Diluted Net Loss Per Share   

Basic
net loss per share is based upon the weighted average number of common shares outstanding. Diluted net loss per share is based
on the assumption that all dilutive convertible notes, shares and stock options were converted or exercised. Dilution is computed
by applying the treasury stock method. Under this method, options, warrants and convertible notes are assumed to be exercised
at the beginning of the period (or at the time of issuance, if later), and as if funds obtained thereby were used to purchase
common stock at the average market price during the period. The effect of the Company s common stock warrants and convertible
promissory notes were not anti-dilutive at December 31, 2011.  

The
components of basic and diluted earnings per share for the year ended December 31, 2012 is as follows:  

Research
and Development   

Costs
and expenses that can be clearly identified as research and development are charged to expense as incurred in accordance with
FASB ASC 730-10. Included in research and development costs are operating costs, facilities, supplies, external services, clinical
trial and manufacturing costs, and overhead directly related to the Company s research and development operations, as well
as costs to acquire technology licenses.  

IMAGING3,
INC.   

   DEBTOR
IN POSSESSION   

   Notes
to Financial Statements   

   December
31, 2012 and 2011   

Recent
Pronouncements   

In
July 2013, the FASB issued ASU 2013-11, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Presentation of an Unrecognized Tax Benefit When a Net Operating
Loss Carryforward, a Similar Tax Loss, or a Tax Credit Carryforward Exists, ( ASU 2013-02 ), which eliminates diversity
in practice for the presentation of an unrecognized tax benefit when a net operating loss carryforward, a similar tax loss or
a tax credit carryforward is available to reduce the taxable income or tax payable that would result from disallowance of a tax
position. ASU 2013-11 affects only the presentation of such amounts in an entity s balance sheet and is effective for fiscal
years beginning after December 15, 2013 and interim periods within those years. Early adoption is permitted. The adoption of ASU
2013-11 is not expected to have a material effect on our consolidated financial position or results of operations.  

In
February 2013, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued an accounting standards update which adds
new disclosure requirements for items reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income. The update requires entities
to disclose additional information about reclassification adjustments, including changes in accumulated other comprehensive income
balances by component and significant items reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income. The update will be effective
for us in the first quarter of 2013, but early adoption is permitted. The update will primarily impact our disclosures, but otherwise
is not expected to have a material impact on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows.  

In
July 2012, the FASB issued an accounting standards update which provides, subject to certain conditions, the option to perform
a qualitative, rather than quantitative, assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of an
indefinite-lived intangible asset is less than its carrying amount. The update will be effective for us in the first quarter of
2013, but early adoption is permitted. The update may, under certain circumstances, reduce the complexity and costs of testing
indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment, but otherwise is not expected to have a material impact on the Company s
consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows.  

In
September 2011, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2011-08, Intangibles
  Goodwill and Other (Topic 350): Testing Goodwill for Impairment. The guidance in ASU 2011-08 is intended to reduce complexity
and costs by allowing an entity the option to make a qualitative evaluation about the likelihood of goodwill impairment to determine
whether it should calculate the fair value of a reporting unit. The amendments also improve previous guidance by expanding upon
the examples of events and circumstances that an entity should consider between annual impairment tests in determining whether
it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. Also, the amendments improve
the examples of events and circumstances that an entity having a reporting unit with a zero or negative carrying amount should
consider in determining whether to measure an impairment loss, if any, under the second step of the goodwill impairment test.
The amendments in this ASU are effective for annual and interim goodwill impairment tests performed for fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2011. Early adoption is permitted, including for annual and interim goodwill impairment tests performed as
of a date before September 15, 2011, if an entity s financial statements for the most recent annual or interim period have
not yet been issued. The adoption of this guidance is not expected to have a material impact on the Company s financial
position or results of operations.  

In
June 2011, the FASB issued ASU 2011-05,  Comprehensive Income (Topic 220): Presentation of Comprehensive Income ,
which is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2011. ASU 2011-05 will become effective for the Company
on April 1, 2012. This guidance eliminates the option to present the components of other comprehensive income as part of the statement
of changes in stockholders  equity. In addition, items of other comprehensive income that are reclassified to profit or
loss are required to be presented separately on the face of the financial statements. This guidance is intended to increase the
prominence of other comprehensive income in financial statements by requiring that such amounts be presented either in a single
continuous statement of income and comprehensive income or separately in consecutive statements of income and comprehensive income.
The adoption of ASU 2011-05 is not expected to have a material impact on our financial position or results of operations.  

In
May 2011, the FASB issued ASU 2011-04,  Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820): Amendments to Achieve Common Fair Value Measurement
and Disclosure Requirements in U.S. GAAP and IFRSs  (ASU 2011-04), which is effective for annual reporting periods beginning
after December 15, 2011. This guidance amends certain accounting and disclosure requirements related to fair value measurements.
Additional disclosure requirements in the update include: (1) for Level 3 fair value measurements, quantitative information about
unobservable inputs used, a description of the valuation processes used by the entity, and a qualitative discussion about the
sensitivity of the measurements to changes in the unobservable inputs; (2) for an entity s use of a nonfinancial asset that
is different from the asset s highest and best use, the reason for the difference; (3) for financial instruments not measured
at fair value but for which disclosure of fair value is required, the fair value hierarchy level in which the fair value measurements
were determined; and (4) the disclosure of all transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. ASU 2011-04
will become effective for the Company on January 1, 2012. We are currently evaluating ASU 2011-04 and have not yet determined
the impact that adoption will have on our financial statements.  

IMAGING3,
INC.   

   DEBTOR
IN POSSESSION   

   Notes
to Financial Statements   

   December
31, 2012 and 2011   

3.
ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE   

All
accounts receivable are trade related. These receivables are current and management believes are collectible except for which
a reserve has been provided. The balance of accounts receivable as of December 31, 2012 and 2011 were $36,761 and $49,772 respectively.
The reserve amount for uncollectible accounts was $17,243 and $4,909 as of December 31, 2012 and 2011, respectively.  

4.
INVENTORIES   

Inventory
was comprised of the following:  

For
the periods ending December 31, 2011 and 2012, the Company experienced an impairment of $0 and $149,628 in inventory, respectively.
At December 31, 2012, the value of the inventory on hand was deemed to be worthless and therefore was written off.  

5.
PETITION FOR RELIEF UNDER CHAPTER 11 OF THE BANKRUPTCY CODE   

On
September 13, 2012, the Company filed a voluntary petition with the federal bankruptcy court in Los Angeles, California, to enter
bankruptcy under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code. On or about July 15, 2013, our Plan of Reorganization was approved
by the United States Bankruptcy Court. On July 30, 2013, we emerged from bankruptcy and continued operations under the terms and
conditions of our Bankruptcy Reorganization Plan as it applies to post bankruptcy operations. The Chapter 11 Plan (the  Plan )
adopted by Imaging3, Inc. is a reorganizing plan. Payments under the Plan were made by utilizing existing cash on hand, borrowings
on a secured and unsecured basis, future cash flow, if any, capital raised through the sale of our common stock in private placements,
and by conversion of debt to equity. The effective date of the Plan was July 30, 2013 (the  Effective Date ). For
accounting purposes and convenience, the Effective Date was deemed to be July 1, 2013. There was very little activity between
July 1, 2013 and July 30, 2013.  

IMAGING3,
INC.   

   DEBTOR
IN POSSESSION   

   Notes
to Financial Statements   

   December
31, 2012, and 2011   

6.
PROPERTIES AND EQUIPMENT   

Net
property and equipment were as follows:  

Depreciation
expenses were $10,516 and 7,571 for the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2012, respectively.  

7.
ACCRUED EXPENSES   

Accrued
expenses consisted of the following:  

During
2003, the Company paid payroll net of taxes and accrued said taxes without payment due to cash flow limitations resulting from
a 2002 warehouse fire that incinerated our inventory. The Company subsequently received a tax lien in 2005 related to 2003 payroll
taxes from the Internal Revenue Service and continued to accrue interest and penalty charges. The original amount was $104,052.
In 2008, payments were made and the Internal Revenue Service issued a tax lien release for this amount and the liability carried
on the Company s books was relieved. In 2009, the Company was notified by the Internal Revenue Service that additional payroll
taxes, interest, and penalty charges were still owed. After researching, it is believed that the Internal Revenue Service double
booked the original payments made and released the lien in error. Settlement was reached and the Company is currently paying $2,000
per month on a total liability as of December 31, 2011 of $125,354, and as of December 31, 2012 of $104,035, including interest
and penalties, with a potential balloon payment in one year subject to re-negotiation after one year with the IRS.  

8.
INCOME TAXES   

The
Company s book losses and other timing differences result in a net deferred income tax benefit which is offset by a valuation
allowance for a net deferred asset of zero. The Company has concluded, in accordance with the applicable accounting standards,
that it is more likely than not that the Company may not realize the benefit of all of its deferred tax assets. Accordingly, management
has provided a 100% valuation allowance against its deferred tax assets until such time as management believes that its projections
of future profits as well as expected future tax rates make the realization of these deferred tax assets more-likely-than-not.
Significant judgment is required in the evaluation of deferred tax benefits and differences in future results from our estimates
could result in material differences in the realization of these assets. The Company has recorded a full valuation allowance related
to all of its deferred tax assets. The Company has performed an assessment of positive and negative evidence regarding the realization
of the net deferred tax asset in accordance with FASB ASC 740-10,  Accounting for Income Taxes.  This assessment included
the evaluation of scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities, the availability of carry forwards and estimates of projected
future taxable income. The availability of the Company s net operating loss carry forwards is subject to limitation if there
is a 50% or more change in the ownership of the Company s stock. The provision for income taxes consists of the state minimum
tax imposed on corporations of $800. The Company has adopted guidance issued by the FASB that clarifies the accounting for uncertainty
in income taxes recognized in an enterprise s financial statements and prescribes a recognition threshold of more likely
than not and a measurement process for financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to
be taken in a tax return. In making this assessment, a company must determine whether it is more likely than not that a tax position
will be sustained upon examination, based solely on the technical merits of the position and must assume that the tax position
will be examined by taxing authorities. The Company s policy is to include interest and penalties related to unrecognized
tax benefits in income tax expense. The Company has not recognized any unrecognized tax benefits and does not have any interest
or penalties related to uncertain tax positions as of December 31, 2012.  

As
of December 31, 2012, the Company is in process of determining the amount of Federal and State net operating loss carry forwards
( NOL ) available to offset future taxable income. The Company s NOLs expire through 2032. These NOLs may be
used to offset future taxable income, to the extent the Company generates any taxable income, and thereby reduce or eliminate
future federal income taxes otherwise payable. Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code imposes limitations on a corporation s
ability to utilize NOLs if it experiences an ownership change as defined in Section 382. In general terms, an ownership change
may result from transactions increasing the ownership of certain stockholders in the stock of a corporation by more than 50% over
a three-year period. In the event that an ownership change has occurred, or were to occur, utilization of the Company s
NOLs would be subject to an annual limitation under Section 382. Any unused annual limitation may be carried over to later years.
The Company could experience an ownership change under Section 382 as a result of events in the past in combination with events
in the future. If so, the use of the Company s NOLs, or a portion thereof, against future taxable income may be subject
to an annual limitation under Section 382, which may result in expiration of a portion of the NOLs before utilization. As of December
31, 2012, the Company estimated it had available gross net operating loss (NOL) carry forwards of $42 million, which expire at
various dates through 2032.  

IMAGING3,
INC.   

   DEBTOR
IN POSSESSION   

   Notes
to Financial Statements   

   December
31, 2012, and 2011   

The
components of the net deferred tax asset are summarized below:  

The
following is a reconciliation of the provision for income taxes at the U.S. federal income tax rate to the income taxes reflected
in the Statement of Operations:  

Income
tax expense consisted of the following:  

IMAGING3,
INC.   

   DEBTOR
IN POSSESSION   

   Notes
to Financial Statements   

   December
31, 2012, and 2011   

9.
CONVERTIBLE NOTES   

During
the year ended December 31, 2011, the Company issued secured convertible promissory notes in the total principal amount of $1,200,000
from which the Company received $1,000,000 of cash. The notes have no stated rate of interest. The convertible promissory note
is convertible into shares of the Company s common stock at a rate the lesser of (a) $0.10 per share, or (b) 80% of the
average of the three (3) lowest daily VWAP s (volume weighted average prices) during the 22 consecutive trading days immediately
preceding the applicable conversion date, but not less than $0.05 per share, subject to full ratchet anti-dilution provisions.
The notes included a total of 12,000,000 warrants that also have full ratchet anti-dilution provisions and other potential adjustments.
On their face, they are exercisable at $0.10 per share for a period of five years from the date of issue. The notes are secured
by all personal property of the company, including inventory, equipment, contract rights including all intangible assets, etc.
The Company incurred financing costs of $15,250 related to the issuance of the convertible note and warrants. These financing
costs have been deferred and are being amortized on a straight line basis over the life of convertible promissory note. It was
determined that the convertible notes and warrants included embedded derivatives.  

A
discount on the convertible promissory notes totaled $1,200,000 was amortized by $907,397. This discount is amortized using the
effective interest method over the term of the note. The debt discount amortization during the period ended December 31, 2012
was $909,016 and $292,603 for 2011. The other convertible notes payable totaling $342,950 at December 31, 2012 and taken on at
various dates between July 2012 and the end of the year had a discount of $71,545 booked of which $1,618 was amortized. The other
convertible notes all had five year terms and bore simple interest at the rate of 7% per annum, and were convertible at any time
principal and interest into common stock at a conversion price of $0.001 per share of common stock. The conversion from notes
to stock was completed as directed.  

10.
STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY   

Preferred
Stock   

On
November 17, 2011, the Company authorized the issuance of up to 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock. On March 20, 2012, the Company
issued 3,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock to the Company s Chief Executive Officer. These shares were valued at $532,391
and recognized as an expense between 2011 and 2012.  

Series
A Preferred Stock   

These
shares have the right to receive dividends, when declared, on a ratable basis with the holders of the Company s common stock
based on the number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock then outstanding in relation to the total number of shares of Series
A Preferred Stock and common stock then outstanding. These shares have voting rights that permit the holders to vote 350,000 votes
for each share of Series A Preferred Stock. The holders of Series A Preferred Stock will vote with the holders of common stock
as one class. In the event of liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the Company, the Series A Preferred Stock then outstanding
will be entitled to be paid a preference of $0.001 per share of the then outstanding Series A Preferred Stock.  

The
Company estimated the 3,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock granted on November 17, 2011 to an officer of the Company at the
fair market value of $288,014. These shares were issued subsequent to December 31, 2011, and as such have been recorded in Preferred
Stock Payable. The holder of this preferred stock along with other common share holdings, represent a controlling voting interest
in the Company. As a result, a determination of the control premium was determined to estimate the value of the shares. The control
premium is based on publicly traded companies or comparable entities which have been recently acquired in arm s length transactions.
This control premium was determined to be 10% of the market value of the common shares required for control on the date the shares
were granted. The market value of the common shares required to control the Company was $2,880,140 on the date of grant. The number
of common shares required for control is based on the number required to be held by the holder of the preferred stock in order
for the preferred stock to give that holder control of the Company. The Company performed the valuation with the assistance of
a valuation specialist.  

IMAGING3,
INC.   

   DEBTOR
IN POSSESSION   

   Notes
to Financial Statements   

   December
31, 2012, and 2011   

   Common
Stock   

During
the year ended December 31, 2011, the Company issued 20,811,084 shares of common stock for cash amounting to $1,040,554.  

During
the year ended December 31, 2011, the Company issued 1,685,135 shares of common stock for consulting services. The expenses amounted
to $140,500 based on the Company s closing stock price on the date of the issuance.  

During
the year ended December 31, 2011, the Company paid $5,500 in stock offering costs.  

During
the year ended December 31, 2011, the Company issued 2,427,590 shares of common stock to settle an amount expensed in a prior
period and recorded in accrued expenses. The total amount of $523,014 in accrued expenses was settled for stock in the amount
of $194,207 and cash to be paid of $156,616, generating a gain on the settlement of debt of $172,190. These shares were valued
at the fair market value on the day the transaction occurred.  

During
the year ended December 31, 2011, the Company issued 12,000,000 warrants to purchase 12,000,000 shares of common stock in connection
with the issuance of a secured convertible promissory note in the principal amount of $1,200,000 from which the Company received
$1,000,000 of cash. The convertible promissory note is convertible into shares of the Company s common stock at a rate the
lesser of (a) $0.10 per share, or (b) 80% of the average of the three (3) lowest daily VWAP s (volume weighted average prices)
during the 22 consecutive trading days immediately preceding the applicable conversion date, but not less than $0.05 per share,
subject to full ratchet anti-dilution provisions. The 12,000,000 warrants also have full ratchet anti-dilution provisions and
other potential adjustments. On their face, they are exercisable at $0.10 per share for a period of five years from the date of
issue. The Company incurred financing costs of $15,250 related to the issuance of the convertible note and warrants. These financing
costs have been deferred and are being amortized on a straight line basis over the life of convertible promissory note.  

During
the year ended December 31, 2011, the Company issued 9,043,619 shares of common stock for cashless warrants exercised during this
period. No gain or loss was recorded on the exercise of these warrants.  

During
the year ended December 31, 2011, the Company was involved in litigation with warrant holders and settled such litigation subsequent
to December 31, 2011. The Company recorded an accrual for an issuance of shares pursuant to this settlement in which a number
of shares equal to $275,000 divided by 80% of the closing sale price of the Company s common stock on the trading day immediately
preceding the entry of the date of the court order seeking approval of the settlement.  

The
following is a summary of select transactions involving common stock during the year ended December 31, 2012.  

11.
WARRANTS   

During
the year ended December 31, 2011, the Company issued 12,000,000 warrants to purchase 12,000,000 shares of common stock in connection
with the issuance of a secured convertible promissory note in the principal amount of $1,200,000 from which the Company received
$1,000,000 of cash. The 12,000,000 warrants also have full ratchet anti-dilution provisions and other potential adjustments. On
their face, they are exercisable at $0.10 per share for a period of five years from the date of issue. Also during the 2012 year,
a total of 8,403,362 warrants were converted on March 24, 2012, 6,273,859 warrants converted on April 17, 2012, 47,115,751 warrants
converted on April 5, 2012, and 16,100,000 warrants converted on May 2, 2012.  

IMAGING3,
INC.   

   DEBTOR
IN POSSESSION   

   Notes
to Financial Statements   

   December
31, 2012, and 2011   

12.
DERIVATIVE LIABILITY   

The
Company s only asset or liability measured at fair value on a recurring basis was its derivative liability associated with
warrants to purchase common stock and the conversion feature embedded in convertible promissory notes, all of which were cancelled
or settled with successor company shares and/or warrants on the effective date of the Company s Chapter 11 Reorganization
Plan.  

In
connection with previous financing transactions, the Company issued warrants to purchase common stock and convertible promissory
notes. These instruments included provisions that could result in a variable exercise price or a variable number of shares to
be issued based on specified full-ratchet anti-dilution provisions. The  reset  provisions were triggered in the event
the Company subsequently issued common stock, stock warrants, stock options or convertible debt with a stock price, exercise price
or conversion price lower than contractually specified amounts. Upon triggering the  reset  provisions, the exercise
/ conversion price of the instrument would be reduce and/or the number of shares issuable upon exercise / conversion of the instrument
would increase. In addition, the Company s convertible notes were convertible at a price based on a discount of 80% of the
volume weighted average price (VWAP) for a specified period prior to conversion. Accordingly, pursuant to ASC 815, these instruments
were not considered to be solely indexed to the Company s own stock and were not afforded equity treatment.  

The
following table summarizes activity in the Company s derivative liability for the years ended December 31, 2010 through
December 31, 2012:  

IMAGING3,
INC.   

   DEBTOR
IN POSSESSION   

   Notes
to Financial Statements   

   December
31, 2012, and 2011   

The
Company classifies the fair value of these derivative liabilities under level 3 of the fair value hierarchy of financial instruments.
The fair value of the derivative liability was calculated using a Monte Carlo simulation model that values the embedded derivatives
based on several inputs, assumptions and probabilities. This model is based on future projections of the various potential outcomes.
The embedded derivatives that were analyzed and incorporated into the model included the exercise feature with the full ratchet
reset and the conversion feature of the convertible promissory notes.  

The
Company utilized a third party valuation expert in determining the fair value of its derivative liabilities. The assumptions used
in the model include the following:  

The
warrant term ranged from 9 months to 60 months.  

        The
estimated volatility was 120% - 122%  

        The
risk free rate was 0.83% to 0.87%  

IMAGING3,
INC.   

   DEBTOR
IN POSSESSION   

   Notes
to Financial Statements   

   December
31, 2012, and 2011   

13.
SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOWS   

The
Company prepares its statements of cash flows using the indirect method.  

The
Company paid income taxes of $800 and interest of $16,140 during the year 2011. The Company paid income taxes of $800 and interest
of $975,988 during the year ending December 31, 2012.  

14.
GOING CONCERN   

The
Company s financial statements are prepared using the generally accepted accounting principles applicable to a going concern,
which contemplates the realization of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. In the year ended
December 31, 2012 the Company had net income of $2,636,484 and incurred a net loss of $17,926,713 in December 31, 2011. The Company
has an accumulated deficit of $32,090,020 as of December 31, 2012. In addition, the Company had negative cash flow from operating
activities amounting to $845,696 as of December 31, 2012. The continuing losses have adversely affected the liquidity of the Company.  

In
view of the matters described in the preceding paragraph, recoverability of a major portion of the recorded asset amounts shown
in the accompanying balance sheet is dependent upon continued operations of the Company, which in turn is dependent upon the Company s
ability to raise additional capital, obtain financing and to succeed in its future operations. The financial statements do not
include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or amounts and classification
of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern.  

Management
has taken the following steps to revise its operating and financial requirements, which it believes are sufficient to provide
the Company with the ability to continue as a going concern. Management devoted considerable effort during the years ended December
31, 2011 and 2012, toward (i) obtaining additional equity capital (ii) controlling salaries and general and administrative expenses,
(iii) management of accounts payable, (iv) evaluation of its distribution and marketing methods, and (v) increasing marketing
and sales. In order to control general and administrative expenses, the Company has established internal financial controls in
all areas, specifically in hiring and overhead cost. The Company has also established a hiring policy under which the Company
will refrain from hiring additional employees unless approved by the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. Accounts
payable are reviewed and approved or challenged on a daily basis and the sales staff is questioned as to the validity of any expense
on a monthly basis. Senior management reviews the annual budget to ascertain and question any variance from plan, on a quarterly
basis, and to anticipate and make adjustments as may be feasible.  

The
Company anticipates that further equity/debt financings will be necessary to continue to fund operations in the future and there
is no guarantee that such financings will be available or, if available, on acceptable terms.  

15.
COMMITMENTS   

The
Company has a facility lease agreement effective October 1, 2004 for five years with an option to extend for a 60 month period,
which the Company exercised effective October 1, 2009.  

IMAGING3,
INC.   

   DEBTOR
IN POSSESSION   

   Notes
to Financial Statements   

   December
31, 2012, and 2011   

Future
annual minimum lease commitments, excluding property taxes and insurance, payable at December 31, 2012 are approximately as follows:  

Rent
expenses for the leased facility were $132,840 for the years ended December 31, 2012, and 2011. The Company exercised its options
under the renewal lease agreement during the third quarter of 2009.  

16.
CONTINGENCIES   LITIGATION   

Partly
in connection with a fire at the Company s facility on or about February 19, 2002, in which the Company s manufacturing,
warehouse, and office facilities were substantially destroyed, the Company became engaged in litigation in several courts, all
of which have reached judgment or been settled or dismissed.  

On
November 29, 2011, we were served with a Motion to Compel Arbitration by Cranshire Capital, LLC and Freestone Advantage Partners,
LLC (collectively, the  Plaintiffs ), two warrant holders with whom we completed a private placement for the sale
of common stock and warrants for $1,000,000 in October 2010. The Plaintiffs allege that they are the holders of Series A Warrants,
Series B Warrants, and Series C Warrants (collectively, the  Warrants ) and that our entry into a transaction in October
2011 had the effect of triggering the anti-dilution provision in the Warrants. They allege that the effect of the application
of the anti-dilution provisions was to substantially lower the exercise price of the Warrants and increase the number of them.
On March 28, 2012, the Company settled this litigation and currently awaits court approval of the terms of the settlement. The
settlement includes the adjustment to the exercise price of the Series A and Series C warrants that results in an increase in
the number of shares issuable under these warrants. The parties agreed that under the Series A and Series C warrants, a number
of common shares of 105,042,042 and 105,042,042, respectively, remain issuable. The remaining Series B warrants were agreed by
both parties to be cancelled as of the date of the settlement and are no longer outstanding. The number of shares issuable under
this settlement agreement was included in the derivative valuation as of December 31, 2011. The parties agreed to exercise a portion
of the Series A warrants in exchange for 8,403,362 shares of common stock with a price to be paid of $100,000 in consideration
to the Company for such exercise. In addition, the warrant holders have promised to mandatorily exercise Series A and Series C
warrants for cash, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions on a monthly basis, such that the Company would receive cash
proceeds from the exercises thereof of $80,000 per month if the conditions for mandatory exercise for that month are satisfied.
The mandatory exercise provisions include minimum monthly common stock price requirements of at least $0.025 per share for 15
or more trading days in the calendar month, an average daily trading volume for that month of at least 250,000 shares, and certain
registration rights pertaining to the filing and effectiveness of registration statements.  

On
or about November 23, 2011, Cranshire Capital, LP, an Illinois limited partnership, filed an Application to Compel Arbitration
Under the Illinois Uniform Arbitration Act (case number 11 CH 40508 in the Circuit Court of Cook County, Illinois), regarding
a dispute concerning the issuance and pricing of warrants and shares issued by the Company. During March 2012, the Company issued
6,365,741 shares of common stock to settle this matter.  

On
or about October 27, 2011, Exhibit Source, Inc. filed an action (Civil Action No. 11-cv-7652) in the United States District Court
for the Northern District of Illinois. The plaintiff claims that a display used by the Company at an Illinois trade show violated
its copyright. The Company disputed the plaintiff s claims of copyright infringement. It is believed that this matter was
resolved in the Company s bankruptcy proceeding.  

On
May 16, 2012, the Company and its directors were named in a Complaint purporting to be a shareholder s derivative action
by John M. Vuksich, Plaintiff. The action was filed in the Glendale Superior Court (North Central District) as case number EC058516.
This action was stayed by the Company s bankruptcy filing, and is believed to have been disposed of in that bankruptcy case
subject to appeals.  

On
September 13, 2012, the Company filed  In re Imaging3, Inc. , Case No. 2:12-bk-41206-NB (Bankr. C.D. Ca.) (the  Bankruptcy
Case ), a voluntary petition under Chapter 11 of Title 11 of the United States Code. The Company s plan of reorganization
thereunder (the  Plan ) was confirmed on July 9, 2013 pursuant to the court s Order Confirming Debtor s
First Amended Chapter 11 Plan of Reorganization Dated March 5, 2013, as Modified (the  Order ). Pursuant to the Order,
the Plan became effective on July 30, 2013 ( Effective Date ). The Plan requires that the Company pay certain obligations
on the Effective Date of the Plan. Of the Company s obligations under the Plan, the Company is delinquent with regard to
the obligations described in the chart below:  

Table
of Contents  

Section
IV, F of the Plan provides  A creditor or party in interest may bring a motion to convert or dismiss the case under  
1112(b), after the Plan is confirmed, if there is a default in performing the Plan. If the Court orders the case converted to
Chapter 7 after the Plan is confirmed, then all property that had been property of the Chapter 11 estate, and that has not been
disbursed pursuant to the Plan, will revest in the Chapter 7 estate, and the automatic stay will be reimposed upon the revested
property only to the extent that relief from stay was not previously granted by the Court during this case.   

In
addition, appeals of four of the Court s orders in the Bankruptcy Case remain outstanding, specifically:  

Order
Denying Motion to Dismiss Chapter 11 Case, Case No.: 13-56695 (9th Cir.), appeal filed September 30, 2013, appealing the District
Court s dismissal of the initial appeal of the order.  

Order
Disallowing Claims Nos. 23 and 24, Case No.: 14-55499 (9th Cir.), appeal filed March 31, 2014, appealing the District Court s
order affirming the order of the Bankruptcy Court.  

Order
Denying Motion for Abandonment of Potential Claims Against Officers and Directors, Case No.: 14-55521 (9th Cir.), appeal filed
April 2, 2014, appealing the District Court s order affirming the order of the Bankruptcy Court.  

Order
Confirming Debtor s First Amended Plan, Case No.: 14-55466 (9th Cir.), appeal filed March 24, 2014, appealing the District
Court s order affirming in part and reversing in part the order of the Bankruptcy Court.  

The
above appeals are scheduled for hearing at the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals on December 9, 2015.  

The
Company was involved in the following additional litigation:  Securities and Exchange Commission v. Imaging3   Dean Janes ,
Civil Action No. CV13-04616 GAF (AJWx) (U.S. Dist. Ct., C.D. Ca.), for which Fulbright   Jaworski LLP is counsel of record.
The Company settled this action by entering into a Deferred Prosecution Agreement with the SEC in which the Company covenanted
to comply with federal and state securities laws through December 31, 2017, among other covenants.  

In
2009, the Company was notified by the Internal Revenue Service that additional payroll taxes, interest, and penalty charges were
still owed. After researching, it is believed that the Internal Revenue Service double booked the original payments made and released
the lien in error. Settlement was reached and the Company is currently paying $2,000 per month on a total liability of $49,881
as of May 17, 2016, including interest and penalties, with a potential balloon payment in one year subject to re-negotiation after
one year with the IRS. The Company has hired tax counsel to re-negotiate the current tax debt with the IRS.  

17.
RELATED PARTY TRANSACTION   

The
Company has a consulting agreement with the Chief Executive Officer of the Company under which he receives compensation of $12,000
per month. The Chief Executive Officer provides management, administrative, marketing, and financial services to the Company pursuant
to the consulting agreement which is terminable on 30 days notice by either party. The consulting agreement commenced on January
1, 2002 and continued until the adoption of the Company s Chapter 11 Reorganization Plan, when it was terminated. As of
December 31,2012, the Company owed the former CEO $350,000 pursuant to this consulting agreement and advances, all of which were
settled by the issuance of common shares pursuant to the Company s Chapter 11 Reorganization Plan.  

18.
CONCENTRATIONS   

Three
customers represent 33%, 12%, and 11%, respectively, of accounts receivable as of December 31, 2012. These balances were collected
subsequent to December 31, 2012. There were no revenue concentrations to disclose for the period ended December 31, 2012.  

Three
customers represented 19%, and 18%, respectively, of the Company s accounts receivable as of December 31, 2011. These balances
were collected subsequent to December 31, 2011. There were no revenue concentrations to disclose for the period ended December
31, 2011.  

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE.   

None.  

ITEM
9A. CONTROL AND PROCEDURES   

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures   

We
carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive
officer and principal financial officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)). Based upon that evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer
concluded that, as of the end of the period covered in this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective
to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is
recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the required time periods and is accumulated and communicated to our management,
including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosure.  

Our
management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls
and procedures or our internal controls will prevent all error or fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated,
can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of
a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and the benefits of controls must be considered relative
to their costs. Due to the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance
that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. To address the material weaknesses, we performed additional
analysis and other post-closing procedures in an effort to ensure our consolidated financial statements included in this annual
report have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Accordingly, management believes that the
financial statements included in this report fairly present in all material respects our financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows for the periods presented.  

Management s
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting   

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule
13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control
over financial reporting as of December 31, 2012. In making this assessment, our management used the criteria set forth by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ( COSO ) in Internal Control-Integrated Framework
(1992 Framework). A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting,
such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not
be prevented or detected on a timely basis. We have identified the following material weaknesses:  

1.
As of December 31, 2012, we did not maintain effective controls over financial statement disclosure. Specifically, controls were
not designed and in place to ensure that all disclosures required were originally addressed in our financial statements. Accordingly,
management has determined that this control deficiency constitutes a material weakness.  

2.
As of December 31, 2012 we did not maintain adequate segregation of duties. Accordingly, management has determined that this control
deficiently constitutes a material weakness.  

Because
of these material weaknesses, management has concluded that we did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting
as of December 31, 2012, based on the criteria established in  Internal Control-Integrated Framework  issued by the
COSO.  

Independent
Registered Accountant s Internal Control Attestation   

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of our public accounting firm regarding our internal control over financial
reporting.  

Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting   

There
have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting through the date of this report or during the quarter ended
December 31, 2012, that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial
reporting.  

Corrective
Action   

In
December 2011, the Company added Raul Carrega to its board of directors and appointed him as the chairman of the audit committee.
Management believes that Mr. Carrega qualifies as an audit committee  financial expert  as defined in Item 407(d)(5)(ii)
of Regulation S-K. Management plans to make future investments in the continuing education of our accounting and financial staff.
Specifically, we plan to seek specific public company accounting training during 2015. Improvements in our disclosure controls
and procedures and in our internal control over financial reporting will, however, depend on our ability to add additional financial
personnel and independent directors to provide more internal checks and balances. We believe we will be able to commence achieving
these goals once our sales and cash flow grow and our financial condition improves.  

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION   

On
May 1, 2012, we entered into a waiver (the  Waiver ) with Gemini Master Fund, Ltd., Alpha Capital Anstalt, Brio Capital,
L.P. and Context Partners Fund, L.P. (collectively, the  Waiver Purchasers ) pursuant to which the Waiver Purchasers
agreed to waive compliance with Section 6(g) of those certain Senior Secured Notes Due October 3, 2012 in the aggregate original
principal amount of $1,200,000 ( Waiver Notes ) in connection with any Subsequent Issuance in any primarily capital
raising transaction in consideration for which the Company agreed to (a) reduce the Fixed Price and Floor Price under the Waiver
Notes to $0.0119, (b) reduce the Exercise Price under the Warrants to $0.0119, and (c) inversely proportionately increase the
number of Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants, such that the number of Warrant Shares for which each Warrant
is currently exercisable is as follows:  

To
the extent there have been any notices of conversion or exercise submitted by the Waiver Purchasers under the Waiver Notes or
Warrants, respectively, on or after March 28, 2012 and prior to the date hereof (a) the applicable Conversion Price and Exercise
Price under such notices shall be retroactively reduced to equal $0.0119, the applicable number of Warrant Shares shall be retroactively
inversely proportionately increased.  

During
the period July 17, 2012 to December 31, 2012, we sold $342,950 aggregate principal amount of our 7% Secured Convertible Promissory
Notes due June 30, 2017. The convertible notes are convertible into less than 5% of the Company s issued and outstanding
common stock and are secured by all of the assets of the Company. As of July 31, 2013, all of these notes have been converted
into a total of 19,567,931 shares of common stock.  

Any
proceeds from the sale of the notes will be used for the costs associated with our bankruptcy case, the completion of the Company s
501(k) application to the Food and Drug Administration for clearance of its 3D medical imaging technology and device and for general
working capital.  

The
foregoing securities discussed in this Item 9B have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities
Act ) or any state securities laws, and, unless so registered, may not be offered or sold in the United States or to, or
for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons absent registration or pursuant to an applicable exemption from, or in a transaction
not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act and state securities laws.  

PART
III   

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE   

The
following table lists our executive officers and directors as of December 31, 2012:  

Name            
        Age                 
      Position   

Dean
    Janes*           
           47            
      Chairman
    of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer   

Xavier
    Aguilera          
           64            
      Executive
    Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Corporate Secretary and Director   

Christopher
    Sohn**           
           52            
      President,
    Chief Operating Officer, and Director   

Raul
    Carrega           
           47            
      Chairman
    of Audit Committee   

Haykaz
    Balian           
           38            
      Director,
    Vice President of Operations   

*
Resigned as an officer and director of the Company on December 12, 2013 and was replaced by Dane Medley on that same date, although
Mr. Medley started with the Company, as a consultant, on October 1, 2013. Mr. Dane Medley s resume is also below the table.  

**Resigned
as a director on March 31, 2012.  

Dean
Janes   has been our chairman and chief executive officer since our inception in October 1993. Mr. Janes founded Imaging
Services, Inc. in October 1993 which changed its name to Imaging3, Inc. in 2002. Mr. Janes was the president and chief executive
officer of Imaging Services, Inc. from 1993 to 2001, where his responsibilities included business development and overseeing operations,
sales and marketing, operations and finance. In 2001 Mr. Janes brought Mr. Christopher Sohn on as president and chief operating
officer with Mr. Janes taking the position of chairman and chief executive officer. His duties remain the same with the exception
of directly overseeing operations and finance. Prior to founding Imaging3, Mr. Janes worked for COHR, Center for Health Resources,
from 1992 to 1993 as a Senior Field Service Engineer. His job responsibilities included technical support for junior engineers
and business development of service contracts and revenues for all makes of medical imaging equipment. From 1991 to 1992, Mr.
Janes worked for Toshiba American Medical Corporation, where his job title was National Technical Support Engineer. His primary
responsibilities were to assist service engineers throughout the United States with problems and design errors with Cath Labs
and Angio Suites. He served as a conduit between Japan and the Service Engineers in the United States. From 1990 to 1991, Mr.
Janes worked for OEC Medical Systems, Inc. as a Senior Field Service Engineer, where his responsibilities were to maintain, repair
and install c-arms and urology systems in the Southern California area. From 1988 to 1990 Mr. Janes worked for Kaiser Medical
Physics as an in-house X-ray Service Engineer for Kaiser Harbor City Hospital. His responsibilities were to maintain and repair
medical imaging equipment within the hospital and three outlying clinics. Mr. Janes also served in the United States Army Reserves
as a Biomedical engineer, where his service was from 1983 to 1991, with a tour in the first Gulf War from December 1990 to April
1991. He majored in Bio-Medical Electronic Engineering at the University of Colorado Technical Institute (1984-1988). Mr. Janes
is the principal inventor of Imaging3 real-time 3D medical diagnostic imaging technology. Mr. Janes is a member of MENSA.  

Mr.
Jane s qualifications:  

Leadership
    experience - Chairman of the board, founder and chief executive officer of Imaging3 since our inception in October 1993.   

Finance
    experience - As founder and chief executive officer, Mr. Janes has supervised our financial management since our inception.   

Industry
    experience - Mr. Janes is the founder of Imaging3 who has developed and implemented our business plan since inception, and
    is managing our submissions to the FDA. He has senior management experience with OEC Medical Systems, Inc., Kaiser Medical
    Physics, the Center for Health Resources and other firms in the industry.   

Government
    experience - Mr. Janes served in the United States Army Reserves as a Biomedical engineer.   

Technology
    and education experience - Mr. Janes is an inventor of our proprietary real time 3D medical diagnostic imaging technology,
    is a member of MENSA, and majored in Bio-Medical Engineering at the University of Colorado Technical Institute   

Xavier
Aguilera   has been our executive vice president, chief financial officer, and corporate secretary since June 1999 and a
director since 2005. Mr. Aguilera s responsibilities include managing our finances, accounting, taxes, credit facilities
and interfacing and developing new relationships with banks and other financial institutions. Prior to working for Imaging3, Mr.
Aguilera was self-employed as a consultant for Xavier Aguilera   Associates from 1997 to 1999. His responsibilities were to
manage and open primary healthcare facilities throughout Southern California. He provided property management, estate planning,
credit facility and Import/Export consulting for several businesses in Southern California. From 1995 to 1997, Mr. Aguilera was
the chief administrative officer for East Los Angeles Doctors Hospital, where his responsibilities were to manage administrative
personnel within the hospital, manage public relations, business development and JCAHO compliance. From 1992 to 1995, Mr. Aguilera
was the chief executive officer for El Centro Human Services Corporation, where his responsibilities were to develop and implement
a community based mental health facility consisting of eight satellite centers. He managed a $9.4 million budget and a full time
staff of 240 employees. From 1990 to 1992, Mr. Aguilera was a deputy director/administrator for Northeast Community Clinic, where
his responsibilities were to implement and administer the clinics health programs and oversee operations. From 1988 to 1990, Mr.
Aguilera was self-employed as a consultant for finance, management and international finance. He provided these services to banks
as well as businesses throughout Southern California. From 1987 to 1988, Mr. Aguilera was vice president of international banking
marketing for California Commerce Bank, where his responsibilities were to manage and administer a $14 million portfolio, develop
new business in the Southern California with Hispanic businesses and develop business relationships with Northern Mexico businesses
and banks. From 1981 to 1987, Mr. Aguilera was an assistant general manager/deputy director for Banco Nacional de Mexico (BANAMEX).
He was responsible for $60 million in new deposits as well as new business development and management of commercial and personal
lending departments. He holds a bachelor degree in business from California State University at Northridge (1983) and a certificate
of medical management from the University of California at Los Angeles (1995).  

Mr.
Aguilera s qualifications:  

Leadership
    experience   Executive vice president, chief financial officer and corporate secretary of Imaging3  since June
    1999 and chairman of the audit committee since 2003.   

Finance
    experience   Mr. Aguilera is currently our chief financial officer and had extensive experience in  financial management
    with other companies prior to joining us in June 1999.   

Industry
    experience - Mr. Aguilera has over 25 years of financial and management experience in the medical  and banking industries.   

Technology
    and education experience - Mr. Aguilera has a bachelor degree in business from California State University at Northridge and
    a certificate of medical management from the University of California at Los Angeles.   

Christopher
Sohn   has been our president and chief operating officer since June 2001 and a director since January 2011. As chief operating
officer for Imaging3, Mr. Sohn s responsibilities include developing international sales, marketing and resourcing network,
organizing and strategizing with manufacturing companies and researching new sources of products from developing countries for
import into the United States, overseeing of business operations and human resources. Prior to working for Imaging3, Mr. Sohn
was president and chief executive officer of DMI, Inc. from 1994 to 2000. As chief executive officer for an international trading
company of diagnostic medical imaging system, Mr. Sohn s main responsibility was to develop business relationships and dealer
networks in Central and South American markets, connecting this with the needs of Asian medical equipment manufactures as well
as manufactures in the United States and North America. Mr. Sohn has also organized and participated in more than a dozen medical
exhibitions during this period including the Hospitalar (Brazil 1995-2000), and RSNA during the same period. From 2000 to 2001,
Mr. Sohn was chief executive officer of ISOL America, Inc., where his responsibilities included starting up an overseas headquarters
for the parent company ISOL Korea in the United States as well as setting up a distribution and dealer network in the United States,
Central and South America for ISOL s products, which included MRI, Magnetic Resonance Imaging and Bone Desitometry Systems.
Mr. Sohn also assisted in our efforts to achieve FDA and UL approval of its products as well as researching manufacturing partners
for the assembly and manufacture of ISOL products within the United States. Mr. Sohn majored in biochemistry and computer science
at the University of California at Los Angeles (1978-1982).  

Mr.
Sohn s qualifications:  

Leadership
    experience   President and chief operating officer of Imaging3 since June 2001, and previously president and chief executive
    officer of DMI, Inc., an international trading company for diagnostic medical imaging systems.   

Industry
    experience - Mr. Sohn has organized and participated in more than a dozen medical exhibitions and  serves and has served
    in senior management positions with us and other firms in the medical imaging  systems industry.   

Technology
    and education experience - Mr. Sohn majored in biochemistry and computer science at the  University of California at
    Los Angeles.   

Raul
Carrega, CPA   has been a director and the chairman of our audit committee since December 20, 2011. He has over 20 years
of experience in Certified Public Accounting. His experiences not only include tax research and compliance functions but tax projections
for individual corporations, partnerships and fiduciaries. He has audited pension plans for non-profit organizations and other
companies. Mr. Carrega earned a Bachelor of Science Degree in Accounting from California State University Northridge and has affiliations
with the CalCPA Peer Review Program.  

Mr.
Carrega s qualifications:  

Leadership
    experience   Mr. Carrega s current company is a registered firm, with the Public Company Accounting Oversight
    Board.   

Financial
    experience   Mr. Carrega is an Engagement Quality Reviewer for various registered firms. He has experience with the
    preparation of audits for various companies. He audits pension plans, non-profit organizations and other companies. He has
    represented clients before all tax authorities, including the IRS, Franchise Tax Board, State Board of Equalization and local
    cities. He has handled compliance with federal, state and local tax laws and regulations for major clients.   

Haykaz
Balian   has been the Vice President of Operations of the Company since July 2005. Prior to July 2005, Mr. Balian was the
Director of Operations for us from June 2000 to July 2005. From September 1998 to June 2000, Mr. Balian was the Service Manager
for the Company, and from June 1996 until September 1998, Mr. Balian was a Field Service Engineer for the Company. Mr. Balian
has an Associate Degree in Electrical Engineering from ITT Technical Institute which he earned in 1996.  

Dane
Medley   has been our chairman and chief executive officer since December 12, 2013, prior to which he was a consultant to
Imaging3 from October 2013 to December 2013. Mr. Medley has over 10 years of experience in senior management in the electronics
service industry. In January 2013, Mr. Medley founded 360 DTI, a copier service and sales company which he operated until he joined
Imaging3 on October 1, 2013. From April 2007 to December 2012, Mr. Medley served as Senior VP Service   Operations of Socal
Office Technologies, a subsidiary of Xerox Corporation, where he acquired broad experience in operations, branch management, and
administrative management and was responsible for managing a $75M service department, along with training, inventory control,
field operations, print management, and profit and loss responsibilities. From 2002 to 2007, Mr. Medley worked for Sharp Electronics
as a regional manager in charge of a five state territory responsible for the growth and development of 55 dealerships. Mr. Medley
served for four years in the United States Air Force as a satellite communications specialist. He played both football and baseball
for the USAF European alliance for two years. He attended the University of Maryland and Casper College with a focus on business
process and management.  

Mr.
Medley s qualifications:  

Leadership
    experience   Mr. Medley has been the chairman of the board and chief executive officer of Imaging3 since December 2013
    and was Senior VP Service   Operations for Socal Office Technologies, a subsidiary of Xerox Corporation.   

Industry
                experience - Mr. Medley has served as our chairman and chief executive officer since December 2013, implementing
                our business plan and supervising our planned resubmission to the FDA.   

Government
                                         experience - Mr. Medley served for four years in the United States Air Force as a satellite
                                         communications specialist.   

Technology
    and education experience - As Senior VP Service   Operations of Socal Office Technologies and regional manager of Sharp
    Electronics Mr. Medley has over ten years of experience in senior management in the electronics service industry. He also
    attended the University of Maryland and Casper College with a focus on business process and management.   

No
officer or director is required to make any specific amount or percentage of his business time available to us. Each of our officers
intends to devote such amount of his or her time to our affairs as is required or deemed appropriate by us.  

Limitation
of Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors   

Under
the California Corporation Code, our directors will have no personal liability to us or our stockholders for monetary damages
incurred as the result of the breach or alleged breach by a director of his  duty of care.  This provision does not
apply to the directors  (i) acts or omissions that involve intentional misconduct or a knowing and culpable violation of
law, (ii) acts or omissions that a director believes to be contrary to the best interests of the corporation or its shareholders
or that involve the absence of good faith on the part of the director, (iii) approval of any transaction from which a director
derives an improper personal benefit, (iv) acts or omissions that show a reckless disregard for the director s duty to the
corporation or its shareholders in circumstances in which the director was aware, or should have been aware, in the ordinary course
of performing a director s duties, of a risk of serious injury to the corporation or its shareholders, (v) acts or omissions
that constituted an unexcused pattern of inattention that amounts to an abdication of the director s duty to the corporation
or its shareholders, or (vi) approval of an unlawful dividend, distribution, stock repurchase or redemption. This provision would
generally absolve directors of personal liability for negligence in the performance of duties, including gross negligence.  

The
California Corporations Code grants corporations the right to indemnify their directors, officers, employees and agents in accordance
with applicable law. Our bylaws provide for indemnification of such persons to the full extent allowable under applicable law.
These provisions will not alter the liability of the directors under federal securities laws.  

We
intend to enter into agreements to indemnify our directors and officers, in addition to the indemnification provided for in our
bylaws. These agreements, among other things, indemnify our directors and officers for certain expenses (including attorneys 
fees), judgments, fines, and settlement amounts incurred by any such person in any action or proceeding, including any action
by or in the right of Imaging3, arising out of such person s services as a director or officer of Imgagin3, any subsidiary
of Imaging3 or any other company or enterprise to which the person provides services at our request. We believe that these provisions
and agreements are necessary to attract and retain qualified directors and officers.  

Insofar
as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers or persons controlling
us pursuant to the foregoing provisions, we have been informed that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission,
such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is therefore unenforceable.  

Board
Committees   

Our
board of directors has appointed an audit committee. As of December 31, 2012, the sole member of the audit committee is Raul Carrega.
The board of directors has adopted a written charter of the audit committee. The audit committee is authorized by the board of
directors to review, with our independent accountants, our annual financial statements prior to publication, and to review the
work of, and approve non-audit services performed by, such independent accountants. The audit committee will make annual recommendations
to the board for the appointment of independent public accountants for the ensuing year. The audit committee will also review
the effectiveness of the financial and accounting functions and our organization, operations and management. The audit committee
was formed on August 31, 2003. The audit committee held two meetings during fiscal year ended December 31, 2012.  

Our
board of directors does not have a compensation committee so all decisions with respect to management compensation are made by
the whole board. Our board of directors does not have a nominating committee. Therefore, the selection of persons or election
to the board of directors was neither independently made nor negotiated at arm s length.  

Report
of the Audit Committee   

Our
audit committee has reviewed and discussed our audited financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2012 with senior
management. The audit committee has reviewed and discussed with management our audited financial statements. The audit committee
has also discussed with Rose, Snyder and Jacobs LLP ( RSJ ), our independent auditors, the matters required to be
discussed and received the written disclosures and the letter from RSJ concerning independence. The audit committee has discussed
with RSJ the independence of RSJ as our auditors. Finally, the audit committee has considered whether the independent auditor s
provision of non-audit services to us is compatible with the auditors  independence. Based on the foregoing, our audit committee
has recommended to the board of directors that our audited financial statements be included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2012 for filing with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. Our audit committee
did not submit a formal report regarding its findings.  

AUDIT
COMMITTEE   

Raul
Carrega   

Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary set forth in any of our previous or future filings under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, that might incorporate this report in future filings with the Securities and Exchange
Commission, in whole or in part, the foregoing report shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any such filing.  

Code
of Conduct   

We
have adopted a code of conduct that applies to all of its directors, officers and employees. The text of the code of conduct has
been posted on our Internet website and can be viewed at www.imaging3.com. Any waiver of the provisions of the code of conduct
for executive officers and directors may be made only by our audit committee or the full board of directors and, in the case of
a waiver for members of the audit committee, by the board of directors. Any such waivers will be promptly disclosed to our shareholders.  

Compliance
with Section 16(A) of Exchange Act   

Our
affiliates who are members of our management comply with Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, even though
we do not have securities registered under Section 12 of Exchange Act. Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires a registrant s
officers and directors, and certain persons who own more than 10% of a registered class of a registrant s equity securities
(collectively,  Reporting Persons ), to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership ( Section 16 Reports )
with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Reporting Persons are required by the SEC to furnish the registrant with copies of
all Section 16 Reports they file.  

Based
solely on our review of the copies of such Section 16 Reports received by us, or written representations received from certain
Reporting Persons, all Section 16(a) filing requirements that would be applicable to our Reporting Persons during and with respect
to the fiscal year ended December 31, 2011, Mr. Janes, our chief executive officer, filed one Form 4 late covering a total of
one transaction. For transactions occurring during the fiscal year ending December 31, 2012, Mr. Dane Medley the current chief
executive officer will file the appropriate form.  

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION   

Compensation
Discussion and Analysis   

The
following Compensation Discussion and Analysis describes the material elements of compensation for our executive officers identified
in the Summary Compensation Table ( Named Executive Officers ), and executive officers that we may hire in the future.
As more fully described below, our board of directors makes all decisions for the total direct compensation of our executive officers,
including the Named Executive Officers. We do not have a compensation committee, so all decisions with respect to management compensation
are made by the whole board.  

Compensation
Program Objectives and Rewards   

Our
compensation philosophy is based on the premise of attracting, retaining, and motivating exceptional leaders, setting high goals,
working toward the common objectives of meeting the expectations of customers and stockholders, and rewarding outstanding performance.
Following this philosophy, in determining executive compensation, we consider all relevant factors, such as the competition for
talent, our desire to link pay with performance in the future, the use of equity to align executive interests with those of our
stockholders, individual contributions, teamwork and performance, and each executive s total compensation package. We strive
to accomplish these objectives by compensating all executives with total compensation packages consisting of a combination of
competitive base salary and, once we grow more and increase our staff, incentive compensation. Because of our small size and staff
to date, we have not yet adopted a management equity incentive plan, nor have we yet used equity incentives as part of our management
compensation policy.  

While
we have not hired at the executive level significantly since inception because our business has not grown sufficiently to justify
increasing staff, we expect to grow and hire in the future. Our Named Executive Officers have been with us for many years and
their compensation has basically been static, based primarily on levels at which we can afford to retain them, and their responsibilities
and individual contributions. To date, we have not applied a formal compensation program to determine the compensation of the
Named Executives. In the future, as we and our management team expand, our board of directors expects to add independent members,
form a compensation committee comprised of independent directors, adopt a management equity incentive plan and apply the compensation
philosophy and policies described in this section of the Form 10-K.  

The
primary purpose of the compensation and benefits described below is to attract, retain and motivate highly talented individuals
when we do hire, who will engage in the behaviors necessary to enable us to succeed in our mission while upholding our values
in a highly competitive marketplace. Different elements are designed to engender different behaviors, and the actual incentive
amounts which may be awarded to each Named Executive Officer are subject to the annual review of the board of directors. The following
is a brief description of the key elements of our planned executive compensation structure.  

Base
    salary and benefits are designed to attract and retain employees over time.   

Incentive
    compensation awards are designed to focus employees on the business objectives for a particular year.   

Equity
    incentive awards, such as stock options and non-vested stock, focus executives  efforts on the behaviors within the
    recipients  control that they believe are designed to ensure our long-term success as reflected in increases to our
    stock prices over a period of several years, growth in our profitability and other elements.   

Severance
    and change in control plans are designed to facilitate a company s ability to attract and retain executives as it competes
    for talented employees in a marketplace where such protections are commonly offered. We currently have not given separation
    benefits to any of our Name Executive Officers.   

Benchmarking   

We
have not yet adopted benchmarking but may do so in the future. When making compensation decisions, our board of directors may
compare each element of compensation paid to our Named Executive Officers against a report showing comparable compensation metrics
from a group that includes both publicly-traded and privately-held companies. Our board believes that while such peer group benchmarks
are a point of reference for measurement, they are not necessarily a determining factor in setting executive compensation as each
executive officer s compensation relative to the benchmark varies based on scope of responsibility and time in the position.
We have not yet formally established our peer group for this purpose.  

The
Elements of Imaging3 s Compensation Program   

Base
Salary   

Executive
officer base salaries are based on job responsibilities and individual contribution. The board reviews the base salaries of our
executive officers, including our Named Executive Officers, considering factors such as corporate progress toward achieving objectives
(without reference to any specific performance-related targets) and individual performance experience and expertise. None of our
Named Executive Officers have employment agreements with us. Additional factors reviewed by the board of directors in determining
appropriate base salary levels and raises include subjective factors related to corporate and individual performance. For the
year ended December 31, 2012, all executive officer base salary decisions were approved by the board of directors.  

Our
board of directors determines base salaries for the Named Executive Officers at the beginning of each fiscal year, and the board
proposes new base salary amounts, if appropriate, based on its evaluation of individual performance and expected future contributions.
We do not have a 401(k) Plan, but if we adopt one in the future, base salary would be the only element of compensation that would
be used in determining the amount of contributions permitted under the 401(k) Plan.  

Incentive
Compensation Awards   

The
Named Executives have not been paid bonuses and our board of directors has not yet established a formal compensation policy for
the determination of bonuses. If our revenue grows and bonuses become affordable and justifiable, we expect to use the following
parameters in justifying and quantifying bonuses for our Named Executive Officers and other officers of Imaging3: (1) the growth
in our revenue, (2) the growth in our earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, as adjusted ( EBITDA ),
and (3) our stock price. The board has not adopted specific performance goals and target bonus amounts for any of its fiscal years,
but may do so in the future.  

Equity
Incentive Awards   

Our
board has not yet adopted a management equity incentive plan and no stock options or other equity incentive awards have yet been
made to any of our Named Executives or other officers or employees of Imaging3. As stated previously, in the future we plan to
adopt a formal management equity incentive plan pursuant to which we plan to grant stock options and make restricted stock awards
to members of management, which would not be assignable during the executive s life, except for certain gifts to family
members or trusts that benefit family members. These equity incentive awards, we believe, would motivate our employees to work
to improve our business and stock price performance, thereby further linking the interests of our senior management and our stockholders.
The board will consider several factors in determining whether awards are granted to an executive officer, including those previously
described, as well as the executive s position, his or her performance and responsibilities, and the amount of options or
other awards, if any, currently held by the officer and their vesting schedule. Our policy will prohibit backdating options or
granting them retroactively.  

Benefits
and Prerequisites   

At
this stage of our business we have limited benefits and no prerequisites for our employees other than health insurance and vacation
benefits that are generally comparable to those offered by other small private and public companies or as may be required by applicable
state employment laws. We do not have a 401(k) Plan or any other retirement plan for our Named Executive Officers. We may adopt
these plans and confer other fringe benefits for our executive officers in the future if our business grows sufficiently to enable
us to afford them.  

Separation
and Change in Control Arrangements   

We
did not have any employment agreements or the year ending 12/31/2012 with our Named Executive Officers or any other executive
officer or employee of Imaging3. None of them are eligible for specific benefits or payments if their employment or engagement
terminates in a separation or if there is a change of control.  

Executive
Compensation   

The
following table summarizes compensation paid or accrued by us for the years ended December 31, 2011 and December 31, 2012 for
services rendered in all capacities, by our chief executive officer and our other most highly compensated executive officers during
the fiscal years ended December 31, 2011 and December 31, 2012.  

Summary
Compensation Table   

(1)  
      All
    officers serve at will without employment contracts except that Dean Janes is employed under a consulting agreement under
    which we pay Mr. Janes approximately $12,000 per month until either party terminates the Agreement on 30 days written notice.   

Employment
Agreements   

We
have not entered into any employment agreements with our executive officers to date, and do not intend to enter into employment
agreements with them at this time. We may enter into employment agreements with them in the future.  

Dean
Janes, our former chief executive officer, is engaged pursuant to a consulting agreement.  

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End   

None
of our executive officers received any equity awards during the year ended December 31, 2012.  

Employee
Benefit Plans   

We
have not yet, but may in the future, establish a management stock option plan pursuant to which stock options may be authorized
and granted to the executive officers, directors, employees and key consultants of Imaging3. In the event we establish the stock
option plan, we expect to authorize approximately 16,000,000 shares or more for future issuance.  

Director
Compensation   

None
of our directors received any compensation for their respective services rendered to us as directors during the year ended December
31, 2012.  

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS   

The
following table sets forth the names of our executive officers and directors and all persons known by us to beneficially own 5%
or more of the issued and outstanding common stock of Imaging3 at December 31, 2012. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance
with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission. In computing the number of shares beneficially owned by a person and
the percentage of ownership of that person, shares of common stock subject to options held by that person that are currently exercisable
or become exercisable within 60 days of December 31, 2012 are deemed outstanding even if they have not actually been exercised.
Those shares, however, are not deemed outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. The
percentage ownership of each beneficial owner is based on 565,291,689 outstanding shares of common stock. The table does not reflect
the outstanding Series A Preferred Stock pursuant to which its holder has the equivalent of 1,050,000,000 votes. Except as otherwise
listed below, the address of each person is c/o Imaging3, Inc., 3200 W. Valhalla Drive, Burbank, California 91505. Except as indicated,
each person listed below has sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares set forth opposite such person s
name.  

(1)  
      Except
    as pursuant to applicable community property laws, the persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with
    respect to all shares of common stock beneficially owned. The total number of issued and outstanding shares and the total
    number of shares owned by each person does not include unexercised warrants and stock options, and is calculated as of March
    7, 2011.   

(2)  
      Does
    not include 125,000 shares of our common stock owned by Alliance Acquisitions Inc. Mr. Janes is an officer, director, and
    minority shareholder of Alliance Acquisitions, Inc., however, he disclaims any beneficial ownership of the shares of our common
    stock owned by Alliance Acquisitions, Inc. because he has no dispositive or voting power over those shares. Does not include
    1.05 billion votes held by Mr. Janes by virtue of his ownership of 3,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock.   

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE   

Mr.
Janes was engaged pursuant to a consulting agreement for $12,000 per month plus expenses until December 12, 2013. The Agreement
was terminable by either party on 30 days written notice. As of December 31, 2012, we owe Mr. Janes $350,001 under the consulting
agreement and pursuant to outstanding promissory notes for loans made by him to us, bearing no interest and payable on demand.
These amounts due to Mr. Janes were ultimately settled and cancelled in the Company s bankruptcy reorganization plan.  

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES   

Since
January 5, 2009, M K CPAS, PLLC has been our principal auditing firm. The audit committee approved the engagement of M K
CPAS, PLLC before M K CPAS, PLLC rendered audit services to us. However, on January 2015, we changed our auditors to Rose,
Snyder   Jacobs, LLP.  

Each
year the retention of the independent auditor to audit our financial statements, including the associated fee, is approved by
the board of directors before the filing of the previous year s Annual Report on Form 10-K.  

(1)  
      Audit
    Fees consist of fees for the audit of our financial statements and review of the financial statements included in our quarterly
    reports. Of these amounts, $53,950 was paid to M K CPAS, PLLC during the year ending December 31, 2011, and $26,000 was
    paid during the year ending December 31, 2012.   

(2)  
      Tax
    fees consist of fees for the preparation of original federal and state income tax returns and fees for miscellaneous tax consulting
    services.   

Pre-Approval
Policies and Procedures of Audit and Non-Audit Services of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm   

The
audit committee s policy is to pre-approve, typically at the beginning of our fiscal year, all audit and non-audit services,
other than de minimis non-audit services, to be provided by an independent registered public accounting firm. These services may
include, among others, audit services, audit-related services, tax services and other services and such services are generally
subject to a specific budget. The independent registered public accounting firm and management are required to periodically report
to the full board of directors regarding the extent of services provided by the independent registered public accounting firm
in accordance with this pre-approval, and the fees for the services performed to date. As part of the board s review, the
board will evaluate other known potential engagements of the independent auditor, including the scope of work proposed to be performed
and the proposed fees, and approve or reject each service, taking into account whether the services are permissible under applicable
law and the possible impact of each non-audit service on the independent auditor s independence from management. At audit
committee meetings throughout the year, the auditor and management may present subsequent services for approval. Typically, these
would be services such as due diligence for an acquisition, that would not have been known at the beginning of the year.  

The
audit committee has considered the provision of non-audit services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm
to be compatible with maintaining their independence. The audit committee will continue to approve all audit and permissible non-audit
services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm.  

PART
IV   

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES   

Exhibits  

(1)  
      Incorporated
    by reference to the Form 10SB/A Registration Statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commissioner on December 9,
    2002.   

(2)  
      Incorporated
    by reference to Amendment No. 2 to Form SB-2 Registration Statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October
    6, 2004.   

(3)  
      Incorporated
    by reference to Amendment No. 3 to Form SB-2 Registration Statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October
    21, 2004.   

(4)  
      Incorporated
    by reference to Amendment No. 5 to Form SB-2 Registration Statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April
    18, 2005.   

(5)  
      Incorporated
    by reference to Amendment No. 6 to Form SB-2 Registration Statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July
    7, 2005.   

(6)  
      Incorporated
    by reference to Amendment No. 8 to Form SB-2 Registration Statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September
    9, 2005.   

(7)  
      Incorporated
    by reference to the Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 30, 2010.   

(8)  
      Incorporated
    by reference to the Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 5, 2010.   

(9)  
      Incorporated
    by reference to the Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 21, 2010.   

(10)  
      Incorporated
    by reference to the Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, dated March 20, 2012.   

(11)  
      Incorporated
    by reference to the Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, dated October 4, 2011.   

(12)  
              
       Incorporated
                                         by reference to the Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
                                         dated March 29, 2012.  

(13)  
       Incorporated
                                         by reference to the Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
                                         dated May 5, 2012.  

SIGNATURES   

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused
this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.  

IMAGING3,
    INC.    

Dated:
December 20, 2016  
      By:  
       /s/
    Dane Medley    

Dane
    Medley   

Chairman
    of the Board and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer)   

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this report has been signed below by the following persons
on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.  

By:
      
       /s/
    Dane Medley   
         
      Dated:
    December 20, 2016   

Dane
    Medley, Chairman of the Board and Chief  

Executive
    Officer (Principal Executive Officer)  

By:  
       /s/
    Xavier Aguilera   
         
      Dated:
    December 20, 2016   

Xavier
    Aguilera, Chief Financial Officer/Treasurer,  

Executive
    Vice President, Corporate Secretary, and  

Director
    (Principal Financial/Accounting Officer)  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31-1.htm

EXHIBIT
31.1  

SECTION
302 CERTIFICATION  

I,
Dane Medley, certify that:  

1.  
      I
    have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Imaging3, Inc.;   

2.  
      Based
    on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
    to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
    to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based
    on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
    material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
    presented in this report;   

4.  
      The
    registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
    and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
    defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a.  
      Designed
    such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
    to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
    us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b.  
      Designed
    such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
    our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
    statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c.  
      Evaluated
    the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
    about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based
    on such evaluation; and   

d.  
      Disclosed
    in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
    most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
    affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

5.  
      The
    registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on Imaging3 s most recent evaluation of internal
    control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board
    of directors (of persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a.  
      All
    significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
    are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
    information; and  

b.  
      Any
    fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the small business
    issuer s internal control over financial reporting.   

Dated:
    December 20, 2016  

By:  
       /s/
    Dane Medley    

Dane
    Medley, Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal
    Executive Officer)  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31-2.htm

EXHIBIT
31.2  

SECTION
302 CERTIFICATION  

I,
Xavier Aguilera, certify that:  

1.  
      I
    have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Imaging3, Inc.;   

2.  
      Based
    on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
    to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
    to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based
    on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
    material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
    presented in this report;   

4.  
      The
    registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
    and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
    defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a.  
      Designed
    such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
    to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
    us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b.  
      Designed
    such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
    our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
    statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c.  
      Evaluated
    the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
    about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based
    on such evaluation; and   

d.  
      Disclosed
    in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
    most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
    affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

5.  
      The
    registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on Imaging3 s most recent evaluation of internal
    control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board
    of directors (of persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a.  
      All
    significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
    are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
    information; and   

b.  
      Any
    fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the small business
    issuer s internal control over financial reporting.   

Dated:
December 20, 2016  

By:  
       /s/
    Xavier Aguilera   

Xavier
    Aguilera, Chief Financial Officer/Treasurer  

(Principal
    Financial/Accounting Officer)  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32-1.htm

EXHIBIT
32.1  

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO  

  18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

In
connection with the Annual Report of Imaging3, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31,
2012 (the  Report ) I, Dane Medley, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 USC Section 1350,
as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge and belief:  

(1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company.  

Dated:
December 20, 2016  

By:  
       /s/
    Dane Medley   

Dane
    Medley, Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal
    Executive Officer)  

This
certification accompanies the Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent
required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended.  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex32-2.htm

EXHIBIT
32.2  

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO  

  18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

In
connection with the Annual Report of Imaging3, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31,
2012 (the  Report ) I, Xavier Aguilera, Chief Financial Officer/Treasurer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18
USC Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge and belief:  

(1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company.  

Dated:
December 20, 2016  

By:        
       /s/
    Xavier Aguilera   

Xavier
    Aguilera, Chief Financial Officer/Treasurer  

(Principal
    Financial/Accounting Officer)  

This
certification accompanies the Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent
required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended.  

</EX-32.2>

