<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_1408710_0001193125-16-764312_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5882274</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>239531</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>375516</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>867208</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2721858</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1479098</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>43</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-764312.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109160315
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-764312
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		94
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Fabrinet
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001408710
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	TELEPHONE & TELEGRAPH APPARATUS [3661]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34775
		FILM NUMBER:		161984195

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5/6 MOO 6,  SOI KHUNPRA, PHAHOLYOTHIN RD
		STREET 2:		KLONGNUENG, KLONGLUANG
		CITY:			PATUMTHANEE
		STATE:			W1
		ZIP:			12120
		BUSINESS PHONE:		662-524-9600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5/6 MOO 6,  SOI KHUNPRA, PHAHOLYOTHIN RD
		STREET 2:		KLONGNUENG, KLONGLUANG
		CITY:			PATUMTHANEE
		STATE:			W1
		ZIP:			12120

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-764312.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 d193780d10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Form 10-Q 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES   
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
  Washington, D.C. 20549        
       FORM 10-Q

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016   
  OR       
 
  Commission File Number: 001-34775        
       FABRINET
     (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)   

Cayman Islands  
   
  Not Applicable   
 
    (State or other jurisdiction of  
  incorporation or organization)   
   
    (I.R.S. Employer  
  Identification No.)    

c/o Intertrust Corporate Services (Cayman) Limited  
  190 Elgin Avenue     George
Town     Grand Cayman  
  Cayman Islands   
   
  KY1-9005   
 
  (Address of principal executive offices)  
   
  (Zip Code)   
    +66 2-524-9600   
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code)  
         
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
(the  Exchange Act ) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days:    Yes         No       
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required
to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such
files).    Yes         No      
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See
the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer,  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.      

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
   
      (Do not check if smaller reporting company) 
    
 Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act).         Yes         No  
 As of November 4, 2016, the registrant had 36,856,532 ordinary shares, $0.01 par value, outstanding.  

Table of Contents  

   FABRINET   
  FORM 10-Q      QUARTER ENDED
SEPTEMBER 30, 2016        Table of Contents   

Page No.  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION    

3 

Item 1. Financial Statements    

3 

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and June
24, 2016   

3 

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income
 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and September 25, 2015   

4 

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the three months
 ended September 30, 2016 and September 25, 2015   

5 

Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   

6 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
 Results of Operations    

26 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
Risk    

37 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures    

38 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION    

39 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings    

39 

Item 1A. Risk Factors    

39 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of
Proceeds    

53 

Item 6. Exhibits    

53 

Signature    

54 

Exhibit Index    

55 

2  

Table of Contents  

     PART I: FINANCIAL INFORMATION   
    ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
  FABRINET       
 UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS       
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements.
 
      3  

Table of Contents  

   FABRINET   
    UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME   
   
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements.
 
      4  

Table of Contents  

   FABRINET   
    UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   
   
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements.
 
      5  

Table of Contents  

   FABRINET   
    NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
  (in thousands of U.S. dollars unless otherwise noted)       

1.  
  Business and organization        General   
 Fabrinet ( Fabrinet  or the  Parent Company ) was incorporated on August 12, 1999, and commenced operations on
January 1, 2000. The Parent Company is an exempted company incorporated in the Cayman Islands, British West Indies. The  Company  refers to Fabrinet and its subsidiaries as a group.  
 The Company provides advanced optical packaging and precision optical, electro-mechanical and electronic manufacturing services to original
equipment manufacturers ( OEMs ) of complex products, such as optical communication components, modules and sub-systems, industrial lasers, medical devices and sensors. The Company offers a broad range of advanced optical and
electro-mechanical capabilities across the entire manufacturing process, including process design and engineering, supply chain management, manufacturing, complex printed circuit board assembly, advanced packaging, integration, final assembly and
testing. The Company focuses primarily on the production of low-volume, high-mix products. The principal subsidiaries of Fabrinet include Fabrinet Co., Ltd. ( Fabrinet Thailand ), Casix, Inc. ( Casix ) and Fabrinet West, Inc.
( Fabrinet West ).      

2.  
  Accounting policies         Basis of presentation    
 The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements for Fabrinet as of September 30, 2016 and for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 and September 25, 2015 includes normal recurring adjustments, necessary for a fair presentation of the financial statements set forth herein, in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America ( U.S. GAAP ) for interim financial information and the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). Accordingly, such information does not include all of the information and footnotes required
by U.S. GAAP for annual financial statements. For further information, please refer to the consolidated financial statements and footnotes thereto included in Fabrinet s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 24, 2016.  
 The balance sheet as of June 24, 2016 has been derived from the audited financial statements at that date but does not include all of the
information and footnotes required by U.S. GAAP for complete financial statements. The results for the three months ended September 30, 2016 may not be indicative of results for the year ending June 30, 2017 or any future periods.  
 Where necessary, comparative figures have been reclassified to conform to the current period accounting policies and presentation adopted.  
 On September 14, 2016, the Company acquired 100% of the shares of Global CEM Solutions, Ltd. and all of its subsidiaries, a privately-held
group located in Wiltshire, United Kingdom ( Exception EMS ). The unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements of the Company include the financial position, results of operations and the cash flows of Exception EMS
commencing as of the acquisition date. See Note 8 - Business acquisitions for further details on the accounting for this transaction.  
   Use of Estimates    
 The preparation of the Company s condensed consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make
estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amount of total revenues and expenses during the year. The
Company bases estimates on historical experience and various assumptions about the future that are believed to be reasonable based on available information. The Company s reported financial position or results of operations may be materially
different under different conditions or when using different estimates and assumptions, particularly with respect to significant accounting policies, which are discussed below. Significant assumptions are used in accounting for share-based
compensation, allowance for doubtful accounts, income taxes, inventory obsolescence and valuation of intangible assets related to business acquisition, among others. Due to the inherent uncertainty involved in making estimates, actual results
reported in future periods may be different from these estimates. In the event that estimates or assumptions prove to differ from actual results, adjustments will be made in subsequent periods to reflect more current information.  
      6  

Table of Contents  

    Fiscal years    
 The Company utilizes a 52-53 week fiscal year ending on the Friday in June closest to June 30. The three months ended September 30, 2016 and
September 25, 2015 each consisted of 14 weeks and 13 weeks, respectively. Fiscal year 2017 will be comprised of 53 weeks and will end on June 30, 2017.  
   Concentration of credit risk    
 Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist of cash and cash equivalents, marketable
securities, derivatives, and accounts receivable.    Cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities are maintained with several financial
institutions. Deposits held with banks may exceed the amount of insurance provided on such deposits. Generally, these deposits may be redeemed upon demand and are maintained with financial institutions with reputable credit and therefore bear
minimal credit risk. The Company seeks to mitigate its credit risks by spreading such risks across multiple counterparties and monitoring the risk profiles of these counterparties. The Company limits its investments in marketable securities to
securities with a maturity not in excess of three years, and all marketable securities that the Company invests in are rated A1, P-1, F1, or better.  
 The Company performs ongoing credit evaluations for credit worthiness of its customers and usually does not require collateral from its
customers. Management has implemented a program to closely monitor near term cash collection and credit exposures to mitigate any material losses.  
   Derivatives      The
derivatives assets and liabilities are recognized on the consolidated balance sheets as other current assets or accrued expenses measured at fair value.  
 The Company applies hedge accounting to arrangements that qualify and are designated for cash flow hedge accounting treatment. Hedge accounting
is discontinued prospectively if the hedging relationship ceases to be effective or the hedging or hedged items cease to exist as a result of maturity, sale, termination or cancellation.  
 Derivatives designated and qualifying as hedges of the exposure to variability in expected future cash flows, or other types of forecasted
transactions, are considered cash flow hedges which include forward currency contracts. In a cash flow hedging relationship, the effective portion of the change in the fair value of the hedging derivative is initially recorded in accumulated
other comprehensive income (loss) ( AOCI ), while any ineffective portion is recognized directly in earnings, as a component of other income (expense). The portion of gain or loss on the derivative instrument remains in AOCI until the
forecasted transaction is recognized in earnings.    The Company also enters into derivative contracts that are intended to economically
hedge certain of the Company s risks. The changes in the fair value of the derivatives are recorded directly in earnings as a component of other income (expense), net. In accordance with the fair value measurement guidance, the Company s
accounting policy is to measure the credit risk of its derivative financial instruments that are subject to master netting agreements on a net basis by counterparty portfolio. The Company executes derivative instruments with financial institutions
that are credit-worthy, defined as institutions that hold an investment grade credit rating.      Business acquisition    
 For the acquisition of Exception EMS, the Company allocated the fair value of purchase consideration to the assets acquired and liability
assumed based on their fair values at the acquisition date. The total consideration and the allocation of consideration to the individual net assets is preliminary, as there are remaining uncertainties to be resolved, including the settlement of the
final net working capital adjustment and the finalization of the estimated fair value attributable to the acquired intangible assets.    The
acquired intangible assets include customer relationships and backlog and are recorded as intangibles in the unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets. The fair value of the acquired intangible assets was determined based on the multi-period
excess earnings method. The Company reviews intangibles for impairment annually or whenever changes or circumstances indicate the carrying amount may not be recoverable.  
      7  

Table of Contents  

  In connection with the business acquisition, $3.4 million of cash for deferred consideration was
placed into an escrow account which is under the Company controls. However, the Company has contractually agreed to remit this deferred consideration to the sellers of Exception EMS, subject to the resolution of claims that the Company may make
against the funds with respect to indemnification and other claims within 24 months from the closing date of the transaction. The cash is presented as restricted cash in the unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets and the related liability
is presented within non-current liabilities for the deferred consideration.      Goodwill    
 Goodwill arising from the acquisition is primarily attributable to the ability to expand future products and services and the assembled
workforce. Goodwill is reviewed annually for impairment or more frequently whenever changes or circumstances indicate the carrying amount of goodwill may not be recoverable.  
   Capital lease    
 Certain machine and equipment held under capital leases are classified as property, plant and equipment and amortized using the straight-line
method over the terms of the lease contracts. The related obligations from the capital lease are recorded as liabilities in the unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets.  
   New Accounting Pronouncements   not yet adopted by the Company    
 In October 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2016-16,
 Income Taxes (Topic 740)   Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other Than Inventory,  which eliminates the exception for an intra-entity transfer of an asset other than inventory that prohibits the recognition of current and deferred
income taxes until the asset has been sold to an outside party. The entity should recognize income tax consequences of an intra-entity transfer of assets other than inventory when the transfer occurs. For public entities, this update is effective
for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim reporting periods within those annual reporting periods. Early adoption is permitted for all entities as of the beginning of an annual reporting period for which
financial statements have not been issued or made available for issuance. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this update on its consolidated financial statements.  
 In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15,  Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments (a consensus of the Emerging
Issues Task Force).  The amendments in this ASU provide guidance on the presentation of certain cash receipts and cash payments in the statement of cash flows in order to reduce diversity in existing practice. The amendments in ASU 2016-15 are
effective for public business entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim period. The Company is currently evaluating the
impact of the adoption of this update on its consolidated financial statements.    In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13,  Financial
Instruments   Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments.  The amendments in this ASU replace the incurred loss impairment methodology in current GAAP with a methodology that reflects expected
credit losses and requires consideration of a broader range of reasonable and supportable information to inform credit loss estimates. The amendments are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, including interim periods
within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this update on its
consolidated financial statements.    In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,  Compensation   Stock Compensation (Topic
718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting.  This ASU simplifies several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment award transactions, including, the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity
or liabilities and classification on the statement of cash flows. The amendments in this update are effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods, for public
companies. Early adoption is permitted for any entity in any interim or annual period. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this update on its consolidated financial statements.  
      8  

Table of Contents  

  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-05,  Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815),  to
clarify that a change in the counterparty to a derivative instrument that has been designated as a hedging instrument under Topic 815, does not, in and of itself, require designation of the hedging relationship, provided that all other hedge
accounting criteria continue to be met. This guidance is effective for public entities for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016 and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. The
Company is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this update on its consolidated financial statements.    In February 2016, the
FASB issued ASU 2016-02,  Lease (Topic 842).  The core principle of Topic 842 is that a lessee should recognize the lease assets and liabilities that arise from leases in the statement of financial position. For public business entities,
this update is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early application is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this update on its
consolidated financial statements.    In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-01,  Financial Instruments   Overall (Subtopic
825-10): Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities.  This new guidance requires certain equity investments to be measured at fair value, use of the exit price notion and separate presentation of financial assets
and financial liabilities by measurement category and form of financial asset on the balance sheet or the accompanying notes to the financial statements. The ASU on recognition and measurement will take effect for public companies for fiscal years
beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this update on its consolidated financial statements.  
 In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-11,  Inventory (Topic 330): Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory.  The update provides the
guidance that an entity, that measured inventory by using first-in, first-out or average cost, should measure inventory at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Subsequent measurement is unchanged for inventory measured using last-in,
first-out or the retail inventory method. The update is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within these fiscal years. This update should be applied prospectively with earlier application permitted
as of the beginning of an interim or annual reporting date. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this update on its consolidated financial statements.  
 In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-15,  Presentation of Financial Statements   Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40): Disclosure of
Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern.  The amendments require management to evaluate, for each annual and interim reporting period, an entity s ability to continue as a going concern when relevant
conditions and events, considered in the aggregate, indicate that it is probable that the entity will be unable to meet its obligations that become due within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued (or available to be
issued). This ASU is effective for annual periods and interim reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016. The Company does not expect that the adoption of this update will have an effect on its consolidated financial statements.  
 In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606), issued as a new Topic, Accounting Standards
Codification.  The core principle of this amendment is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be
entitled in exchange for those goods or services. This update is effective for public companies, as amended by ASU 2015-14, for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within that reporting period.
Earlier application of this guidance is permitted, but not before the original date of December 15, 2016, which can be adopted either retrospectively to each prior reporting period presented or as a cumulative-effect adjustment as of the date of
adoption. Subsequently, in March 2016 and April 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-08 and ASU 2016-10, to clarify the implementation guidance on principle versus agent considerations and address the potential diversity in practice at initial application
and cost; and the complexity of applying Topic 606, both at transition and on an ongoing basis related to identification of performance obligations and licensing arrangements; and ASU 2016-12, in May 2016, to improve in certain aspects of Topic 606,
with the same effective date as ASU 2015-14. The Company will adopt this standard during its fiscal year ending June 28, 2018. In the current period, the Company is assessing the contracts with its customers to identify the impact to its
consolidated financial statements. The process is still ongoing and the Company expects to make significant progress in the coming quarters.  
      9  

Table of Contents  

    New Accounting Pronouncements   adopted by the Company    
 In November 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-17,  Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes,  which will require entities to
present deferred tax assets ( DTAs ) and deferred tax liabilities ( DTLs ) as non-current in a classified balance sheet. The ASU simplifies the current guidance, which requires entities to separately present DTAs and DTLs as
current and non-current in a classified balance sheet. The Company adopted of this update early. Accordingly, as of September 30, 2016, DTAs of $1.2 million were classified to non-current in the unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets.
The Company adopted this update on a prospective basis and did not change the presentation of the comparative period.    In September 2015,
the FASB issued ASU 2015-16,  Business Combinations (Topic 805): Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement-Period Adjustments  which require an acquirer to recognize adjustments to provisional amounts that are identified during the
measurement period in the reporting period in which the adjustment amounts are determined. The Company has adopted of this update and applied it on a prospective basis.  
 In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-03,  Interest   Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30): Simplifying the Presentation of
Debt Issuance Costs.  The update requires debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of the related debt liability instead of being presented as an
asset. Debt disclosures will include the face amount of the debt liability and the effective interest rate. The update requires retrospective application and represents a change in accounting principle. Additionally, in August 2015, the FASB issued
ASU 2015-15,  Interest   Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30): Presentation and Subsequent Measurement of Debt Issuance Costs Associated with Line-of-Credit Arrangements  to amend ASU 2015-03. The Company has adopted this
amendment retrospectively. As of September 30, 2016 and June 24, 2016, debt issuance costs of $0.5 million and $0.6 million, respectively, related to a recognized debt liability are presented in the balance sheet as a direct reduction of the
carrying amount of the related debts.    In February 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-02,  Consolidation (Topic 810): Amendments to the
Consolidation Analysis.  ASU No. 2015-02 amended the process that a reporting entity must perform to determine whether it should consolidate certain types of legal entities. The Company has adopted this update with no impact to the unaudited
condensed consolidated financial statements.    In January 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-01,  Income Statement   Extraordinary and
Unusual Items (Subtopic 225-20): Simplifying Income Statement Presentation by Eliminating the Concept of Extraordinary Items.  The objective of this amendment is to reduce the complexity in accounting standards by eliminating the concept of
extraordinary items from U.S. GAAP. To meet for extraordinary classification the underlying event or transaction should (a) possess a high degree of abnormality and be of a type clearly unrelated to, or only incidentally related to, the ordinary and
typical activities of the entity and (b) not reasonably be expected to recur in the foreseeable future. The Company has adopted this update with no impact to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements.  
      10  

Table of Contents  

3.  
  Earnings per ordinary share       Basic earnings per ordinary share is computed by dividing
reported net income by the weighted-average number of ordinary shares outstanding during each period. Diluted earnings per ordinary share is computed by calculating the effect of potential dilutive ordinary shares outstanding during the period using
the treasury stock method. Dilutive ordinary equivalent shares consist of share options, restricted share units and performance share units. Earnings per ordinary share was calculated as follows:  

(1)  
   These share options were not included in the computation of diluted earnings per ordinary share because the exercise price of the options was greater than the average
market price of the underlying shares.        

4.  
  Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities       The Company s cash, cash
equivalents, and marketable securities can be analyzed as follows:      

11  

Table of Contents  

  All highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less at the date of
purchase are classified as cash equivalents. Management determines the appropriate classification of its investments at the time of purchase and reevaluates the designations at each balance sheet date. The Company may sell certain of its marketable
securities prior to their stated maturities for strategic reasons including, but not limited to, anticipation of credit deterioration and duration management. The maturities of the Company s marketable securities generally range from three
months to three years. The Company s investments in marketable securities consist of investments in U.S. Treasuries and fixed income securities and have been classified and accounted for as available-for-sale.  
 The following table summarizes the cost and estimated fair value of marketable securities classified as available-for-sale securities based on
stated effective maturities as of September 30, 2016:      
   During the three months ended September 30, 2016, the Company recognized a realized loss of $0.1 million from
sales and maturities of available-for-sale securities.    As of September 30, 2016, the Company considered the declines in market value of
its marketable securities investment portfolio to be temporary in nature and did not consider any of its securities other-than-temporarily impaired. The Company typically invests in highly-rated securities, and its investment policy generally limits
the amount of credit exposure to any one issuer. The policy requires investments generally to be investment grade, with the primary objective of minimizing the potential risk of principal loss. Fair values were determined for each individual
security in the investment portfolio. When evaluating an investment for other-than-temporary impairment, the Company reviews factors such as the length of time and extent to which fair value has been below its cost basis, the financial condition of
the issuer and any changes thereto, changes in market interest rates, and the Company s intent to sell, or whether it is more likely than not it will be required to sell, the investment before recovery of the investment s cost basis. No
impairment losses were recorded for the three months ended September 30, 2016.    As of September 30, 2016, cash, cash equivalents, and
marketable securities included bank deposits of $40.0 million held in various financial institutions located in the United States in order to support the availability of the Facility Agreement (as defined in Note 11) and comply with covenants. As
discussed in Note 11, under the terms and conditions of the Facility Agreement, the Company shall maintain cash, cash equivalents and/or marketable securities in an aggregate amount not less than $40.0 million in unencumbered deposits, and/or
securities in accounts located in the United States at all times during the term of the Facility Agreement. The Company must comply with the covenant from and after the effective date of the Facility Agreement.  

5.  
  Fair value of financial instruments       Fair value is defined as the exchange price that
would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. A fair value
hierarchy is established which requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs for the valuation of an asset or liability as of measurement date. The three levels of inputs that may be used to
measure fair value are defined as follows:    Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or
liabilities.    Level 2 inputs are inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for assets or liabilities,
either directly or indirectly. If the assets or liabilities have a specified (contractual) term, Level 2 inputs must be observable for substantially the full term of assets or liabilities.  
 Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for assets or liabilities, which require the reporting entity to develop its own valuation techniques
and assumptions.    The Company utilizes the market approach to measure fair value for its financial assets and liabilities. The market
approach uses prices and other relevant information generated by market transactions involving identical or comparable assets or liabilities.  
      12  

Table of Contents  

  The following table provides details of the financial instruments measured at fair value on a
recurring basis, including:      

(1)    
   Foreign currency forward contracts with notional amount of $42.5 million and Canadian dollars 0.4 million.    

(2)   
 Foreign currency forward contracts with notional amount of $7.0 million.    

(3)   
 Foreign currency forward contracts with notional amount of $77.5 million and Canadian dollars 0.6 million.    
  Derivative Financial Instruments   
 As a result of foreign currency rate fluctuations, the U.S. dollar equivalent values of the Company s foreign currency denominated assets
and liabilities change. The Company uses foreign currency contracts to manage the foreign exchange risk associated with certain foreign currency denominated assets and liabilities and other foreign currency transactions. The Company minimizes the
credit risk in derivative instruments by limiting its exposure to any single counterparty and by entering into derivative instruments only with counterparties that meet the Company s minimum credit quality standard. As of September 30,
2016, the Company recognized the fair value of foreign currency forward contracts of $0.05 million as derivative liabilities in the unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheet. As of June 24, 2016, the Company recognized the fair value of foreign
currency forward contracts of $0.2 million as derivative assets and $1.7 million as derivative liabilities in the unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets.  
 As of September 30, 2016, the Company had no foreign currency forward contract, designated as cash flow hedges. During the three months ended
September 30, 2016, the Company discontinued cash flow hedges and recognized a gain from unwinding these forward contracts of $0.3 million in the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. A gain of $0.01
million in AOCI for the three months ended September 30, 2016 is expected to be reclassified into the earnings within the next 12 months.  
      13  

Table of Contents  

  As of September 30, 2016, the Company had nine outstanding foreign currency forward contracts
with notional amount of $42.5 million and Canadian dollars 0.4 million, maturing during October to December 2016. These foreign currency forward contracts were not designated for hedge accounting and were used to hedge fluctuations in the U.S.
dollar value of forecasted transactions denominated in Thai baht and Canadian dollar. During the three months ended September 30, 2016, the Company included unrealized loss of $0.05 million from changes in the fair value of foreign currency
contracts in earnings in the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income.    As of September 25, 2015,
the Company had 42 outstanding foreign currency options with notional amount of $11.0 million and forward contracts with notional amount of $169.5 million, Canadian dollars 1.0 million and Japanese yen of 0.1 million, maturing during September 2015
to December 2016. These foreign currency forward contracts and options were not designated for hedge accounting and were used to hedge fluctuations in the U.S. dollar value of forecasted transactions denominated in Thai baht and Canadian dollar.
During the three months ended September 25, 2015, the Company included unrealized gain of $12.1 million from changes in the fair value of foreign currency contracts in earnings in the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations and
comprehensive income.      

6.  
  Trade accounts receivable, net         
   As of September 30, 2016, trade accounts receivable of $1.7 million were secured to short-term loans from bank
(see Note 11).      

7.  
  Inventory         

8.  
  Business acquisition       On September 14, 2016, the Company acquired 100% of the
shares of Exception EMS, a privately-held group located in Wiltshire, United Kingdom, for cash consideration of approximately $13.0 million, net of $0.5 million cash acquired. Exception EMS provides contract electronics manufacturing services
to the global electronics industry with innovative solutions, adding value to the design, manufacture and testing of printed circuit board assemblies. Pursuant to the acquisition agreement, the Company has placed $3.4 million of cash for deferred
consideration in an escrow account which is under the Company controls. However, the Company has contractually agreed to remit this deferred consideration to the sellers of Exception EMS, subject to the resolution of claims that the Company may make
against the funds with respect to indemnification and other claims, within 24 months from the closing date of the transaction.  
      14  

Table of Contents  

  The Company has concluded it is the accounting acquirer for in the transaction and accounted for
the acquisition under the provisions of business combinations accounting, in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification Topic 805   Business Combinations. Accordingly, the estimated fair value of the acquisition consideration was
allocated to the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed based on their respective fair values on the acquisition date. The Company has made certain estimates and assumptions in determining the allocation of the acquisition consideration.  
 The total consideration and the allocation of consideration to the individual Exception EMS net assets is preliminary, as there are remaining
uncertainties to be resolved, including the settlement of the final net working capital adjustment and the finalization of the estimated fair value attributable to the acquired intangible assets. As the functional currency of Exception EMS is Pound
sterling, as of September 30, 2016, the Company recognized $0.7 million of foreign exchange currency translation adjustment in its unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income.  
 The Company s preliminary allocation of the total purchase price for the acquisition is summarized below:  
   
   In connection with the Company s acquisition of Exception EMS, the Company assumed lease agreements for
certain machine and equipment, which are accounted for as capital leases. As of September 30, 2016, the Company included approximately $2.2 million of capital lease assets and $1.7 million of capital lease liability in the unaudited condensed
consolidated balance sheets associated with these acquired lease agreements.    During the three months ended September 30,
2016, the Company incurred approximately $1.1 million, in transaction costs related to the acquisition, which primarily consisted of legal, accounting and valuation-related expenses. These expenses were recorded in selling, general and
administrative expense in the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income.    Pro forma
results of operations for the acquisition have not been presented as they were not material to the Company s results of operations.  
   Identifiable intangibles    
 The acquired intangible assets include customer relationships and backlog. The fair value of the identified intangible assets was determined
based on the multi-period excess earnings method.    Customer relationships represent the fair value of future projected revenues that was
derived from the sale of products to existing customers of the acquired company. The fair value $4.4 million of customer relationships will be amortized over the respective estimated remaining useful life of ten years.  
 Backlog represents the fair value of sales orders backlog as of the valuation date. The fair value $0.1 million of backlog will be amortized
over the respective estimated remaining useful life of three years.  
      15  

Table of Contents  

    Goodwill    
 Goodwill arising from the acquisition is primarily attributable to the ability to expand future products and services and the assembled
workforce. Goodwill is not deductible for tax purposes.      

9.  
  Intangibles       The following tables present details of the Company s intangibles:
     
   In connection with the acquisition of Exception EMS, the Company recorded $4.4 million of customer
relationships and $0.1 million of backlog with the weighted-average life of 7.6 years and 2.3 years, respectively.    The Company recorded
amortization expense relating to intangibles of $0.03 million and $0.01 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and September 25, 2015, respectively.  
 Based on the carrying amount of intangibles as of September 30, 2016, and assuming no future impairment of the underlying assets, the estimated
future amortization during each fiscal year was as follows:      
     
   In connection with the acquisition of Exception EMS, the Company recorded $3.0
million of goodwill in the unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets.    The changes in the carrying amount of goodwill were as
follows;      
 
      16  

Table of Contents  

  Goodwill is not deductible for tax purposes. Goodwill will not be amortized but is reviewed
annually for impairment or more frequently whenever changes or circumstances indicate the carrying amount of goodwill may not be recoverable.      
   The Company s total borrowings, including short-term and long-term
borrowings, consisted of the following:      

(1)   
 LIBOR is London Interbank Offered Rate.    
 
 Under the long-term borrowing contract of a subsidiary, the loan is secured by certain property, plant and equipment of the subsidiary. The
carrying amount of assets secured and pledged as collateral to such loan as of September 30, 2016 and June 24, 2016 was $47.0 million and $47.7 million, respectively. This subsidiary is also required to comply with maximum ratios of debt to equity
and minimum levels of debt service coverage ratios, and Fabrinet must maintain an effective shareholding ratio. The carrying amounts of bank borrowings approximate their fair value.  
 As of September 30, 2016 and June 24, 2016, the Company was in compliance with its bank borrowing agreements. In addition to financial ratios,
certain of the Company s credit facilities include customary events of default.    The movements of long-term loans were as follows for
the three months ended September 30, 2016 and September 25, 2015:      
 
      17  

Table of Contents  

  As of September 30, 2016, future maturities of long-term debt during each fiscal year were as
follows:      
    Credit facilities:   
 Fabrinet entered into a syndicated senior credit facility agreement (the  Facility Agreement ) with a consortium of banks on May 22,
2014. The Facility Agreement, led by Bank of America, provides for a $200.0 million credit line, comprised of a $150.0 million revolving loan facility and a $50.0 million delayed draw term loan facility. The revolving loan facility contains an
accordion feature permitting Fabrinet to request an increase in the facility up to $100.0 million subject to customary terms and conditions and provided that no default or event of default exists at the time of request. The revolving loan facility
terminates and all amounts outstanding are due and payable in full on May 22, 2019. The principal amount of any drawn term loans must be repaid according to scheduled quarterly amortization payments, with final payment of all amounts outstanding,
plus accrued interest, being due May 22, 2019.    On February 26, 2015, the Company entered into the Second Amendment to the Facility
Agreement. The amendment extended the availability period for draws on the term loan facility from May 21, 2015 to July 31, 2015. It also allowed the Company, upon the satisfaction of certain conditions, to designate from time to time one or more of
its subsidiaries as borrowers under the Facility Agreement. On July 31, 2015, the Company entered into the Third Amendment to the Facility Agreement. The amendment extended the availability period for draws on the term loan facility from July 31,
2015 to July 31, 2016. As of September 30, 2016, there were $20.0 million of the revolving borrowing and $46.6 million of the term loan borrowing outstanding under the Facility Agreement, resulting in available credit facilities of $133.4 million.
Borrowings under the revolving credit facility are classified as current liabilities in the unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets as the Company has the periodic option to renew or pay, all or a portion of, the outstanding balance at the
end of the maturity date, which is in the range of one to six months, without premium or penalty, upon notice to the administrative agent. During October 2016, the Company sent notices to the bank to renew the maturity date of its revolving
borrowings. The bank approved the notices and extended the maturity to November 2016.    Loans under the Facility Agreement bear interest, at
Fabrinet s option, at a rate per annum equal to a LIBOR rate plus a spread of 1.75% to 2.50%, or a base rate plus a spread of 0.75% to 1.50%, determined in accordance with the Facility Agreement in each case with such spread determined based on
Fabrinet s consolidated total leverage ratio for the preceding four fiscal quarter period. Interest is due and payable quarterly in arrears for loans bearing interest at the base rate and at the end of an interest period (or at each three-month
interval in the case of loans with interest periods greater than three months) in the case of loans bearing interest at the LIBOR rate.  
 Fabrinet s obligations under the Facility Agreement are guaranteed by certain of its existing and future direct material subsidiaries. In
addition, the Facility Agreement is secured by Fabrinet s present and future accounts receivable, deposit accounts and cash, and a pledge of the capital stock of certain of Fabrinet s direct subsidiaries. Fabrinet is required to maintain
at least $40.0 million of cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities at financial institutions located in the United States. Further, Fabrinet is required to maintain any of its deposits accounts or securities accounts with balances in excess
of $10.0 million in a jurisdiction where a control agreement, or the equivalent under the local law, can be effected.    The Facility
Agreement contains customary affirmative and negative covenants. Negative covenants include, among other things, limitations on liens, indebtedness, investments, mergers, sales of assets, changes in the nature of the business, dividends and
distributions, affiliate transactions and capital expenditures. The Facility Agreement contains financial covenants requiring Fabrinet to maintain: (1) a minimum tangible net worth of not less than $200.0 million plus 50% of quarterly net income,
exclusive of quarterly losses; (2) a minimum debt service coverage ratio of not less than 1.50:1.00; (3) a maximum senior leverage ratio of not more than 2.50:1.00; and (4) a minimum quick ratio of not less than 1.10:1.00. Each of these financial
covenants is calculated on a consolidated basis for the consecutive four fiscal quarter period then ended. As of September 30, 2016, the Company was in compliance with all covenants under the Facility Agreement.  
      18  

Table of Contents  

  The Facility Agreement also contains customary events of default including, among other things,
payment defaults, breaches of covenants or representations and warranties, cross-defaults with certain other indebtedness, bankruptcy and insolvency events and change in control of Fabrinet, subject to grace periods in certain instances. Upon an
event of default, the lenders may terminate their commitments, declare all or a portion of the outstanding obligations payable by Fabrinet to be immediately due and payable and exercise other rights and remedies provided for under the Facility
Agreement.    Fabrinet intends to use the proceeds of the credit line to finance its future manufacturing buildings in the United States and
Thailand, and for general corporate purposes including mergers and acquisitions of complementary manufacturing businesses or technology, although Fabrinet has no current commitments with respect to any such acquisitions.  
   Short-term loans from bank    
 In connection with the business acquisition, the Company assumed a secured borrowing agreement. The loans are secured by trade accounts
receivable and the way of chattels mortgage over the plant and machine of Exception EMS. As of September 30, 2016, the carrying amount of trade accounts receivable and plant and machine secured to such loans were $5.5 million and $4.9 million,
respectively The secured borrowing agreement contains certain covenants that the Company is required to comply with: (1) the value of credit notes may not exceed 4% of the value of assigned debts measured on a monthly basis, and (2) rolling cash
flow must be provided with monthly management information. As of September 30, 2016, the Company was in compliance with all covenants under the secured borrowing agreement.  
 As of September 30, 2016, the Company drew down from this facility of $1.2 million which is recorded as short-term loans in the unaudited
condensed consolidated balance sheets. The agreement bears interest for discount charge at 1.85% per annum above based rate.    Undrawn
available credit facilities classified by availability period of future borrowing as of September 30, 2016 and June 24, 2016 were as follows:      
     
   As of September 30, 2016 and June 24, 2016, the liability for uncertain
tax positions including accrued interest and penalties was $1.9 million and $1.8 million, respectively. The Company expects the estimated amount of liability associated with its uncertain tax positions to decrease within the next 12 months due
to the lapse of the applicable statute of limitations in foreign tax jurisdictions.    The Company files income tax returns in the United
States and foreign tax jurisdictions. The tax years from 2012 to 2016 remain open to examination by U.S. federal and state tax authorities, and foreign tax authorities. The Company s income tax is recognized based on the best estimate of the
expected annual effective tax rate for the full financial year of each entity in the Company, adjusted for discrete items arising in that quarter. If the Company s estimated annual effective tax rate changes, the Company makes a cumulative
adjustment in that quarter.   The effective tax rate for the Company for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and September 25,
2015 remained flat at 6.7% of net income. The Company s taxable income and income tax expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2016 increased proportionately on an absolute dollars basis, compared with the three months ended
September 25, 2015.  
      19  

Table of Contents  

13.  
  Share-based compensation         Share-based compensation    
 In determining the grant date fair value of equity awards, the Company is required to make estimates of the fair value of Fabrinet s
ordinary shares, expected dividends to be issued, expected volatility of Fabrinet s ordinary shares, expected forfeitures of the awards, risk free interest rates for the expected term of the awards, expected terms of the awards, and the vesting
period of the respective awards. Forfeitures are estimated at the time of grant and revised if necessary in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates.  
 The effect of recording share-based compensation expense for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and September 25, 2015 was as follows:
     
   Share-based compensation expense was recorded in the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations
and comprehensive income as follows:      
   The Company did not capitalize any share-based compensation expense as part of any asset costs during the three
months ended September 30, 2016 and September 25, 2015.      Share-based award activity    
 Share options have been granted to directors and employees. As of September 30, 2016, there were 5 share options outstanding under
Fabrinet s Amended and Restated 1999 Share Option Plan (the  1999 Plan ). Additional option grants may not be made under the 1999 Plan.  
 As of September 30, 2016, there were an aggregate of 306,012 share options outstanding, 1,321,464 restricted share units outstanding and
234,678 performance share units outstanding under Fabrinet s 2010 Performance Incentive Plan (the  2010 Plan ). As of September 30, 2016, there were 1,404,646 ordinary shares available for future grant under the 2010 Plan. The 1999
Plan and 2010 Plan are collectively referred to as the  Share Option Plans.      Share options   
 Fabrinet s board of directors has the authority to determine the type of option and the number of shares subject to an option. Options
generally vest and become exercisable over four years and expire, if not exercised, within seven years of the grant date. In the case of a grantee s first grant, 25 percent of the underlying shares vest 12 months after the vesting commencement
date and 1/48 of the underlying shares vest monthly over each of the subsequent 36 months. In the case of any additional grants to a grantee, 1/48 of the underlying shares vest monthly over four years, commencing one month after the vesting
commencement date. 
      20  

Table of Contents  

  The following summarizes share option activity:  
   
   The following summarizes information for share options outstanding as of September 30, 2016 under the Share
Option Plans:      
   As of September 30, 2016, there was no unrecognized compensation cost under the Share Option Plan.  
  Restricted share units and performance share units   
 Restricted share units and performance share units are types of share-based awards that may be granted under the 2010 Plan. Restricted share
units granted to non-employee directors generally cliff vest 100% on the first of January, approximately one year from the grant date, provided the director continues to serve through such date. Restricted share units granted to employees generally
vest in equal installments over three or four years on each anniversary of the vesting commencement date.    Performance share units granted
to executives will vest at the end of a two-year performance period based on the Company s achievement of pre-defined performance criteria, which consist of revenue and gross margin targets. The actual number of performance share units
that may vest at the end of the performance period ranges from 0% to 100% of the award grant.  
      21  

Table of Contents  

  The Company has entered into an employment agreement, as amended on August 12, 2016, with an
executive of the Company that provides for accelerated vesting of equity awards under certain circumstances, including upon termination of employment. In addition, if the executive s employment with the Company continues through and including
February 20, 2017, (1) any outstanding equity awards granted to the executive prior to August 2016 will become 100% vested and (2) certain restricted share units granted to the executive in August 2016 will become 100% vested.  
 The following summarizes restricted share unit activity under the 2010 Plan:  

The following summarizes performance share unit activity under the 2010 Plan:  
   
   As of September 30, 2016, there was $35.3 million of unrecognized share-based compensation expense related to
restricted share units under the 2010 Plan that is expected to be recorded over a weighted-average period of 2.77 years.    For the three
months ended September 30, 2016 and September 25, 2015, the Company withheld an aggregate of 22,294 shares and 46,016 shares, respectively, upon the vesting of restricted share units, based upon the closing share price on the vesting date to settle
the employees  minimum statutory obligation for the applicable income and other employment taxes. For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and September 25 2015, the Company then remitted cash of $0.9 million and $0.9 million,
respectively, to the appropriate taxing authorities, and presented it in a financing activity within the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of cash flows. The payment had the effect on shares issued by the Company as it reduced the number
of shares that would have been issued on the vesting date and was recorded as a reduction of additional paid-in capital.  
      22  

Table of Contents  

14.  
  Shareholders  equity         Share capital    
 Fabrinet s authorized share capital is 500,000,000 ordinary shares, par value of $0.01 per ordinary share, and 5,000,000 preferred shares,
par value of $0.01 per preferred share.    For the three months ended September 30, 2016, Fabrinet issued 158,317 ordinary shares upon the
exercise of options, for cash consideration at a weighted-average exercise price of $17.10 per share, and 385,705 ordinary shares upon the vesting of restricted share units, net of shares withheld. 
 All such issued shares are fully paid.      

15.  
  Accumulated other comprehensive income       The changes in AOCI for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 were as follows:      

16.  
  Commitments and contingencies         Bank guarantees    
 As of September 30, 2016 and June 24, 2016, there were outstanding bank guarantees given by banks on behalf of Fabrinet Thailand for
electricity usage and other normal business amounting to $0.8 million and $0.8 million, respectively.      Operating lease commitments
     The Company leases a portion of its office, capital equipment, and certain land and buildings for its facilities in the Cayman
Islands, China, New Jersey and the United Kingdom under operating lease arrangements that expire in various calendar years through 2023. Rental expense under these operating leases amounted to $0.4 million and $0.3 million for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 and September 25, 2015, respectively.    As of September 30, 2016, the future minimum lease payments due under
non-cancelable operating leases during each fiscal year were as follows:      
 
      23  

Table of Contents  

    Capital lease commitments    
 In connection with the acquisition of Exception EMS, the Company assumed the capital lease commitments of certain machine and equipment, with
various expiration dates until September 2020. The equipment can be purchased at the determined price upon expiration.    As of September 30,
2016, the future minimum lease payments due under non-cancelable capital leases during each fiscal year were as follows:      
     Purchase obligations    
 Purchase obligations represent legally-binding commitments to purchase inventory and other commitments made in the normal course of business to
meet operational requirements. Although open purchase orders are considered enforceable and legally binding, their terms generally give the Company the option to cancel, reschedule and/or adjust its requirements based on its business needs prior to
the delivery of goods or performance of services. Obligations to purchase inventory and other commitments are generally expected to be fulfilled within one year.  
 As of September 30, 2016, the Company had an outstanding commitment to third parties of approximately $30.1 million, mainly related to the
construction of a new manufacturing building at the Company s Chonburi campus.      Indemnification of directors and officers
     Cayman Islands law does not limit the extent to which a company s memorandum and articles of association may provide for
indemnification of directors and officers, except to the extent any such provision may be held by the Cayman Islands courts to be contrary to public policy, such as to provide indemnification against civil fraud or the consequences of committing a
crime. Fabrinet s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide for indemnification of directors and officers for actions, costs, charges, losses, damages and expenses incurred in their capacities as such, except that such
indemnification does not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty that may attach to any of them.    In accordance with
Fabrinet s form of indemnification agreement for its directors and officers, Fabrinet has agreed to indemnify its directors and officers against certain liabilities and expenses incurred by such persons in connection with claims by reason of
their being such a director or officer. Fabrinet maintains a director and officer liability insurance policy that may enable it to recover a portion of any future amounts paid under the indemnification agreements.  

17.  
  Business segments and geographic information       Operating segments are defined as
components of an enterprise for which separate financial information is available that is evaluated regularly by the chief operating decision maker in deciding how to allocate resources and in assessing performance. The Company s chief
operating decision maker is Fabrinet s chief executive officer. As of September 30, 2016, the Company operated and internally managed a single operating segment. Accordingly, the Company does not accumulate discrete information with respect to
separate product lines and does not have separate reportable segments.  
      24  

Table of Contents  

  Total revenues are attributed to a particular geographic area based on the bill-to-location of
the customers. The Company operates primarily in three geographic regions: North America, Asia-Pacific and Europe. The following table presents total revenues by geographic regions:  
   
   As of September 30, 2016 and September 25, 2015, the Company had approximately $36.4 million and $33.9 million
of long-lived assets based in North America, with the substantial remainder of assets based in Asia-Pacific and Europe.      Significant
customers      The Company had one and two customers that each contributed to 10% or more of its total account receivable as of
September 30, 2016 and June 24, 2016, respectively.      

18.  
  Other expense related to flooding       During the week of August 10, 2015, the
Company s subsidiary in China temporarily suspended production in its manufacturing facility due to flooding caused by Typhoon Soudelor and resumed operations on August 15, 2015. During the three months ended September 25, 2015, the Company
recognized $0.9 million of losses incurred from the event in the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. The Company received a final payment of $0.8 million from an insurer against the Company s
claim for flood damage during the three months ended March 25, 2016.  
      25  

Table of Contents  

     ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS      In addition to historical information, this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements
within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. These statements relate to future events or to our future financial performance and involve known and unknown risks,
uncertainties and other factors that may cause our or our industry s actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed
or implied by these forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements about:       

our goals and strategies;        

our and our customers  estimates regarding future revenues, operating results, expenses, capital requirements and liquidity;        

our expectation that the portion of our future revenues attributable to customers in regions outside of North America will continue to decrease compared with the portion of those revenues for the three months ended
September 30, 2016;        

our expectation that we will incur incremental costs of revenue as a result of our planned expansion of our business into new geographic markets;    

our expectation that our fiscal year 2017 selling, general and administrative ( SG A ) expenses will increase on an absolute dollar basis and decrease as a percentage of revenue compared to fiscal year
2016;        

our expectation that our employee costs will increase in Thailand and the People s Republic of China ( PRC         

our future capital expenditures and our needs for additional financing;        

the expansion of our manufacturing capacity, including into new geographies;        

the growth rates of our existing markets and potential new markets;        

our ability, and the ability of our customers and suppliers, to respond successfully to technological or industry developments;        

our suppliers  estimates regarding future costs;        

our ability to increase our penetration of existing markets and to penetrate new markets;        

our plans to diversify our sources of revenues;        

our plans to execute acquisitions;        

trends in the optical communications, industrial lasers, and sensors markets, including trends to outsource the production of components used in those markets;    

our ability to attract and retain a qualified management team and other qualified personnel and advisors; and        

competition in our existing and new markets.    
      26  

Table of Contents  

   These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual
results to differ materially from those reflected in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, in particular,
the risks discussed under the heading  Risk Factors  in Part II, Item 1A as well as those discussed in other documents we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We undertake no obligation to revise or publicly release the
results of any revision to these forward-looking statements. Given these risks and uncertainties, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements.  We,   us  or  our  collectively
refer to Fabrinet and its subsidiaries.      Overview   
 We provide advanced optical packaging and precision optical, electro-mechanical and electronic manufacturing services to original equipment
manufacturers ( OEMs ) of complex products such as optical communication components, modules and sub-systems, industrial lasers, medical devices and sensors. We offer a broad range of advanced optical and electro-mechanical capabilities
across the entire manufacturing process, including process design and engineering, supply chain management, manufacturing, complex printed circuit board assembly, advanced packaging, integration, final assembly and testing. Although, we focus
primarily on low-volume production of a wide variety of high complexity products, which we refer to as  low-volume, high-mix,  we also have the capability to accommodate high-volume production. Based on our experience with, and positive
feedback we have received from our customers, we believe we are a global leader in providing these services to the optical communications, industrial lasers and automotive markets.  
 Our customer base includes companies in complex industries that require advanced precision manufacturing capabilities such as optical
communications, industrial lasers, automotive and sensors. The products that we manufacture for our OEM customers include selective switching products; tunable transponders and transceivers; active optical cables; solid state, diode-pumped, gas and
fiber lasers; and sensors. In many cases, we are the sole outsourced manufacturing partner used by our customers for the products that we produce for them.  
 We also design and fabricate application-specific crystals, lenses, prisms, mirrors, laser components, and substrates (collectively referred
to as  customized optics ) and other custom and standard borosilicate, clear fused quartz, and synthetic fused silica glass products (collectively referred to as  customized glass ). We incorporate our customized optics and glass
into many of the products we manufacture for our OEM customers, and we also sell customized optics and glass in the merchant market.     Business
acquisition     On September 14, 2016, we acquired 100% shareholding in Global CEM Solutions, Limited and all of its subsidiaries
( Exception EMS ), a privately-held group located in Wiltshire, United Kingdom, for cash consideration of approximately $13.0 million, net of cash acquired. This is strategic acquisition involving new geographies, new sectors and new
customers. Exception EMS provides contract electronics manufacturing services primarily to the European electronics market with innovative solutions, adding value to the design, manufacture and testing of printed circuit board assemblies. Its
customers include industrial, energy, aerospace and defense companies, with approximately 80% of its revenue derived from customers in Europe. See Note 8 - business acquisitions to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements for
further details.     Flooding     During
the week of August 10, 2015, our subsidiary in China temporarily suspended production in its manufacturing facility due to flooding caused by Typhoon Soudelor and resumed operations on August 15, 2015. During the three months ended September 25,
2015, we recognized $0.9 million of losses incurred from the event in the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. We received a final payment of $0.8 million from an insurer against our claim for flood
damage during the three months ended March 25, 2016.  
      27  

Table of Contents  

   Revenues   
 Our total revenues increased by $115.6 million, or 53.4%, to $332.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared with $216.4
million for the three months ended September 25, 2015. The increase was primarily due to (1) an increase in our customers  demand for both optical and non-optical communications manufacturing services during the three months ended September 30,
2016, (2) the positive impact from an additional week of revenue during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and (3) $0.8 million of revenue from companies we acquired during the three months ended September 30, 2016.  
 We believe our ability to expand our relationships with existing customers and attract new customers is due to a number of factors, including
our broad range of complex engineering and manufacturing service offerings, flexible low-cost manufacturing platform, process optimization capabilities, advanced supply chain management, excellent customer service, and experienced management team.
While we expect the prices we charge for our manufactured products to decrease over time (partly as a result of competitive market forces), we still believe we will be able to maintain favorable pricing for our services because of our ability to
reduce cycle time, adjust our product mix by focusing on more complicated products, improve product quality and yields, and reduce material costs for the products we manufacture. We believe these capabilities have enabled us to help our OEM
customers reduce their manufacturing costs while maintaining or improving the design, quality, reliability, and delivery times for their products.  
   Revenues by Geography      We generate
revenues from three geographic regions: North America, Asia-Pacific and Europe. Revenues are attributed to a particular geographic area based on the bill-to location of our customers, notwithstanding that our customers may ultimately ship their
products to end customers in a different geographic region. The majority of our revenues are derived from our manufacturing facilities in Asia-Pacific.  
 The percentage of our revenues generated from a bill-to location outside of North America decreased from 50.8% in the three months ended
September 25, 2015 to 50.0% in the three months ended September 30, 2016, primarily because of a decrease in sales to our customers in Asia-Pacific. We expect that the portion of our future revenues attributable to customers in regions outside North
America will continue to decrease as compared with the portion of revenues attributable to such customers during the three months ended September 30, 2016.  
 The following table presents percentages of total revenues by geographic regions:  
   
     Our Contracts    
 We enter into supply agreements with our customers which generally have an initial term of up to three years, subject to automatic renewals for
subsequent one-year terms unless expressly terminated. Although there are no minimum purchase requirements in our supply agreements, our customers provide us with rolling forecasts of their demand requirements. Our supply agreements generally
include provisions for pricing and periodic review of pricing, consignment of our customer s unique production equipment to us, and the sharing of benefits from cost-savings derived from our efforts. We are generally required to purchase
materials, which may include long lead-time materials and materials that are subject to minimum order quantities and/or non-cancelable or non-returnable terms, to meet the stated demands of our customers. After procuring materials, we manufacture
products for our customers based on purchase orders that contain terms regarding product quantities, delivery locations and delivery dates. Our customers generally are obligated to purchase finished goods that we have manufactured according to their
demand requirements. Materials that are not consumed by our customers within a specified period of time, or are no longer required due to a product s cancellation or end-of-life, are typically designated as excess or obsolete inventory under
our contracts. Once materials are designated as either excess or obsolete inventory, our customers are typically required to purchase such inventory from us even if they have chosen to cancel production of the related products.  
      28  

Table of Contents  

   Cost of Revenues   
 The key components of our cost of revenues are material costs, employee costs, and infrastructure-related costs. Material costs generally
represent the majority of our cost of revenues. Several of the materials we require to manufacture products for our customers are customized for their products and often sourced from a single supplier or in some cases, our own subsidiaries.
Shortages from sole-source suppliers due to yield loss, quality concerns and capacity constraints, among other factors, may increase our expenses and negatively impact our gross profit margin or total revenues in a given quarter. Material costs
include scrap material. Historically, scrap rate diminishes during a product s life cycle due to process, fixturing and test improvement and optimization.  
 A second significant element of our cost of revenues is employee costs, including indirect employee costs related to design, configuration and
optimization of manufacturing processes for our customers, quality testing, materials testing and other engineering services; and direct costs related to our manufacturing employees. Direct employee costs include employee salaries, insurance and
benefits, merit-based bonuses, recruitment, training and retention. Historically, our employee costs have increased primarily due to increases in the number of employees necessary to support our growth and, to a lesser extent, costs to recruit,
train and retain employees. Our cost of revenues is significantly impacted by salary levels in Thailand and the PRC, the fluctuation of the Thai baht and Chinese Renminbi ( RMB ) against our functional currency, the U.S. dollar, and our
ability to retain our employees. We expect our employee costs to increase as wages continue to increase in Thailand and the PRC. Wage increases may impact our ability to sustain our competitive advantage and may reduce our profit margin. We seek to
mitigate these cost increases through improvements in employee productivity, employee retention and asset utilization.    Our infrastructure
costs are comprised of depreciation, utilities, facilities management and overhead costs. Most of our facility leases are long-term agreements. Our depreciation costs include buildings and fixed assets, primarily at our Pinehurst campus in Thailand,
and capital equipment located at each of our manufacturing locations.    During the three months ended September 30, 2016 and September 25,
2015, discretionary merit-based bonus awards were made to our non-executive employees. Charges included in cost of revenues for bonus awards to non-executive employees were $0.9 million and $0.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016
and September 25, 2015, respectively.    Share-based compensation expense included in cost of revenues was $1.0 million and $0.5 million for
the three months ended September 30, 2016 and September 25, 2015, respectively.    We expect to incur incremental costs of revenue as a
result of our planned expansion into new geographic markets, though we are not able to determine the amount of these incremental expenses.     Selling,
General and Administrative Expenses     Our SG A expenses primarily consist of corporate employee costs for sales and marketing,
general and administrative and other support personnel, including research and development expenses related to the design of customized optics and glass, travel expenses, legal and other professional fees, share-based compensation expense and other
general expenses not related to cost of revenues. In fiscal year 2017, we expect our SG A expenses will increase on an absolute dollar basis and decrease as a percentage of revenue compared with fiscal year 2016, due to the acquisition of
Exception EMS and higher share-based compensation expenses as a result of restricted share units and performance share units granted to executives in August 2016.  
 The compensation committee of our board of directors approved a fiscal year 2017 executive incentive plan with quantitative objectives, based
on achieving certain revenue targets and gross margin targets for our fiscal year ending June 30, 2017. Bonuses under our fiscal year 2017 executive incentive plan are payable after the end of fiscal year 2017. In fiscal year 2016, the compensation
committee approved a fiscal year 2016 executive incentive plan with quantitative objectives, based on achieving certain revenue and non-GAAP earnings per share targets for our fiscal year ended June 24, 2016, as well as qualitative objectives, based
on achieving individual performance goals. In the three months ended September 30, 2016, the compensation committee awarded bonuses to our executive employees for Company and individual achievements of performance under our fiscal 2016 executive
incentive plan. Discretionary merit-based bonus awards were also available to our non-executive employees and were payable as of September 30, 2016.  
 Charges included in SG A expenses for bonus awards to non-executive and executive employees were $0.9 million and $0.6 million for the
three months ended September 30, 2016 and September 25, 2015, respectively.    Share-based compensation expense included in SG A
expenses was $4.6 million and $2.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and September 25, 2015, respectively.  
      29  

Table of Contents  

   Additional Financial Disclosures   
   Foreign Exchange      As a result of
our international operations, we are exposed to foreign exchange risk arising from various currency exposures primarily with respect to the Thai baht. Although a majority of our total revenues is denominated in U.S. dollars, a substantial portion of
our payroll plus certain other operating expenses are incurred and paid in Thai baht. The exchange rate between the Thai baht and the U.S. dollar has fluctuated substantially in recent years and may continue to fluctuate substantially in the future.
We report our financial results in U.S. dollars and our results of operations have been and may continue to be negatively impacted owing to appreciation of the Thai baht against the U.S. dollar. Smaller portions of our expenses are incurred in a
variety of other currencies, including RMB, Pound sterling ( GBP ), Canadian dollars, Euros, and Japanese yen, the appreciation of which may also negatively impact our financial results.  
 In addition, we are exposed to foreign exchange risk in connection with the long-term loan and cross currency swap arrangements we entered
into with TMB Bank Public Company Limited (the  Bank ) in May 2011 for the construction of Pinehurst Building 6. The terms of the contract with the Bank provide the following facilities: (1) a term loan facility for up to Thai baht
960 million (equal to $30.0 million) with a fixed interest rate of 5.28% per annum, (2) a hedging facility for currency interest rate swaps with a notional amount of $30.0 million, and (3) a settlement limit of Thai baht
65 million, subject to certain terms and conditions as set forth therein. Borrowings and interest under the term loan have been scheduled to be repaid on a quarterly basis between September 2011 and March 2017. As of September 30, 2016, we had
outstanding borrowings under the term loan facility of $3.0 million. Under the terms of the cross currency swap arrangements, amounts drawn in Thai baht were converted to U.S. dollars for repayment by us on a quarterly basis at the floating rate of
London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) plus 2.8% per annum.    In order to manage the risks arising from fluctuations in foreign
currency exchange rates, we use derivative instruments. We may enter into exchange currency forward or put option contracts to manage foreign currency exposures associated with certain assets and liabilities and other forecasted foreign currency
transactions and may designate these instruments as hedging instruments. The forward and put option contracts generally have maturities of up to 12 months. All foreign currency exchange contracts are recognized in the unaudited condensed
consolidated balance sheet at fair value. Gain or loss on our forward and put option contracts generally offset the assets, liabilities, and transactions economically hedged.  
 We had foreign currency denominated assets and liabilities in Thai baht, RMB and GBP as follows:  
   
   The Thai baht assets represent cash and cash equivalents, trade accounts receivable, deposits and other
current assets. The Thai baht liabilities represent trade accounts payable, accrued expenses, income tax payable and other payables. We manage our exposure to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates by the use of foreign currency contracts and
offsetting assets and liabilities denominated in the same currency in accordance with management s policy. As of September 30, 2016 and June 24, 2016, there were $42.5 million and $84.5 million in forward contracts, respectively, outstanding
against forecasted Thai baht payables.    The RMB assets represent cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable and other current assets.
The RMB liabilities represent trade accounts payable, accrued expenses, income tax payable and other payables. As of September 30, 2016 and June 24, 2016, we did not have any derivative contracts denominated in RMB.  
      30  

Table of Contents  

  The GBP assets represent cash and accounts receivable. The GBP liabilities represent trade
accounts payable and other payables. As of September 30, 2016, we did not have any derivative contracts denominated in GBP.    For the three
months ended September 30, 2016 and September 25, 2015, we recorded loss of $0.1 million and $12.1 million, respectively, related to derivatives that are not designated as hedging instruments in the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of
operations and comprehensive income.      Currency Regulation and Dividend Distribution    
 Foreign exchange regulation in the PRC is primarily governed by the following rules:  

Foreign Currency Administration Rules, as amended on August 5, 2008, or the Exchange Rules;        

Administration Rules of the Settlement, Sale and Payment of Foreign Exchange (1996), or the Administration Rules; and        

Notice on Perfecting Practices Concerning Foreign Exchange Settlement Regarding the Capital Contribution by Foreign-invested Enterprises, as promulgated by the State Administration of Foreign Exchange, or State
Administration of Foreign Exchange ( SAFE ), on August 29, 2008, or Circular 142.      Under the Exchange Rules,
RMB is freely convertible into foreign currencies for current account items, including the distribution of dividends, interest payments, trade and service-related foreign exchange transactions. However, conversion of RMB for capital account items,
such as direct investments, loans, security investments and repatriation of investments, is still subject to the approval of SAFE.    Under
the Administration Rules, foreign-invested enterprises may only buy, sell, or remit foreign currencies at banks authorized to conduct foreign exchange business after providing valid commercial documents and relevant supporting documents and, in the
case of capital account item transactions, obtaining approval from SAFE. Capital investments by foreign-invested enterprises outside of the PRC are also subject to limitations, which include approvals by the Ministry of Commerce, SAFE and the State
Development and Reform Commission.    Circular 142 regulates the conversion by a foreign-invested company of foreign currency into RMB by
restricting how the converted RMB may be used. Circular 142 requires that the registered capital of a foreign-invested enterprise settled in RMB converted from foreign currencies may only be used for purposes within the business scope approved by
the applicable governmental authority and may not be used for equity investments within the PRC. In addition, SAFE strengthened its oversight of the flow and use of the registered capital of foreign-invested enterprises settled in RMB converted from
foreign currencies. The use of such RMB capital may not be changed without SAFE s approval and may not be used to repay RMB loans if the proceeds of such loans have not been used.  
 On January 5, 2007, SAFE promulgated the Detailed Rules for Implementing the Measures for the Administration on Individual Foreign Exchange,
or the Implementation Rules. Under the Implementation Rules, PRC citizens who are granted share options by an overseas publicly-listed company are required, through a PRC agent or PRC subsidiary of such overseas publicly-listed company, to register
with SAFE and complete certain other procedures.    In addition, the General Administration of Taxation has issued circulars concerning
employee share options. Under these circulars, our employees working in the PRC who exercise share options will be subject to PRC individual income tax. Our PRC subsidiary has obligations to file documents related to employee share options with
relevant tax authorities and withhold individual income taxes of those employees who exercise their share options.    Furthermore, our
transfer of funds to our subsidiaries in Thailand and the PRC are each subject to approval by governmental authorities in case of an increase in registered capital, or subject to registration with governmental authorities in case of a shareholder
loan. These limitations on the flow of funds between our subsidiaries and us could restrict our ability to act in response to changing market conditions.  
   Income Tax      Our effective tax rate
is a function of the mix of tax rates in the various jurisdictions in which we do business. We are domiciled in the Cayman Islands. Under the current laws of the Cayman Islands, we are not subject to tax in the Cayman Islands on income or capital
gains. We have received this undertaking for a 20-year period ending August 24, 2019, and after the expiration date, we may request a renewal with the office of the Clerk of the Cabinet for another twenty years.  
      31  

Table of Contents  

  Throughout the period of our operations in Thailand, we have generally received income tax and
other incentives from the Thailand Board of Investment. Preferential tax treatment from the Thai government in the form of a corporate tax exemption is currently available to us through June 2020 on income generated from projects to manufacture
certain products at Pinehurst campus. Such preferential tax treatment is contingent on various factors, including the export of our customers  products out of Thailand and our agreement not to move our manufacturing facilities out of our
current province in Thailand for at least 15 years from the date on which preferential tax treatment was granted. In March 2016, the Thailand Revenue Department announced a permanent decrease of corporate income tax rates to 20% for tax periods
beginning on or after January 1, 2016. As a result, corporate income tax rates for our Thai subsidiary remain at 20% from fiscal year 2017 onward.  
  Critical Accounting Policies and Use of Estimates   
 We prepare our condensed consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP, which requires us to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent liabilities on the date of the condensed consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the financial reporting
period. We continually evaluate these estimates and assumptions based on the most recently available information, our own historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results
form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Because the use of estimates is an integral component of the financial reporting process, actual results could
differ from those estimates. Some of our accounting policies require higher degrees of judgment than others in their application. We consider the policies discussed below to be critical to an understanding of our condensed consolidated financial
statements, as their application places the most significant demands on our management s judgment.    Our critical accounting policies
are disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 24, 2016.     Results of Operations   
 The following table sets forth a summary of our unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. Note that
period-to-period comparisons of operating results should not be relied upon as indicative of future performance.      
 
      32  

Table of Contents  

  The following table sets forth a summary of our unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations and
comprehensive income as a percentage of total revenues for the periods indicated.      
   The following table sets forth our revenues by end market for the periods indicated.  
   
   We operate and internally manage a single operating segment. As such, discrete information with respect to
separate product lines and segments is not accumulated.      Comparison of Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 with Three Months Ended September 25,
2015       Total revenues.   
 Our total revenues increased by $115.6 million, or 53.4%, to $332.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared with $216.4
million for the three months ended September 25, 2015. This increase was primarily due to (1) an increase in our customers  demand for both optical and non-optical communications manufacturing services during the three months ended September
30, 2016, (2) the positive impact of an additional week of revenue during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and (3) $0.8 million of revenue from companies which we acquired during the three months ended September 30, 2016. Revenues from
optical communications products represented 77.3% of our total revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to 71.5% for the three months ended September 25, 2015.  
  Cost of revenues.     Our
cost of revenues increased by $102.0 million, or 53.6%, to $292.4 million, or 88.1% of total revenues, for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared with $190.4 million, or 88.0% of total revenues, for the three months ended
September 25, 2015. This increase in cost of revenues was primarily due to an increase in sales volume, partially offset by a more favorable product mix. Cost of revenues also included share-based compensation expense of $1.0 million for the
three months ended September 30, 2016, compared with $0.5 million for the three months ended September 25, 2015. 
      33  

Table of Contents  

   Gross profit.   
 Our gross profit increased by $13.6 million, or 52.3%, to $39.6 million, or 11.9% of total revenues, for the three months ended
September 30, 2016, compared with $26.0 million, or 12.0% of total revenues, for the three months ended September 25, 2015.  
  SG A expenses.     Our
SG A expenses increased by $3.9 million, or 33.0%, to $15.8 million, or 4.8% of total revenues, for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared with $11.9 million, or 5.5% of total revenues, for the three months ended
September 25, 2015. Our SG A expenses increased in absolute dollars due primarily to an increase in expenses relating to merger and acquisition activities of $1.1 million and severance and related payments of $0.6 million to an executive
who left the Company in July 2016. We also recorded share-based compensation charges of $4.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared with $2.1 million for the three months ended September 25, 2015.  
  Other expense related to flooding.   
 In the three months ended September 30, 2016, we did not have any expenses related to flooding. In the three months ended September 25,
2015, we recognized other expense related to flooding of $0.9 million, which mainly consisted of $0.6 million of repaired cost of equipment and $0.2 million of inventory losses.  
  Operating income.     Our
operating income increased by $10.5 million to $23.8 million, or 7.2% of total revenues, for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared with $13.2 million, or 6.1% of total revenues, for the three months ended September 25, 2015.
    Interest income.   
 Our interest income remained flat at $0.4 million, or 0.1% of total revenues, for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared with
$0.4 million, or 0.2% of total revenues, for the three months ended September 25, 2015.     Interest expense.   
 Our interest expense increased by $0.9 million to $1.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared with $0.4 million
for the three months ended September 25, 2015.    The increase was primarily due to increase in average balance of our bank borrowings.  
  Foreign exchange gain (loss), net.   
 Our foreign exchange gain, net, increased by $12.1 million to foreign exchange gain, net, of $1.7 million, or 0.5% of total revenues, for the
three months ended September 30, 2016, compared with foreign exchange loss, net, of $10.5 million, or 4.9% of total revenues, for the three months ended September 25, 2015. The increase was due to changes in the fair value of forward contracts as of
September 30, 2016 that were not designated as hedging instruments.     Income before income taxes.   
 We recorded income before income taxes of $24.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared with $2.9 million for the
three months ended September 25, 2015.     Income tax expense.   
 Our provision for income tax reflects an effective tax rate of 6.7% for each of the three months ended September 30, 2016 and
September 25, 2015. The effective tax rate remained flat, and our taxable income and income tax expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2016 increased proportionately on an absolute dollars basis, compared with the three months ended
September 25, 2015.  
      34  

Table of Contents  

   Net income.   
 We recorded net income of $22.8 million, or 6.9% of total revenues, for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared with $1.6
million, or 0.7% of total revenues, for the three months ended September 25, 2015.     Other comprehensive (loss) income.   
 We recorded other comprehensive loss of $0.3 million, or 0.1% of total revenues, for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared
with other comprehensive income of $0.1 million, or 0.1% of total revenues, for the three months ended September 25, 2015.     Liquidity and Capital
Resources       Cash Flows and Working Capital    
 We primarily finance our operations through cash flow from operations. As of September 30, 2016 and September 25, 2015, we had cash, cash
equivalents, and marketable securities of $253.6 million and $247.6 million, respectively, and outstanding debt of $70.8 million and $39.0 million, respectively.  
 Our cash and cash equivalents, which primarily consist of cash on hand, demand deposits, and liquid investments with original maturities of
three months or less, are placed with banks and other financial institutions. The weighted-average interest rate on our cash and cash equivalents for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and September 25, 2015 was 0.5% and 1.0%, respectively.
   Our cash investments are made in accordance with an investment policy approved by the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors. In
general, our investment policy requires that securities purchased be rated A1, P-1, F1 or better. No security may have an effective maturity that exceeds three years. Our investments in fixed income securities are primarily classified as
available-for-sale and are recorded at fair value. The cost of securities sold is based on the specific identification method. Unrealized gains and losses on these securities are recorded as other comprehensive income (loss) and are reported as a
separate component of shareholders  equity.    During the three months ended September 30, 2016, we borrowed a revolving loan of $13.5
million and repaid a term loan of $3.4 million under our Facility Agreement; as a result, as of September 30, 2016, we had a long-term borrowing of $46.6 million and short-term borrowing of $20.0 million under our Facility Agreement. To better
manage our cash on hand, we held investments in short-term marketable securities of $147.7 million as of September 30, 2016.    We believe
that our current cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities, cash flow from operations, and funds available through our credit facility will be sufficient to meet our working capital and capital expenditure needs for the next 12 months. Our
ability to sustain our working capital position is subject to a number of risks that we discuss in Part II, Item 1A of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.  
 In December 2015, we began construction of a new manufacturing facility at our Chonburi campus, which we substantially completed in the first
quarter of fiscal year 2017. We expect to begin operations at this new facility in the second quarter of fiscal year 2017. We believe that our current manufacturing capacity is sufficient to meet our anticipated production requirements for at least
the next few quarters. We maintain a long-term loan associated with construction of production facilities at our Pinehurst campus in Thailand that will come due within the next 12 months. We also have a sufficient credit facility in place to fund
the amount needed to construct a new building at our Chonburi campus. We anticipate that our internally generated working capital, along with our cash and cash equivalents will be adequate to repay these obligations.  
 The following table shows our cash flows for the periods indicated:      

35  

Table of Contents  

   Operating Activities   
 Net cash used in operating activities decreased by $5.5 million, or 122.1%, to $1.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016,
compared with net cash provided by operating activities of $4.5 million for the three months ended September 25, 2015. This decrease was due to a number of factors, including an increase in net income of $22.0 million, offset by increases in
accounts receivable of $6.2 million and inventory of $8.7 million due to higher sales and customer demand, the impact of unrealized (gain) loss on the exchange rate and fair value of derivative instruments of $10.6 million and a decrease of other
liabilities of $7.8 million, as compared with the three months ended September 25, 2015.     Investing Activities   
 Net cash used in investing activities increased by $26.2 million, or 128.7%, to $46.6 million for the three months ended September 30,
2016, compared with net cash used in investing activities of $20.4 million for the three months ended September 25, 2015. This increase was primarily due to the payment of $13.0 million for the acquisition of Exception EMS during the three
months ended September 30, 2016 and an increase in the purchase of property, plant and equipment of $18.7 million, majority was for the new facility in Thailand, offset by a net decrease in marketable securities of $3.1 million.  
  Financing Activities     Net
cash provided by financing activities increased by $11.6 million, or 981.8%, to $10.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared with net cash used in financing activities of $1.2 million for the three months ended
September 25, 2015. This increase was primarily due to proceeds from revolving loan from bank of $13.5 million under our Facility Agreement during the three months ended September 30, 2016.  
  Off-Balance Sheet Commitments and Arrangements   
 We have not entered into any financial guarantees or other commitments to guarantee the payment obligations of any third parties. In addition,
we have not entered into any derivative contracts that are not reflected in our condensed consolidated financial statements. Furthermore, we do not have any retained or contingent interest in assets transferred to an unconsolidated entity that
serves as credit, liquidity or market risk support to such entity. We also do not have any variable interest in any unconsolidated entity that provides financing, liquidity, market risk or credit support to us or engages in leasing, hedging or
research and development services with us.     Recent Accounting Pronouncements   
 See Note 2 of Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for recent accounting pronouncements that could have an effect on
us.  
      36  

Table of Contents  

     ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK   
   Interest Rate Risk      We had cash,
cash equivalents, and marketable securities totaling $253.6 million and $284.5 million as of September 30, 2016 and June 24, 2016, respectively. We have interest rate risk exposure relating to the interest income generated by excess cash
invested in highly liquid investments with maturities of three months or less from the original dates of purchase. The cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities are held for working capital purposes. We have not used derivative financial
instruments in our investment portfolio. We have not been exposed nor do we anticipate being exposed to material risks due to changes in market interest rates. Declines in interest rates, however, will reduce future investment income. If overall
interest rates had declined by 10 basis points during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and September 25, 2015, our interest income would have decreased by approximately $0.03 million and $0.02 million, respectively, assuming consistent
investment levels.    We also have interest rate risk exposure in movements in interest rates associated with our interest bearing
liabilities. The interest bearing liabilities are denominated in U.S. dollars and the interest expense is based on the London Inter-Bank Offered Rate (LIBOR), plus an additional margin, depending on the lending institution. If the LIBOR had
increased by 100 basis points during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and September 25, 2015, our interest expense would have increased by approximately $0.1 million and $0.02 million, respectively, assuming consistent borrowing levels.
   We maintain an investment portfolio in a variety of financial instruments, including, but not limited to, U.S. government and agency
bonds, corporate obligations, money market funds, asset-backed securities, and other investment-grade securities. The majority of these investments pay a fixed rate of interest. The securities in the investment portfolio are subject to market price
risk due to changes in interest rates, perceived issuer creditworthiness, marketability, and other factors. These investments are generally classified as available-for-sale and, consequently, are recorded on our consolidated balance sheets at fair
value with unrealized gains or losses reported as a separate component of shareholders  equity.    Investments in both fixed-rate and
floating-rate interest earning instruments carry a degree of interest rate risk. The fair market values of our fixed-rate securities decline if interest rates rise, while floating-rate securities may produce less income than expected if interest
rates fall. Due in part to these factors, our future investment income may be less than we expect because of changes in interest rates or we may suffer losses in principal if forced to sell securities that have experienced a decline in market value
because of changes in interest rates.      Foreign Currency Risk    
 As a result of our foreign operations, we have significant expenses, assets and liabilities that are denominated in foreign currencies.
Substantially all of our employees and most of our facilities are located in Thailand and the PRC. Therefore, a substantial portion of our payroll as well as certain other operating expenses are paid in Thai baht or RMB. The significant majority of
our revenues are denominated in U.S. dollars because our customer contracts generally provide that our customers will pay us in U.S. dollars.  
 As a consequence, our gross profit margins, operating results, profitability and cash flows are adversely impacted when the dollar depreciates
relative to the Thai baht or the RMB. We have a particularly significant currency rate exposure to changes in the exchange rate between the Thai baht and the U.S. dollar. We must translate foreign currency-denominated results of operations, assets
and liabilities for our foreign subsidiaries to U.S. dollars in our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. Consequently, increases and decreases in the value of the U.S. dollar compared with such foreign currencies will affect our
reported results of operations and the value of our assets and liabilities on our unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets, even if our results of operations or the value of those assets and liabilities has not changed in its original
currency. These transactions could significantly affect the comparability of our results between financial periods or result in significant changes to the carrying value of our assets, liabilities and shareholders  equity.  
 In addition, we are exposed to foreign exchange risk in connection with the credit facility and cross currency swap arrangements we entered
into with TMB Bank Public Company Limited (the  Bank ) in May 2011 for the construction of Pinehurst Building 6. The terms of the contract with the Bank provide the following facilities: (1) a term loan facility for up to Thai baht
960 million (equal to $30.0 million) with a fixed interest rate of 5.28% per annum, (2) a hedging facility for currency swaps with a notional amount of $30.0 million, and (3) a settlement limit of Thai baht 65 million,
subject to certain terms and conditions as set forth therein. Borrowings and interest under the term loan are scheduled to be repaid on a quarterly basis between September 2011 and March 2017. Under the terms of the cross currency interest rate swap
arrangement, all amounts drawn down in Thai baht were converted to U.S. dollars for repayment by us on a quarterly basis at the floating rate of LIBOR plus 2.8% per annum.  
      37  

Table of Contents  

  We attempt to hedge against these exchange rate risks by entering into derivative instruments
that are typically one to eighteen months in duration, leaving us exposed to longer term changes in exchange rates. During the three months ended September 30, 2016, we discontinued our cash flow hedges which hedged forecasted foreign currency
transactions related to the construction cost of a new manufacturing building at the Company s Chonburi campus, which resulted in the recognition of a gain on forward derivative contracts of $0.3 million. We recorded unrealized gain of $1.7
million and $10.5 million related to derivatives that are not designated as hedging instruments, for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and September 25, 2015, respectively. As foreign currency exchange rates fluctuate relative to the
U.S. dollar, we expect to incur foreign currency translation adjustments and may incur foreign currency exchange losses. For example, a 10% weakening in the U.S. dollar against the Thai baht and the RMB would have resulted in a decrease in our net
dollar position of approximately $4.7 million and $2.3 million as of September 30, 2016 and June 24, 2016, respectively. We cannot give any assurance as to the effect that future changes in foreign currency rates will have on our unaudited
condensed consolidated financial position, operating results or cash flows.      Credit Risk    
 Credit risk refers to our exposures to financial institutions, suppliers and customers that have in the past and may in the future experience
financial difficulty, particularly in light of recent conditions in the credit markets and the global economy. As of September 30, 2016, our cash and cash equivalents were held in deposits and highly liquid investment products with maturities
of three months or less with banks and other financial institutions having credit ratings of A minus or above. Our marketable securities as of September 30, 2016 are held in various financial institutions with a maturity limit not to exceed 3
years, and all securities are rated A1, P-1, F1 or better. We continue to monitor our surplus cash and consider investment in corporate and U.S. government debt as well as certain available for sale securities in accordance with our investment
policy. We generally monitor the financial performance of our suppliers and customers, as well as other factors that may affect their access to capital and liquidity. Presently, we believe that we will not incur material losses due to our exposures
to such credit risk.       ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES   
   Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures    
 Our management, with the participation of our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our
disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Based on that evaluation, our chief executive officer
and chief financial officer concluded that as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that information we are required to disclose
in reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms, and include controls and procedures
designed to ensure that the information required to be disclosed by us in such reports is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions
regarding required disclosures. Management s assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting is expressed at the level of reasonable assurance because a control system, no matter how well designed and operated,
can provide only reasonable, but not absolute, assurance that the control system s objectives will be met.      Changes in Internal Control over
Financial Reporting      There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the three months ended
September 30, 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  
      38  

Table of Contents  

     PART II: OTHER INFORMATION   
    ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS   
 From time to time, we may be involved in litigation relating to claims arising in the ordinary course of our business. There are currently no
material claims or actions pending or threatened against us.       ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS   
  Investing in our ordinary shares involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the following risks, as well as the other
information contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including our condensed consolidated financial statements and the related notes, before investing in our ordinary shares. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones
that we may face. Additional risks and uncertainties of which we are unaware, or that we currently deem immaterial, also may become important factors that affect us or our ordinary shares. If any of the following risks actually occur, they may harm
our business, financial condition and operating results. In this event, the market price of our ordinary shares could decline and you could lose some or all of your investment.   
  Risks Related to Our Business       Our
sales depend on and will continue to depend on a small number of customers. A reduction in orders from any of these customers, the loss of any of these customers, or a customer exerting significant pricing and margin pressures on us could harm our
business, financial condition and operating results.      We have depended, and will continue to depend, upon a small number of
customers for a significant percentage of our total revenues. During the three months ended September 30, 2016 and September 25, 2015, we had one customer that contributed 10% or more of our total revenues. This customer accounted for 21% and 18% of
our total revenues, respectively, during the periods. Dependence on a small number of customers means that a reduction in orders from, a loss of, or other adverse actions by any one of these customers would reduce our revenues and could have a
material adverse effect on our business, operating results and share price.    Further, our customer concentration increases the
concentration of our accounts receivable and our exposure to payment default by any of our key customers. Many of our existing and potential customers have substantial debt burdens, have experienced financial distress or have static or declining
revenues, all of which may be exacerbated by Brexit, adverse conditions in the credit markets, and the continual uncertainty in the global economies. Certain of our customers have gone out of business, declared bankruptcy, been acquired, or
announced their withdrawal from segments of the optics market. We generate significant accounts payable and inventory for the services that we provide to our customers, which could expose us to substantial and potentially unrecoverable costs if we
do not receive payment from our customers.    Reliance on a small number of customers gives those customers substantial purchasing power and
leverage in negotiating contracts with us. In addition, although we enter into master supply agreements with our customers, the level of business to be transacted under those agreements is not guaranteed. Instead, we are awarded business under those
agreements on a project-by-project basis. Some of our customers have at times significantly reduced or delayed the volume of manufacturing services that they order from us. If we are unable to maintain our relationships with our existing significant
customers, our business, financial condition and operating results could be harmed.      Natural disasters (like the 2011 flooding in
Thailand), epidemics, acts of terrorism and other political and economic developments could harm our business, financial condition, and operating results.    
 Natural disasters, such as the October and November 2011 flooding in Thailand, where most of our manufacturing operations are located, could
severely disrupt our manufacturing operations and increase our supply chain costs. These events, over which we have little or no control, could cause a decrease in demand for our services, make it difficult or impossible for us to manufacture and
deliver products and for our suppliers to deliver components allowing us to manufacture those products, require large expenditures to repair or replace our facilities, or create delays and inefficiencies in our supply chain. For example, the October
and November 2011 flooding in Thailand forced us to temporarily shut down all of our manufacturing facilities in Thailand and cease production permanently at our Chokchai facility in Thailand, which adversely affected our ability to meet our
customers  demands during fiscal year 2012. In some countries in which we operate, including the PRC and Thailand, potential outbreaks of infectious diseases such as the H1N1 influenza virus, severe acute respiratory syndrome ( SARS )
or bird flu could disrupt our manufacturing operations, reduce demand for our customers  products and increase our supply chain costs. In addition, increased international political instability, evidenced by the threat or occurrence of
terrorist attacks, enhanced national security measures, conflicts in the Middle East and Asia, strained international relations arising from these conflicts and the related decline in consumer confidence and economic weakness, may hinder our ability
to do business. Any escalation in  
      39  

Table of Contents  

these events or similar future events may disrupt our operations and the operations of our customers and suppliers, and may affect the availability of materials needed for our manufacturing
services. Such events may also disrupt the transportation of materials to our manufacturing facilities and finished products to our customers. These events have had, and may continue to have, an adverse impact on the U.S. and world economy in
general, and customer confidence and spending in particular, which in turn could adversely affect our total revenues and operating results. The impact of these events on the volatility of the U.S. and world financial markets also could increase the
volatility of the market price of our ordinary shares and may limit the capital resources available to us, our customers and our suppliers.  
   We are not fully insured against all potential losses. Natural disasters or other catastrophes could adversely affect our business,
financial condition and results of operations.      Our current property and casualty insurance covers loss or damage to our property
and third-party property over which we have custody and control, as well as losses associated with business interruption, subject to specified exclusions and limitations such as coinsurance, facilities location sub-limits and other policy
limitations and covenants. Even with insurance coverage, natural disasters or other catastrophic events, including acts of war, could cause us to suffer substantial losses in our operational capacity and could also lead to a loss of opportunity and
to a potential adverse impact on our relationships with our existing customers resulting from our inability to produce products for them, for which we would not be compensated by existing insurance. This in turn could have a material adverse effect
on our financial condition and results of operations.      If the optical communications market does not expand as we expect, our
business may not grow as fast as we expect, which could adversely impact our business, financial condition and operating results.    
 Our future success as a provider of precision optical, electro-mechanical and electronic manufacturing services for the optical communications
market depends on the continued growth of the optics industry and, in particular, the continued expansion of global information networks, particularly those directly or indirectly dependent upon a fiber optic infrastructure. As part of that growth,
we anticipate that demand for voice, video, and other data services delivered over high-speed connections (both wired and wireless) will continue to increase. Without network and bandwidth growth, the need for enhanced communications products would
be jeopardized. Currently, demand for network services and for high-speed broadband access, in particular, is increasing but growth may be limited by several factors, including, among others: (1) relative strength or weakness of the global economy
or certain countries or regions, (2) an uncertain regulatory environment, and (3) uncertainty regarding long-term sustainable business models as multiple industries, such as the cable, traditional telecommunications, wireless and satellite
industries, offer competing content delivery solutions. The optical communications market also has experienced periods of overcapacity, some of which have occurred even during periods of relatively high network usage and bandwidth demands. If the
factors described above were to slow, stop or reverse the expansion in the optical communications market, our business, financial condition and operating results would be negatively affected.  
   Our quarterly revenues, gross profit margins and operating results have fluctuated significantly and may continue to do so in the
future, which may cause the market price of our ordinary shares to decline or be volatile.      Our quarterly revenues, gross profit
margins, and operating results have fluctuated significantly and may continue to fluctuate significantly in the future. For example, any of the risks described in this  Risk Factors  section and, in particular, the following factors, could
cause our quarterly and annual revenues, gross profit margins, and operating results to fluctuate from period to period:      

our ability to acquire new customers and retain our existing customers by delivering superior quality and customer service;        

the cyclicality of the optical communications market, as well as the industrial lasers, medical and sensors markets;        

competition;        

our ability to achieve favorable pricing for our services;        

our ability to manage our headcount and other costs; and        

changes in the relative mix in our revenues.      Therefore, we believe that quarter-to-quarter
comparisons of our operating results may not be useful in predicting our future operating results. You should not rely on our results for one quarter as any indication of our future performance. Quarterly variations in our operations could result in
significant volatility in the market price of our ordinary shares.  
      40  

Table of Contents  

    If we are unable to continue diversifying our precision optical and electro-mechanical
manufacturing services across other markets within the optics industry, such as the semiconductor processing, biotechnology, metrology and material processing markets, or if these markets do not grow as fast as we expect, our business may not grow
as fast as we expect, which could adversely impact our business, financial condition and operating results.      We intend to continue
diversifying across other markets within the optics industry, such as the semiconductor processing, biotechnology, metrology, and material processing markets, to reduce our dependence on the optical communications market and to grow our business.
Currently, the optical communications market contributes the significant majority of our revenues. There can be no assurance that our efforts to further expand and diversify into other markets within the optics industry will prove successful or that
these markets will continue to grow as fast as we expect. In the event that the opportunities presented by these markets prove to be less than anticipated, if we are less successful than expected in diversifying into these markets, or if our margins
in these markets prove to be less than expected, our growth may slow or stall, and we may incur costs that are not offset by revenues in these markets, all of which could harm our business, financial condition and operating results.  
   We face significant competition in our business. If we are unable to compete successfully against our current and future competitors,
our business, financial condition and operating results could be harmed.     Our current and prospective customers tend to evaluate
our capabilities against the merits of their internal manufacturing as well as the capabilities of other third-party manufacturers. We believe the internal manufacturing capabilities of current and prospective customers are our primary competition.
This competition is particularly strong when our customers have excess manufacturing capacity, as was the case when the markets that we serve experienced a significant downturn in 2008 and 2009 that resulted in underutilized capacity. Should our
existing and potential customers continue to have excess manufacturing capacity at their facilities, it could adversely affect our business. In addition, as a result of the October and November 2011 flooding in Thailand, some of our customers began
manufacturing products internally or using other third-party manufacturers that were not affected by the flooding. If our customers choose to manufacture products internally rather than to outsource production to us, or choose to outsource to a
third-party manufacturer, our business, financial condition and operating results could be harmed.    Competitors in the market for optical
manufacturing services include Benchmark Electronics, Inc., Celestica Inc., Sanmina-SCI Corporation, Jabil Circuit, Inc., and Venture Corporation Limited. Our customized optics and glass operations face competition from companies such as Browave
Corporation, Fujian Castech Crystals, Inc., Photop Technologies, Inc., and Research Electro-Optic, Inc. Other existing contract manufacturing companies, original design manufacturers or outsourced semiconductor assembly and test companies could also
enter our target markets. In addition, we may face more competitors as we attempt to penetrate new markets.    Many of our customers and
potential competitors have longer operating histories, greater name recognition, larger customer bases and significantly greater resources than we have. These advantages may allow them to devote greater resources than we can to the development and
promotion of service offerings that are similar or superior to our service offerings. These competitors may also engage in more extensive research and development, undertake more far-reaching marketing campaigns, adopt more aggressive pricing
policies or offer services that achieve greater market acceptance than ours. These competitors may also compete with us by making more attractive offers to our existing and potential employees, suppliers, and strategic partners. Further,
consolidation in the optics industry could lead to larger and more geographically diverse competitors. New and increased competition could result in price reductions for our services, reduced gross profit margins or loss of market share. We may not
be able to compete successfully against our current and future competitors, and the competitive pressures we face may harm our business, financial condition and operating results.  
   Cancellations, delays or reductions of customer orders and the relatively short-term nature of the commitments of our customers could
harm our business, financial condition and operating results.      We do not typically obtain firm purchase orders or commitments from
our customers that extend beyond 13 weeks. While we work closely with our customers to develop forecasts for periods of up to one year, these forecasts are not fully binding and may be unreliable. Customers may cancel their orders, change production
quantities from forecasted volumes or delay production for a number of reasons beyond our control. Any material delay, cancellation or reduction of orders could cause our revenues to decline significantly and could cause us to hold excess materials.
Many of our costs and operating expenses are fixed. As a result, a reduction in customer demand could decrease our gross profit and harm our business, financial condition and operating results.  
 In addition, we make significant decisions, including production schedules, material procurement commitments, personnel needs and other
resource requirements, based on our estimate of our customers  requirements. The short-term nature of our customers  commitments and the possibility of rapid changes in demand for their products reduce our ability to accurately estimate
the future requirements of our customers. Inability to forecast the level of customer orders  
      41  

Table of Contents  

with certainty makes it difficult to allocate resources to specific customers, order appropriate levels of materials and maximize the use of our manufacturing capacity. This could also lead to an
inability to meet a spike in production demand, all of which could harm our business, financial condition and operating results.  
   Our exposure to financially troubled customers or suppliers could harm our business, financial condition and operating results.
     We provide manufacturing services to companies, and rely on suppliers, that have in the past and may in the future experience
financial difficulty, particularly in light of recent conditions in the credit markets and the overall economy that affected access to capital and liquidity. As a result, we devote significant resources to monitor receivables and inventory balances
with certain of our customers. If our customers experience financial difficulty, we could have difficulty recovering amounts owed to us from these customers, or demand for our services from these customers could decline. If our suppliers experience
financial difficulty, we could have trouble sourcing materials necessary to fulfill production requirements and meet scheduled shipments. Any such financial difficulty could adversely affect our operating results and financial condition by resulting
in a reduction in our revenues, a charge for inventory write-offs, a provision for doubtful accounts, and an increase in working capital requirements due to increases in days in inventory and in days in accounts receivable. For example, in July
2014, one of our customers filed for bankruptcy protection under the Local Trade Court in France; however, the potential losses from this particular customer did not have a significant effect on our unaudited condensed consolidated financial
statements.      Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and changes in governmental policies regarding foreign currencies could
increase our operating costs, which would adversely affect our operating results.      Volatility in the functional and non-functional
currencies of our entities and the U.S. dollar could seriously harm our business, financial condition, and operating results. The primary impact of currency exchange fluctuations is on our cash, receivables, and payables of our operating entities.
We may experience significant unexpected expenses from fluctuations in exchange rates.    Our customer contracts generally require that our
customers pay us in U.S. dollars. However, the majority of our payroll and other operating expenses are paid in Thai baht. As a result of these arrangements, we have significant exposure to changes in the exchange rate between the Thai baht and the
U.S. dollar, and our operating results are adversely impacted when the U.S. dollar depreciates relative to the Thai baht and other currencies. We have experienced such depreciation in the U.S. dollar as compared with the Thai baht, and our results
have been adversely impacted by this fluctuation in exchange rates. As of September 30, 2016, the U.S. dollar had appreciated approximately 7.3% against the Thai baht since September 26, 2014. Further, while we attempt to hedge against certain
exchange rate risks, we typically enter into hedging contracts with maturities of up to 12 months, leaving us exposed to longer term changes in exchange rates.  
 Also, we have significant exposure to changes in the exchange rate between the RMB and GBP and the U.S. dollar. The expenses of our PRC and
the United Kingdom ( UK ) subsidiary are denominated in RMB and GBP, respectively. Currently, RMB are convertible in connection with trade- and service-related foreign exchange transactions, foreign debt service, and payment of dividends.
The PRC government may at its discretion restrict access in the future to foreign currencies for current account transactions. If this occurs, our PRC subsidiary may not be able to pay us dividends in U.S. dollars without prior approval from the PRC
State Administration of Foreign Exchange. In addition, conversion of RMB for most capital account items, including direct investments, is still subject to government approval in the PRC. This restriction may limit our ability to invest the earnings
of our PRC subsidiary. As of September 30, 2016, the U.S. dollar had appreciated approximately 8.9% against the RMB since September 26, 2014. There remains significant international pressure on the PRC government to adopt a substantially more
liberalized currency policy. GBP are convertible in connection with trade- and service-related foreign exchange transaction and foreign debt service. As of September 30, 2016, the U.S. dollar had appreciated approximately 26.0% against the GBP
since September 26, 2014. Any appreciation in the value of the RMB and GBP against the U.S. dollar could negatively impact our operating results.  
   We purchase some of the critical materials used in certain of our products from a single source or a limited number of suppliers. Supply
shortages have in the past, and could in the future, impair the quality, reduce the availability or increase the cost of materials, which could harm our revenues, profitability and customer relations.    
 We rely on a single source or a limited number of suppliers for critical materials used in a significant number of the products we
manufacture. We generally purchase these single or limited source materials through standard purchase orders and do not maintain long-term supply agreements with our suppliers. We generally use a rolling 12 month forecast based on anticipated
product orders, customer forecasts, product order history, backlog, and warranty and service demand to determine our materials requirements. Lead times for the parts and components that we order vary significantly and depend on factors such as
manufacturing cycle times, manufacturing yields, and the availability of raw materials used to produce the parts or components. Historically, we have experienced supply shortages resulting from  
      42  

Table of Contents  

various causes, including reduced yields by our suppliers, which prevented us from manufacturing products for our customers in a timely manner. Our revenues, profitability and customer relations
could be harmed by a stoppage or delay of supply, a substitution of more expensive or less reliable parts, the receipt of defective parts or contaminated materials, an increase in the price of supplies, or an inability to obtain reductions in price
from our suppliers in response to competitive pressures.    We continue to undertake programs to strengthen our supply chain. Nevertheless,
we are experiencing, and expect for the foreseeable future to continue to experience, strain on our supply chain, and periodic supplier problems. We have incurred, and expect to continue to incur for the foreseeable future, costs to address these
problems.      Managing our inventory is complex and may require write-downs due to excess or obsolete inventory, which could cause our
operating results to decrease significantly in a given fiscal period.      Managing our inventory is complex. We are generally
required to procure material based upon the anticipated demand of our customers. The inaccuracy of these forecasts or estimates could result in excess supply or shortages of certain materials. Inventory that is not used or expected to be used as and
when planned may become excess or obsolete. Generally, we are unable to use most of the materials purchased for one of our customers to manufacture products for any of our other customers. Additionally, we could experience reduced or delayed product
shipments or incur additional inventory write-downs and cancellation charges or penalties, which would increase costs and could harm our business, financial condition and operating results. While our agreements with customers are structured to
mitigate our risks related to excess or obsolete inventory, enforcement of these provisions may result in material expense, and delay in payment for inventory. If any of our significant customers becomes unable or unwilling to purchase inventory or
does not agree to such contractual provisions in the future, our business, financial condition and operating results may be harmed.  
   We conduct operations in a number of countries, which creates logistical and communications challenges for us and exposes us to other
risks that could harm our business, financial condition and operating results.      The vast majority of our operations, including
manufacturing and customer support, are located primarily in the Asia-Pacific region. The distances between Thailand, the PRC and our customers and suppliers globally, create a number of logistical and communications challenges for us, including
managing operations across multiple time zones, directing the manufacture and delivery of products across significant distances, coordinating the procurement of raw materials and their delivery to multiple locations and coordinating the activities
and decisions of our management team, the members of which are based in different countries.    Our customers are located throughout the
world. Total revenues from the bill-to-location of customers outside of North America accounted for 50.0% and 50.8% of our total revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and September 25, 2015, respectively. We expect that total
revenues from the bill-to-location of customers outside of North America will continue to account for a significant portion of our total revenues. Our customers also depend on international sales, which further exposes us to the risks associated
with international operations. In addition, our international operations and sales subject us to a variety of domestic and foreign trade regulatory requirements.  
   Political unrest and demonstrations, as well as changes in the political, social, business or economic conditions in Thailand, could
harm our business, financial condition and operating results.      The majority of our assets and manufacturing operations are located
in Thailand. Therefore, political, social, business and economic conditions in Thailand have a significant effect on our business. In March 2016, Thailand was assessed as a medium-high political risk by AON Political Risk, a risk management,
insurance and consulting firm. Any changes to tax regimes, laws, exchange controls or political action in Thailand may harm our business, financial condition and operating results.  
 Thailand has a history of political unrest that includes the involvement of the military as an active participant in the ruling government. In
recent years, political unrest in the country has sparked political demonstrations and, in some instances, violence. In May 2014, the Thai military took over the government in a coup, and it continues to rule the country today. It is unknown how
long it may take for the current political situation to be resolved and for democracy to be restored, or what effects the current political situation may have on Thailand and the surrounding region. Most recently, in October 2016, Thailand s
King Bhumibol Adulyadej died at the age of 88. Aside from the mourning among Thai people across Thailand, the condition in the country is still calm and peaceful, and we do not see any negative impact to our business in Thailand. Any succession
crisis in the Kingdom of Thailand could cause new or increased political instability, which could prevent shipments from entering or leaving the country and disrupt our ability to manufacture products in Thailand, and we could be forced to transfer
our manufacturing activities to more stable, and potentially more costly, regions.  
      43  

Table of Contents  

  Further, the Thai government may raise the minimum wage standards for labor and could repeal
certain promotional certificates that we have received or tax holidays for certain export and value added taxes that we enjoy, either preventing us from engaging in our current or anticipated activities or subjecting us to higher tax rates. A new
regime could nationalize our business or otherwise seize our assets and any other future political instability could harm our business, financial condition and operating results.  
   We expect to continue to invest in our manufacturing operations in the PRC, which will continue to expose us to risks inherent in doing
business in the PRC, any of which risks could harm our business, financial condition and operating results.      We anticipate that we
will continue to invest in our customized optics manufacturing facilities located in Fuzhou, China. Because these operations are located in the PRC, they are subject to greater political, legal and economic risks than the geographies in which the
facilities of many of our competitors and customers are located. In particular, the political and economic climate in the PRC (both at national and regional levels) is fluid and unpredictable. In March 2016, AON Political Risk assessed the PRC as a
medium political risk. A large part of the PRC s economy is still being operated under varying degrees of control by the PRC government. By imposing industrial policies and other economic measures, such as control of foreign exchange, taxation,
import and export tariffs, environmental regulations, land use rights, intellectual property and restrictions on foreign participation in the domestic market of various industries, the PRC government exerts considerable direct and indirect influence
on the development of the PRC economy. Many of the economic reforms carried out by the PRC government are unprecedented or experimental and are expected to change further. Any changes to the political, legal or economic climate in the PRC could harm
our business, financial condition and operating results.    Our PRC subsidiary is a  wholly foreign-owned enterprise  and is
therefore subject to laws and regulations applicable to foreign investment in the PRC, in general, and laws and regulations applicable to wholly foreign-owned enterprises, in particular. The PRC has made significant progress in the promulgation of
laws and regulations pertaining to economic matters such as corporate organization and governance, foreign investment, commerce, taxation and trade. However, the promulgation of new laws, changes in existing laws and abrogation of local regulations
by national laws may have a negative impact on our business and prospects. In addition, these laws and regulations are relatively new, and published cases are limited in volume and non-binding. Therefore, the interpretation and enforcement of these
laws and regulations involve significant uncertainties. Laws may be changed with little or no prior notice, for political or other reasons. These uncertainties could limit the legal protections available to foreign investors. Furthermore, any
litigation in the PRC may be protracted and result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and management s attention.  
   Our business and operations would be adversely impacted in the event of a failure of our information technology infrastructure and/or
cyber security attacks.      We rely upon the capacity, availability and security of our information technology hardware and software
infrastructure. For instance, we use a combination of standard and customized software platforms to manage, record, and report all aspects of our operations and, in many instances, enable our customers to remotely access certain areas of our
databases to monitor yields, inventory positions, work-in-progress status and vendor quality data. We are constantly expanding and updating our information technology infrastructure in response to our changing needs. Any failure to manage, expand
and update our information technology infrastructure or any failure in the operation of this infrastructure could harm our business.  
 Despite our implementation of security measures, our systems are vulnerable to damages from computer viruses, natural disasters, unauthorized
access and other similar disruptions. Any system failure, accident or security breach could result in disruptions to our operations. To the extent that any disruptions, cyber-attack or other security breach results in a loss or damage to our data,
or inappropriate disclosure of confidential information, it could harm our business. In addition, we may be required to incur significant costs to protect against damage caused by these disruptions or security breaches in the future.  
   Consolidation in the markets we serve could harm our business, financial condition and operating results.    
 Consolidation in the markets we serve has resulted in a reduction in the number of potential customers for our services. In some cases,
consolidation among our customers has led to a reduction in demand for our services as customers acquired the capacity to manufacture products in-house.  
 Consolidation among our customers and their customers may continue and may adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating
results in several ways. Consolidation among our customers and their customers may result in a smaller number of large customers whose size and purchasing power give them increased leverage that may result in, among other things, decreases in our
average selling prices. In addition to pricing pressures, this consolidation may also reduce overall demand for our manufacturing services if customers obtain new capacity to manufacture products in-house or discontinue duplicate or competing
product lines in order to streamline operations. If demand for our manufacturing services decreases, our business, financial condition and operating results could be harmed.  
      44  

Table of Contents  

    Unfavorable worldwide economic conditions may negatively affect our business, operating
results and financial condition.      Volatility and disruption in the capital and credit markets, depressed consumer confidence, and
negative global economic conditions have affected levels of business and consumer spending. Concerns about the potential default of various national bonds and debt backed by individual countries as well as the politics impacting these, could
negatively impact the U.S. and global economies and adversely affect our financial results. In particular, Brexit and recent economic uncertainty in Europe has led to reduced demand in some of our customers  optical communications product
portfolios. Brexit could also lead to economic and legal uncertainty, including significant volatility in global stock markets and currency exchange rates, and increasingly divergent laws and regulations as the United Kingdom determines which
European Union laws to replace or replicate. Any of these effects of Brexit, among others, could adversely affect our financial results. If economic conditions in Europe do not recover or if they continue to deteriorate, our operating results could
be harmed.    Uncertainty about worldwide economic conditions poses a risk as businesses may further reduce or postpone spending in response
to reduced budgets, tight credit, negative financial news and declines in income or asset values, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and increase the volatility of our share price. In addition,
our ability to access capital markets may be restricted, which could have an impact on our ability to react to changing economic and business conditions and could also adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.  
   If we fail to adequately expand our manufacturing capacity, we will not be able to grow our business, which would harm our business,
financial condition and operating results. Conversely, if we expand too much or too rapidly, we may experience excess capacity, which would harm our business, financial condition and operating results.    
 We may not be able to pursue many large customer orders or sustain our historical growth rates if we do not have sufficient manufacturing
capacity to enable us to commit to provide customers with specified quantities of products. If our customers do not believe that we have sufficient manufacturing capacity, they may: (1) outsource all of their production to another source that they
believe can fulfill all of their production requirements; (2) look to a second source for the manufacture of additional quantities of the products that we currently manufacture for them; (3) manufacture the products themselves; or (4) otherwise
decide against using our services for their new products.    In February 2015, we expanded our manufacturing capacity with the purchase of
land and a building in Santa Clara, California. In December 2015, we completed the purchase of land in Chonburi, Thailand and began construction of a new manufacturing facility on such land, which we substantially completed in October 2016. We may
continue to devote significant resources to the expansion of our manufacturing capacity, and any such expansion will be expensive, will require management s time and may disrupt our operations. In the event we are unsuccessful in our attempts
to expand our manufacturing capacity, our business, financial condition and operating results could be harmed.    However, if we expand our
manufacturing capacity and are unable to promptly utilize the additional space due to reduced demand for our services, an inability to win new projects, new customers or penetrate new markets, or if the optics industry does not grow as we expect, we
may experience periods of excess capacity, which could harm our business, financial condition and operating results.      We may
experience manufacturing yields that are lower than expected, potentially resulting in increased costs, which could harm our business, operating results and customer relations.    
 Manufacturing yields depend on a number of factors, including the following:  

the quality of input, materials and equipment;        

the quality and feasibility of our customer s design;        

the repeatability and complexity of the manufacturing process;        

the experience and quality of training of our manufacturing and engineering teams; and        

the monitoring of the manufacturing environment.    
      45  

Table of Contents  

  Lower volume production due to continually changing designs generally results in lower yields.
Manufacturing yields and margins can also be lower if we receive or inadvertently use defective or contaminated materials from our suppliers. In addition, our customer contracts typically provide that we will supply products at a fixed price each
quarter, which assumes specific production yields and quality metrics. If we do not meet the yield assumptions and quality metrics used in calculating the price of a product, we may not be able to recover the costs associated with our failure to do
so. Consequently, our operating results and profitability may be harmed.      If the products that we manufacture contain defects, we
could incur significant correction costs, demand for our services may decline and we may be exposed to product liability and product warranty claims, which could harm our business, financial condition, operating results and customer relations.
     We manufacture products to our customers  specifications, and our manufacturing processes and facilities must comply with
applicable statutory and regulatory requirements. In addition, our customers  products and the manufacturing processes that we use to produce them are often complex. As a result, products that we manufacture may at times contain manufacturing
or design defects, and our manufacturing processes may be subject to errors or fail to be in compliance with applicable statutory or regulatory requirements. Additionally, not all defects are immediately detectible. The testing procedures of our
customers are generally limited to the evaluation of the products that we manufacture under likely and foreseeable failure scenarios. For various reasons (including, among others, the occurrence of performance problems that are unforeseeable at the
time of testing or that are detected only when products are fully deployed and operated under peak stress conditions), these products may fail to perform as expected after their initial acceptance by a customer.  
 We generally provide a warranty of between one to two years on the products that we manufacture for our customers. This warranty typically
guarantees that products will conform to our customers  specifications and be free from defects in workmanship. Defects in the products we manufacture, whether caused by a design, engineering, manufacturing or component failure or by
deficiencies in our manufacturing processes and whether during or after the warranty period, could result in product or component failures, which may damage our business reputation, whether or not we are indemnified for such failures. We could also
incur significant costs to repair or replace defective products under warranty, particularly when such failures occur in installed systems. In some instances, we may also be required to incur costs to repair or replace defective products outside of
the warranty period in the event that a recurring defect is discovered in a certain percentage of a customer s products delivered over an agreed upon period of time. We have experienced product or component failures in the past and remain
exposed to such failures, as the products that we manufacture are widely deployed throughout the world in multiple environments and applications. Further, due to the difficulty in determining whether a given defect resulted from our customer s
design of the product or our manufacturing process, we may be exposed to product liability or product warranty claims arising from defects that are not our fault. In addition, if the number or type of defects exceeds certain percentage limitations
contained in our contractual arrangements, we may be required to conduct extensive failure analysis, re-qualify for production or cease production of the specified products.  
 Product liability claims may include liability for personal injury or property damage. Product warranty claims may include liability to pay
for a recall, repair or replacement of a product or component. Although liability for these claims is generally assigned to our customers in our contracts, even where they have assumed liability, our customers may not, or may not have the resources
to, satisfy claims for costs or liabilities arising from a defective product. Additionally, under one of our contracts, in the event the products we manufacture do not meet the end-customer s testing requirements or otherwise fail, we may be
required to pay penalties to our customer, including a fee during the time period that the customer or end-customer s production line is not operational as a result of the failure of the products that we manufacture, all of which could harm our
business, operating results and customer relations. If we engineer or manufacture a product that is found to cause any personal injury or property damage or is otherwise found to be defective, we could incur significant costs to resolve the claim.
While we maintain insurance for certain product liability claims, we do not maintain insurance for any recalls and, therefore, would be required to pay any associated costs that are determined to be our responsibility. A successful product liability
or product warranty claim in excess of our insurance coverage or any material claim for which insurance coverage is denied, limited, is not available or has not been obtained could harm our business, financial condition and operating results.  
   If we are unable to meet regulatory quality standards applicable to our manufacturing and quality processes for the products we
manufacture, our business, financial condition or operating results could be harmed.      As a manufacturer of products for the optics
industry, we are required to meet certain certification standards, including the following: ISO9001 for Manufacturing Quality Management Systems; ISO14001 for Environmental Management Systems; TL9000 for Telecommunications Industry Quality
Certification; ISO/TS16949 for Automotive Industry Quality Certification; ISO13485 for Medical Devices Industry Quality Certification; AS9100 for Aerospace Industry Quality Certification; and OHSAS18001 for Occupational Health and Safety Management
Systems. We also maintain compliance with various additional standards imposed by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, with respect to the manufacture of medical devices.  
      46  

Table of Contents  

  Additionally, we are required to register with the FDA and other regulatory bodies and are
subject to continual review and periodic inspection for compliance with various regulations, including testing, quality control and documentation procedures. We hold the following additional certifications: ANSI ESD S20.20 for facilities and
manufacturing process control, in compliance with ESD standard; Transported Asset Protection Association, or TAPA, for Logistic Security Management System; and CSR-DIW for Corporate Social Responsibility in Thailand. In the European Union, we are
required to maintain certain ISO certifications in order to sell our precision optical, electro-mechanical and electronic manufacturing services and we must undergo periodic inspections by regulatory bodies to obtain and maintain these
certifications. If any regulatory inspection reveals that we are not in compliance with applicable standards, regulators may take action against us, including issuing a warning letter, imposing fines on us, requiring a recall of the products we
manufactured for our customers, or closing our manufacturing facilities. If any of these actions were to occur, it could harm our reputation as well as our business, financial condition and operating results.  
   If we fail to attract additional skilled employees or retain key personnel, our business, financial condition and operating results
could suffer.      Our future success depends, in part, upon our ability to attract additional skilled employees and retain our
current key personnel. We have identified several areas where we intend to expand our hiring, including business development, finance, human resources, operations and supply chain management. We may not be able to hire and retain such personnel at
compensation levels consistent with our existing compensation and salary structure. Our future also depends on the continued contributions of our executive management team, including Mr. Mitchell, and other key management and technical personnel,
each of whom would be difficult to replace. We do not have key person life insurance or long-term employment contracts with any of our key personnel. The loss of any of our executive officers or key personnel or the inability to continue to attract
qualified personnel could harm our business, financial condition and operating results.      Failure to comply with applicable
environmental laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.    
 The sale and manufacturing of products in certain states and countries may subject us to environmental laws and regulations. In addition,
rules adopted by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) implementing the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 impose diligence and disclosure requirements regarding the use of  conflict 
minerals mined from the Democratic Republic of Congo and adjoining countries in the products we manufacture for our customers. Compliance with these rules has resulted in additional cost and expense, including for due diligence to determine and
verify the sources of any conflict minerals used in the products we manufacture, and may result in additional costs of remediation and other changes to processes or sources of supply as a consequence of such verification activities. These rules may
also affect the sourcing and availability of minerals used in the products we manufacture, as there may be only a limited number of suppliers offering  conflict free  metals that can be used in the products we manufacture for our
customers.    Although we do not anticipate any material adverse effects based on the nature of our operations and these laws and
regulations, we will need to ensure that we and, in some cases, our suppliers comply with applicable laws and regulations. If we fail to timely comply with such laws and regulations, our customers may cease doing business with us, which would have a
material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, if we were found to be in violation of these laws, we could be subject to governmental fines, liability to our customers and damage to our
reputation, which would also have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.      We have
incurred and will continue to incur significant increased costs as a result of operating as a public company, and our management will be required to continue to devote substantial time to various compliance initiatives.    
 The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010, as well as other rules implemented by
the SEC and the New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ), impose various requirements on public companies, including requiring changes in corporate governance practices. These and proposed corporate governance laws and regulations under
consideration may further increase our compliance costs. If compliance with these various legal and regulatory requirements diverts our management s attention from other business concerns, it could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition and results of operations. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we assess the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting annually and disclosure controls and procedures
quarterly. While we were able to assert in our Annual Report on Form 10-K that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of June 24, 2016, we cannot predict the outcome of our testing in future periods. If we are unable to
assert in any future reporting periods that our internal control over financial reporting is effective (or if our independent registered public accounting firm is unable to express an opinion on the effectiveness of our internal controls), we could
lose investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, which would have an adverse effect on our share price.  
      47  

Table of Contents  

  Given the nature and complexity of our business and the fact that some members of our management
team are located in Thailand while others are located in the United States, control deficiencies may periodically occur. For example, following an internal investigation by the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors in September 2014 concerning
various accounting cut-off issues, we identified certain significant deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting, which have been remediated. While we have ongoing measures and procedures to prevent and remedy control deficiencies,
if they occur there can be no assurance that we will be successful or that we will be able to prevent material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting in the future. Moreover, if we identify
deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting that are deemed to be material weaknesses in future periods, the market price of our ordinary shares could decline and we could be subject to potential delisting by the NYSE and review by
the NYSE, the SEC, or other regulatory authorities, which would require the expenditure by us of additional financial and management resources. As a result, our shareholders could lose confidence in our financial reporting, which would harm our
business and the market price of our ordinary shares.     We are subject to the risk of increased income taxes, which could harm our
business, financial condition and operating results.      We base our tax position upon the anticipated nature and conduct of our
business and upon our understanding of the tax laws of the various countries in which we have assets or conduct activities. However, our tax position is subject to review and possible challenge by tax authorities and to possible changes in law,
which may have retroactive effect. Fabrinet (the  Cayman Islands Parent ) is an exempted company incorporated in the Cayman Islands. We maintain manufacturing operations in Thailand, the PRC and the United States, any of which
jurisdictions could assert tax claims against us. We cannot determine in advance the extent to which some jurisdictions may require us to pay taxes or make payments in lieu of taxes. Preferential tax treatment from the Thai government in the form of
a corporate tax exemption is currently available to us through June 2020 on income generated from the manufacture of products at Pinehurst Building 6. Such preferential tax treatment is contingent on various factors, including the export of our
customers  products out of Thailand and our agreement not to move our manufacturing facilities out of our current province in Thailand for at least 15 years from the date on which preferential tax treatment was granted. We will lose this
favorable tax treatment in Thailand unless we comply with these restrictions, and as a result we may delay or forego certain strategic business decisions due to these tax considerations. In addition, we benefit from permanent reductions in corporate
tax rates in Thailand for fiscal years 2017 onward.    There is also a risk that Thailand or another jurisdiction in which we operate may
treat the Cayman Islands Parent as having a permanent establishment in such jurisdiction and subject its income to tax. If we become subject to additional taxes in any jurisdiction or if any jurisdiction begins to treat the Cayman Islands Parent as
having a permanent establishment, such tax treatment could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results.  
 Certain of our subsidiaries provide products and services to, and may from time to time undertake certain significant transactions with, us
and our other subsidiaries in different jurisdictions. For instance, we have intercompany agreements in place that provide for our California and Singapore subsidiaries to provide administrative services for the Cayman Islands Parent, and the Cayman
Islands Parent has entered into manufacturing agreements with our Thai subsidiary. In general, related party transactions and, in particular, related party financing transactions, are subject to close review by tax authorities. Moreover, several
jurisdictions in which we operate have tax laws with detailed transfer pricing rules that require all transactions with non-resident related parties to be priced using arm s length pricing principles and require the existence of contemporaneous
documentation to support such pricing. Tax authorities in various jurisdictions could challenge the validity of our related party transfer pricing policies. Such a challenge generally involves a complex area of taxation and a significant degree of
judgment by management. If any taxation authorities are successful in challenging our financing or transfer pricing policies, our income tax expense may be adversely affected and we could become subject to interest and penalty charges, which may
harm our business, financial condition and operating results.      We may encounter difficulties completing or integrating acquisitions,
asset purchases and other types of transactions that we may pursue in the future, which could disrupt our business, cause dilution to our shareholders and harm our business, financial condition and operating results.    
 We have grown and may continue to grow our business through acquisitions, asset purchases and other types of transactions, including the
transfer of products from our customers and their suppliers. Most recently, we acquired Exception EMS in September 2016. Acquisitions and other strategic transactions typically involve many risks, including the following:  

the integration of the acquired assets and facilities into our business may be difficult, time-consuming and costly, and may adversely impact our profitability;    
      48  

Table of Contents  

we may lose key employees of the acquired companies or divisions;        

we may issue additional ordinary shares, which would dilute our current shareholders  percentage ownership in us;        

we may incur indebtedness to pay for the transactions;        

we may assume liabilities, some of which may be unknown at the time of the transactions;        

we may record goodwill and non-amortizable intangible assets that will be subject to impairment testing and potential periodic impairment charges;    

we may incur amortization expenses related to certain intangible assets;        

we may devote significant resources to transactions that may not ultimately yield anticipated benefits;        

we may incur greater than expected expenses or lower than expected revenues;        

we may assume obligations with respect to regulatory requirements, including environmental regulations, which may prove more burdensome than expected; or    

we may become subject to litigation.      Acquisitions are inherently risky, and we can provide no
assurance that the acquisition of Exception EMS or any future acquisitions will be successful or will not harm our business, financial condition and operating results.  
   We may not be able to obtain capital when desired on favorable terms, if at all, or without dilution to our shareholders.    
 We anticipate that our current cash and cash equivalents, together with cash provided by operating activities and funds available through our
working capital and credit facilities, will be sufficient to meet our current and anticipated needs for general corporate purposes for at least the next 12 months. We operate in a market, however, that makes our prospects difficult to evaluate. It
is possible that we may not generate sufficient cash flow from operations or otherwise have the capital resources to meet our future capital needs. If this occurs, we may need additional financing to execute on our current or future business
strategies.    Furthermore, if we raise additional funds through the issuance of equity or convertible debt securities, the percentage
ownership of our shareholders could be significantly diluted, and these newly-issued securities may have rights, preferences or privileges senior to those of existing shareholders. If adequate additional funds are not available or are not available
on acceptable terms, if and when needed, our ability to fund our operations, take advantage of unanticipated opportunities, develop or enhance our manufacturing services, hire additional technical and other personnel, or otherwise respond to
competitive pressures could be significantly limited.      Intellectual property infringement claims against our customers or us could
harm our business, financial condition and operating results.      Our services involve the creation and use of intellectual property
rights, which subject us to the risk of intellectual property infringement claims from third parties and claims arising from the allocation of intellectual property rights among us and our customers.  
 Our customers may require that we indemnify them against the risk of intellectual property infringement arising out of our manufacturing
processes. If any claims are brought against us or our customers for such infringement, whether or not these claims have merit, we could be required to expend significant resources in defense of such claims. In the event of an infringement claim, we
may be required to spend a significant amount of money to develop non-infringing alternatives or obtain licenses. We may not be successful in developing such alternatives or obtaining such licenses on reasonable terms or at all, which could harm our
business, financial condition and operating results.  
      49  

Table of Contents  

    Any failure to protect our customers  intellectual property that we use in the
products we manufacture for them could harm our customer relationships and subject us to liability.      We focus on manufacturing
complex optical products for our customers. These products often contain our customers  intellectual property, including trade secrets and know-how. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to protect our customers  intellectual
property. We may maintain separate and secure areas for customer proprietary manufacturing processes and materials and dedicate floor space, equipment, engineers and supply chain management to protect our customers  proprietary drawings,
materials and products. The steps we take to protect our customers  intellectual property may not adequately prevent its disclosure or misappropriation. If we fail to protect our customers  intellectual property, our customer relationships
could be harmed and we may experience difficulty in establishing new customer relationships. In addition, our customers might pursue legal claims against us for any failure to protect their intellectual property, possibly resulting in harm to our
reputation and our business, financial condition and operating results.      There are inherent uncertainties involved in estimates,
judgments and assumptions used in the preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Any changes in estimates, judgments and assumptions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating
results.      The preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP involves making estimates, judgments and
assumptions that affect reported amounts of assets (including intangible assets), liabilities and related reserves, revenues, expenses and income. Estimates, judgments and assumptions are inherently subject to change in the future, and any such
changes could result in corresponding changes to the amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses and income. Any such changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.  
   We are subject to governmental export and import controls in several jurisdictions that could subject us to liability or impair our
ability to compete in international markets.      We are subject to governmental export and import controls in Thailand, the PRC, the
United Kingdom and the United States that may limit our business opportunities. Various countries regulate the import of certain technologies and have enacted laws that could limit our ability to export or sell the products we manufacture. The
export of certain technologies from the United States, the United Kingdom and other nations to the PRC is barred by applicable export controls, and similar prohibitions could be extended to Thailand, thereby limiting our ability to manufacture
certain products. Any change in export or import regulations or related legislation, shift in approach to the enforcement of existing regulations, or change in the countries, persons or technologies targeted by such regulations, could limit our
ability to offer our manufacturing services to existing or potential customers, which could harm our business, financial condition and operating results.  
   The loan agreements for our long-term debt obligations and other credit facilities contain financial ratio covenants that may impair our
ability to conduct our business.      The loan agreements for our long-term and short-term debt obligations contain financial ratio
covenants that may limit management s discretion with respect to certain business matters. These covenants require us to maintain a specified debt-to-equity ratio, debt service coverage ratio (earnings before interest and depreciation and
amortization plus cash on hand minus short-term debt), a minimum tangible net worth and a minimum quick ratio, which may restrict our ability to incur additional indebtedness and limit our ability to use our cash. In the event of our default on
these loans or a breach of a covenant, the lenders may immediately cancel the loan agreement, deem the full amount of the outstanding indebtedness immediately due and payable, charge us interest on a monthly basis on the full amount of the
outstanding indebtedness and, if we cannot repay all of our outstanding obligations, sell the assets pledged as collateral for the loan in order to fulfill our obligation. We may also be held responsible for any damages and related expenses incurred
by the lender as a result of any default. Any failure by us or our subsidiaries to comply with these agreements could harm our business, financial condition and operating results.  
   Our investment portfolio may become impaired by deterioration of the capital markets.    
 We use professional investment management firms to manage our excess cash and cash equivalents. Our marketable securities as of September 30,
2016 are primarily investments in a fixed income portfolio, including corporate bonds and commercial paper, U.S. agency and U.S. Treasury securities, and sovereign and municipal securities. Our investment portfolio may become impaired by
deterioration of the capital markets. We follow an established investment policy and set of guidelines to monitor and help mitigate our exposure to interest rate and credit risk. The policy sets forth credit quality standards and limits our exposure
to any one issuer, as well as our maximum exposure to various asset classes. The policy also provides that we may not invest in marketable securities with a maturity in excess of three years.  
      50  

Table of Contents  

  We regularly review our investment portfolio to determine if any security is
other-than-temporarily impaired, which would require us to record an impairment charge in the period any such determination is made. In making this judgment, we evaluate, among other things, the duration and extent to which the fair value of a
security is less than its cost; the financial condition of the issuer and any changes thereto; and our intent to sell, or whether we will more likely than not be required to sell, the security before recovery of its amortized cost basis. Our
assessment on whether a security is other-than-temporarily impaired could change in the future due to new developments or changes in assumptions related to any particular security. 
 Should financial market conditions worsen, investments in some financial instruments may pose risks arising from market liquidity and credit
concerns. In addition, any deterioration of the capital markets could cause our other income and expense to vary from expectations. As of September 30, 2016, we did not record any impairment charges associated with our investment portfolio of
marketable securities, and although we believe our current investment portfolio has little risk of material impairment, we cannot predict future market conditions or market liquidity, or credit availability, and can provide no assurance that our
investment portfolio will remain materially unimpaired.      Energy price volatility may negatively impact our results of operations.
     We, along with our suppliers and customers, rely on various energy sources in our manufacturing and transportation activities.
Energy prices have been subject to increases and volatility caused by market fluctuations, supply and demand, currency fluctuation, production and transportation disruption, world events and government regulations. While we are currently
experiencing lower energy prices, a significant increase is possible, which could increase our raw material and transportation costs. In addition, increased transportation costs of our suppliers and customers could be passed along to us. We may not
be able to increase our prices enough to offset these increased costs, and any increase in our prices may reduce our future customer orders, which could harm our business, financial condition and operating results.  
  Risks Related to Ownership of Our Ordinary Shares   
   Our share price may be volatile due to fluctuations in our operating results and other factors, including the activities and operating
results of our customers or competitors, any of which could cause our share price to decline.      Our revenues, expenses and results
of operations have fluctuated in the past and are likely to do so in the future from quarter to quarter and year to year due to the risk factors described in this section and elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. In addition to
market and industry factors, the price and trading volume of our ordinary shares may fluctuate in response to a number of events and factors relating to us, our competitors, our customers and the markets we serve, many of which are beyond our
control. Factors such as variations in our total revenues, earnings and cash flow, announcements of new investments or acquisitions, changes in our pricing practices or those of our competitors, commencement or outcome of litigation, sales of
ordinary shares by us or our principal shareholders, fluctuations in market prices for our services and general market conditions could cause the market price of our ordinary shares to change substantially. Any of these factors may result in large
and sudden changes in the volume and price at which our ordinary shares trade. Among other things, volatility and weakness in our share price could mean that investors may not be able to sell their shares at or above the prices they paid. Volatility
and weakness could also impair our ability in the future to offer our ordinary shares or convertible securities as a source of additional capital and/or as consideration in the acquisition of other businesses.  
 Furthermore, the stock markets have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have affected and continue to affect the market
prices of equity securities of many companies. These fluctuations often have been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies. These broad market and industry fluctuations, as well as general economic, political and
market conditions such as recessions, interest rate changes or international currency fluctuations, may cause the market price of our ordinary shares to decline. In the past, companies that have experienced volatility in the market price of their
stock have been subject to securities class action litigation. We may be the target of this type of litigation in the future. Securities litigation against us could result in substantial costs and divert our management s attention from other
business concerns, which could seriously harm our business.      If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or if they
publish misleading or unfavorable research about our business, the market price and trading volume of our ordinary shares could decline.    
 The trading market for our ordinary shares depends in part on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us
or our business. If securities or industry analysts stop covering us, or if too few analysts cover us, the market price of our ordinary shares would be adversely impacted. If one or more of the analysts who covers us downgrades our ordinary shares
or publishes misleading or unfavorable research about our business, our market price would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts ceases coverage of us or fails to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our ordinary shares could
decrease, which could cause the market price or trading volume of our ordinary shares to decline.  
      51  

Table of Contents  

    We may become a passive foreign investment company, which could result in adverse U.S. tax
consequences to U.S. investors.      Based upon estimates of the value of our assets, which are based in part on the trading price of
our ordinary shares, we do not expect to be a passive foreign investment company, or PFIC, for U.S. federal income tax purposes for the taxable year 2015 or for the foreseeable future. However, despite our expectations, we cannot assure you that we
will not be a PFIC for the taxable year 2015 or any future year because our PFIC status is determined at the end of each year and depends on the composition of our income and assets during such year. If we are a PFIC, our U.S. investors will be
subject to increased tax liabilities under U.S. tax laws and regulations and to burdensome reporting requirements.      Certain
provisions in our constitutional documents may discourage our acquisition by a third party, which could limit your opportunity to sell shares at a premium.    
 Our constitutional documents include provisions that could limit the ability of others to acquire control of us, modify our structure or cause
us to engage in change-of-control transactions, including, among other things, provisions that:      

establish a classified board of directors;        

prohibit our shareholders from calling meetings or acting by written consent in lieu of a meeting;        

limit the ability of our shareholders to propose actions at duly convened meetings; and        

authorize our board of directors, without action by our shareholders, to issue preferred shares and additional ordinary shares.    
 These provisions could have the effect of depriving you of an opportunity to sell your ordinary shares at a premium over prevailing market
prices by discouraging third parties from seeking to acquire control of us in a tender offer or similar transaction.      Our
shareholders may face difficulties in protecting their interests because we are incorporated under Cayman Islands law.      Our
corporate affairs are governed by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, by the Companies Law (as amended) of the Cayman Islands and the common law of the Cayman Islands. The rights of our shareholders and the fiduciary
responsibilities of our directors under the laws of the Cayman Islands are not as clearly established under statutes or judicial precedent as in jurisdictions in the United States. Therefore, you may have more difficulty in protecting your interests
than would shareholders of a corporation incorporated in a jurisdiction in the United States, due to the comparatively less developed nature of Cayman Islands law in this area.  
 The Companies Law permits mergers and consolidations between Cayman Islands companies and between Cayman Islands companies and non-Cayman
Islands companies. Dissenting shareholders have the right to be paid the fair value of their shares (which, if not agreed between the parties, will be determined by the Cayman Islands court) if they follow the required procedures, subject to certain
exceptions. Court approval is not required for a merger or consolidation which is effected in compliance with these statutory procedures.  
 In addition, there are statutory provisions that facilitate the reconstruction and amalgamation of companies, provided that the arrangement is
approved by a majority in number of each class of shareholders and creditors with whom the arrangement is to be made, and who must in addition represent three-fourths in value of each such class of shareholders or creditors, as the case may be, that
are present and voting either in person or by proxy at a meeting convened for that purpose. The convening of the meeting and subsequently the arrangement must be sanctioned by the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands. A dissenting shareholder has the
right to express to the court the view that the transaction ought not to be approved.   When a takeover offer is made and accepted by
holders of 90.0% of the shares within four months, the offeror may, within a two-month period, require the holders of the remaining shares to transfer such shares on the terms of the offer. An objection can be made to the Grand Court of the
Cayman Islands but this is unlikely to succeed unless there is evidence of fraud, bad faith or collusion.  
      52  

Table of Contents  

  If the arrangement and reconstruction is thus approved, the dissenting shareholder would have no
rights comparable to appraisal rights, which would otherwise ordinarily be available to dissenting shareholders of a corporation incorporated in a jurisdiction in the United States, providing rights to receive payment in cash for the judicially
determined value of the shares. This may make it more difficult for you to assess the value of any consideration you may receive in a merger or consolidation or to require that the offeror give you additional consideration if you believe the
consideration offered is insufficient.    Shareholders of Cayman Islands exempted companies have no general rights under Cayman Islands law
to inspect corporate records and accounts or to obtain copies of lists of shareholders. Our directors have discretion under our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to determine whether or not, and under what conditions, our
corporate records may be inspected by our shareholders, but are not obliged to make them available to our shareholders. This may make it more difficult for you to obtain the information needed to establish any facts necessary for a shareholder
motion or to solicit proxies from other shareholders in connection with a proxy contest.    Subject to limited exceptions, under Cayman
Islands law, a minority shareholder may not bring a derivative action against the board of directors.      Certain judgments obtained
against us by our shareholders may not be enforceable.      The Cayman Islands Parent is a Cayman Islands exempted company and
substantially all of our assets are located outside of the United States. In addition, some of our directors and officers are nationals and residents of countries other than the United States. A substantial portion of the assets of these persons is
located outside of the United States. As a result, it may be difficult to effect service of process within the United States upon these persons. It may also be difficult to enforce in U.S. courts judgments obtained in U.S. courts based on the civil
liability provisions of the U.S. federal securities laws against us and our officers and directors who are not resident in the United States and the substantial majority of whose assets are located outside of the United States. In addition, there is
uncertainty as to whether the courts of the Cayman Islands, Thailand or the PRC would recognize or enforce judgments of U.S. courts against us or such persons predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the securities laws of the United States
or any state. In particular, a judgment in a U.S. court would not be recognized and accepted by Thai courts without a re-trial or examination of the merits of the case. In addition, there is uncertainty as to whether such Cayman Islands, Thai or PRC
courts would be competent to hear original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, Thailand or the PRC against us or such persons predicated upon the securities laws of the United States or any state.  
    ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS   
   Sales of Unregistered Securities    
 Not applicable.     Purchases of Equity
Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers      Not applicable.  
  ITEMS 3, 4 and 5 are not applicable and have been omitted.   
    ITEM 6. EXHIBITS   
 The exhibits listed in the accompanying Exhibit Index are filed or incorporated by reference as part of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.
 
      53  

Table of Contents  

     SIGNATURE   
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be
signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on November 9, 2016.       

FABRINET    

By: 
   
   /s/    T OH -S ENG 
N G             
 
 Name: 
   
  Toh-Seng Ng   
 
 Title: 
   
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  

54  

Table of Contents  

     EXHIBIT INDEX   

55  

<EX-10.5>
 2
 d193780dex105.htm
 EX-10.5

EX-10.5 

Exhibit 10.5   
  FABRINET      2010
PERFORMANCE INCENTIVE PLAN       PERFORMANCE-BASED  RESTRICTED SHARE UNIT AGREEMENT   
 Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms defined in the Fabrinet 2010 Performance Incentive Plan (the  Plan ) will have the same
defined meanings in this Performance-based Restricted Share Unit Agreement, including the Notice of Performance-based Restricted Share Unit Grant (the  Notice of Grant ) and the Terms and Conditions of Performance-based Restricted Share
Unit Grant, attached hereto as  Exhibit A  (all together, the  Award Agreement ).      NOTICE OF PERFORMANCE-BASED RESTRICTED SHARE UNIT
GRANT       Participant Name:   
  Address:     The Eligible
Person named above (the  Participant ) has been granted the right to receive an Award of performance-based restricted share units ( Performance Share Units ), subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Award
Agreement, as follows:      

Grant Number 

Date of Grant 

Vesting Commencement Date 

Number of Performance Share Units 

Vesting Schedule :  
 Subject to any acceleration provisions contained in the Plan or set forth below, the Performance Share Units will vest in accordance with the
terms and conditions set forth in  Exhibit     B  attached hereto.    In the event Participant ceases his or her
employment or other service with the Company (or its Subsidiaries, as applicable) for any or no reason before Participant vests in the Performance Share Units, the Performance Share Units and Participant s right to acquire any Ordinary Shares
hereunder will immediately terminate.    By Participant s signature and the signature of the representative of Fabrinet (the
 Company ) below, Participant and the Company agree that this Award of Performance Share Units is granted under and governed by the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Award Agreement, including  Exhibits     A 
and  B  attached hereto, which are made a part of this document. Participant has reviewed the Plan and this Award Agreement in their entirety, has had an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel prior to executing this Award Agreement and
fully understands all provisions of the Plan and Award Agreement. Participant hereby agrees to accept as binding, conclusive and final all decisions or interpretations of the Administrator upon any questions relating to the Plan and Award Agreement.
Participant further agrees to notify the Company upon any change in the residence address indicated below.  

PARTICIPANT: 

FABRINET:  

Signature 

By  

Print Name 

Title  

Residence Address : 

2  

EXHIBIT A    
  TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF   
  PERFORMANCE-BASED RESTRICTED SHARE UNIT GRANT   
 1.  Grant . The Company hereby grants to the individual named in the Notice of Grant (the  Participant ) under the Plan an
Award of performance-based Restricted Share Units (also referred to as Performance Share Units), subject to all of the terms and conditions in this Award Agreement and the Plan, which is incorporated herein by reference. The Performance Share Units
under this Award in which Participant may vest will depend upon achievement of certain Performance Goals as specified in  Exhibit     B  attached hereto. In accordance with  Exhibit     B , the number of
Performance Share Units in which Participant may vest will range from zero percent (0%) of the Number of Performance Share Units designated in the Grant to one hundred percent (100%) of the Number of Performance Share Units designated in the Grant.
Subject to Section 8.7.5 of the Plan, in the event of a conflict between the terms and conditions of the Plan and the terms and conditions of this Award Agreement, the terms and conditions of the Plan will prevail.  
 2.  Company s Obligation to Pay . Each Performance Share Unit represents the right to receive an Ordinary Share on the date it
vests. Unless and until the Performance Share Units will have vested in the manner set forth in Sections 3 or 4, Participant will have no right to payment of any such Performance Share Units. Prior to actual payment of any vested Performance
Share Units, such Performance Share Units will represent an unsecured obligation of the Company, payable (if at all) only from the general assets of the Company. Any Performance Share Units that vest in accordance with Sections 3 or 4 will be paid
to Participant (or in the event of Participant s death, to his or her estate) in whole Ordinary Shares, subject to Participant satisfying any obligations for Tax-Related Items (as defined in Section 7). Subject to the provisions of
Section 4, such vested Performance Share Units shall be paid in whole Ordinary Shares as soon as practicable after vesting, but in each such case within the period sixty (60) days following the vesting date. In no event will Participant be
permitted, directly or indirectly, to specify the taxable year of the payment of any Performance Share Units payable under this Award Agreement.  
 3.  Vesting Schedule . Except as provided in Section 4, and subject to Section 5, the Performance Share Units awarded by this Award
Agreement will vest in accordance with the vesting provisions set forth in the Notice of Grant. Performance Share Units scheduled to vest on a certain date or upon the occurrence of a certain condition will not vest in Participant in accordance with
any of the provisions of this Award Agreement, unless Participant will have been continuously in the employment of or other service with the Company (or its Subsidiaries, as applicable) from the Date of Grant until the date such vesting occurs. 
 4.  Administrator Discretion . The Administrator, in its discretion, may accelerate the vesting of the balance, or some lesser
portion of the balance, of the unvested Performance Share Units at any time, subject to the terms of the Plan. If so accelerated, such Performance Share Units will be considered as having vested as of the date specified by the Administrator. The
payment of Ordinary Shares vesting pursuant to this Section 4 shall in all cases be paid at a time or in a manner that is exempt from, or complies with, Section 409A.  
      3  

Notwithstanding anything in the Plan or this Award Agreement to the contrary, if the vesting of
the balance, or some lesser portion of the balance, of the Performance Share Units is accelerated in connection with Participant s termination of employment or other service with the Company or its Subsidiaries (provided that such termination
is a  separation from service  within the meaning of Section 409A, as determined by the Company), other than due to death ,  and if (x) Participant is a  specified employee  within the meaning of Section 409A at the time of
such termination as a Service Provider and (y) the payment of such accelerated Performance Share Units will result in the imposition of additional tax under Section 409A if paid to Participant on or within the six (6) month period following
Participant s termination as a Service Provider, then the payment of such accelerated Performance Share Units will not be made until the date six (6) months and one (1) day following the date of Participant s termination of employment or
other service with the Company or its Subsidiaries, unless Participant dies following his or her termination of employment or other service with the Company or its Subsidiaries, in which case, the Performance Share Units will be paid in Ordinary
Shares to Participant s estate as soon as practicable following his or her death. It is the intent of this Award Agreement that it and all payments and benefits hereunder be exempt from, or comply with, the requirements of Section 409A so that
none of the Performance Share Units provided under this Award Agreement or Ordinary Shares issuable thereunder will be subject to the additional tax imposed under Section 409A, and any ambiguities and ambiguous terms herein will be interpreted to be
so exempt or so comply. Each payment payable under this Award Agreement is intended to constitute a separate payment for purposes of Treasury Regulation  Section 1.409A-2(b)(2).  In no event will the
Company or any Employer (as defined below) reimburse Participant for any tax imposed or other costs incurred as a result of Section 409A. For purposes of this Award Agreement,  Section 409A  means Section 409A of the Code, and
any Treasury Regulations and Internal Revenue Service guidance thereunder, as each may be amended from time to time.    In addition, and
notwithstanding any provisions to the contrary in this Award Agreement, this Award of Performance Share Units will be subject to the Company s clawback policy as may be established and/or amended from time to time (the  Clawback
Policy ). The Board or Compensation Committee of the Board, as applicable and in its sole discretion, may require Participant to forfeit, return or reimburse the Company all or a portion of this Award and any amounts paid thereunder pursuant to
the terms of the Clawback Policy or as necessary or appropriate to comply with applicable laws.    5.
 Forfeiture . Notwithstanding any contrary provision of this Award Agreement, the balance of the Performance Share Units that have not vested as of the time of Participant s termination of employment or other service with the Company
or its Subsidiaries for any or no reason and Participant s right to acquire any Ordinary Shares hereunder will immediately terminate. The date of Participant s termination of employment or other service with the Company or its Subsidiaries
is detailed in Section 10(h). In addition, any Performance Share Units that never will vest due to  non-satisfaction  of the Performance Goals set forth in Exhibit B will be forfeited on the date on which the
Performance Goals no longer can be satisfied and the Performance Share Units automatically will be transferred to and reacquired by the Company at no cost to the Company. 
      4  

6.  Death of Participant . Any distribution or delivery to be made to Participant under
this Award Agreement will, if Participant is then deceased, be made to Participant s designated beneficiary, or if no beneficiary survives Participant, the administrator or executor of Participant s estate. Any such transferee must furnish
the Company with (a) written notice of his or her status as transferee, and (b) evidence satisfactory to the Company to establish the validity of the transfer and compliance with any laws or regulations pertaining to said transfer.  
 7.  Withholding of Taxes . Notwithstanding any contrary provision of this Award Agreement, no certificate representing the Ordinary
Shares will be issued to Participant, unless and until satisfactory arrangements (as determined by the Administrator) will have been made by Participant with respect to the payment of income, employment, social insurance, payroll tax, fringe benefit
tax, payment on account or other tax-related items related to Participant s participation in the Plan and legally applicable to Participant ( Tax-Related Items ) which the Company determines must be withheld with respect to such
Ordinary Shares. Prior to vesting and/or settlement of the Performance Share Units, Participant will pay or make adequate arrangements satisfactory to the Company and/or Subsidiary or other affiliate of the Company employing or retaining Participant
(the  Employer ) to satisfy all withholding and payment obligations of Tax-Related Items of the Company and/or the Employer. In this regard, Participant authorizes the Company and/or the Employer to withhold any Tax-Related Items legally
payable by Participant from his or her wages or other cash compensation paid to Participant by the Company and/or the Employer or from proceeds of the sale of Ordinary Shares. Alternatively, or in addition, if permissible under applicable local law,
the Administrator, in its sole discretion and pursuant to such procedures as it may specify from time to time, may permit or require Participant to satisfy such Tax-Related Items, in whole or in part (without limitation) by (a) paying cash,
(b) electing to have the Company withhold otherwise deliverable Ordinary Shares having a fair market value equal to the minimum amount required to be withheld, (c) selling a sufficient number of such Ordinary Shares otherwise deliverable to
Participant through such means as the Company may determine in its sole discretion (whether through a broker or otherwise) equal to the amount required to be withheld, or (d) if Participant is a U.S. employee, delivering to the Company already
vested and owned Ordinary Shares having a fair market value equal to the amount required to be withheld. To the extent determined appropriate by the Company in its discretion, it will have the right (but not the obligation) to satisfy any
obligations for Tax-Related Items by reducing the number of Ordinary Shares otherwise deliverable to Participant. Further, if Participant is subject to tax in more than one jurisdiction between the Date of Grant and a date of any relevant taxable or
tax withholding event, as applicable, Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Company and/or the Employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for tax in more than one jurisdiction. If Participant fails to
make satisfactory arrangements for the payment of any Tax-Related Items hereunder at the time any applicable Performance Share Units otherwise are scheduled to vest pursuant to Sections 3 or 4 or Tax-Related Items related to Performance Share Units
otherwise are due, Participant will permanently forfeit such Performance Share Units and any right to receive Ordinary Shares thereunder and the Performance Share Units will be returned to the Company at no cost to the Company. 
 8.  Rights as Shareholder . Neither Participant nor any person claiming under or through Participant will have any of the rights or
privileges of a shareholder of the Company in respect of any Ordinary Shares deliverable hereunder unless and until certificates representing such Ordinary Shares will have been issued, recorded on the records of the Company or its
 
      5  

transfer agents or registrars, and delivered to Participant (including through electronic delivery to a brokerage account). After such issuance, recordation and delivery, Participant will have
all the rights of a shareholder of the Company with respect to voting such Ordinary Shares and receipt of dividends and distributions on such Ordinary Shares.  
 9.  No Guarantee of Continued Service . PARTICIPANT ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THE VESTING OF THE PERFORMANCE SHARE UNITS PURSUANT
TO THE VESTING SCHEDULE HEREOF IS EARNED ONLY BY CONTINUING AS AN EMPLOYEE OR OTHER SERVICE PROVIDER AT THE WILL OF THE COMPANY (OR THE PARENT OR SUBSIDIARY OF THE COMPANY EMPLOYING OR RETAINING PARTICIPANT) AND NOT THROUGH THE ACT OF BEING HIRED,
BEING GRANTED THIS AWARD OF PERFORMANCE SHARE UNITS OR ACQUIRING ORDINARY SHARES HEREUNDER. PARTICIPANT FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THIS AWARD AGREEMENT, THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREUNDER AND THE VESTING SCHEDULE SET FORTH HEREIN DO
NOT CONSTITUTE AN EXPRESS OR IMPLIED PROMISE OF CONTINUED ENGAGEMENT AS AN EMPLOYEE OR OTHER SERVICE PROVIDER FOR THE VESTING PERIOD, FOR ANY PERIOD, OR AT ALL, AND WILL NOT INTERFERE IN ANY WAY WITH PARTICIPANT S RIGHT OR THE RIGHT OF THE
COMPANY (OR THE PARENT OR SUBSIDIARY OF THE COMPANY EMPLOYING OR RETAINING PARTICIPANT) TO TERMINATE PARTICIPANT S RELATIONSHIP AS AN EMPLOYEE OR OTHER SERVICE PROVIDER AT ANY TIME, WITH OR WITHOUT CAUSE.  
 10.  Nature of Grant . In accepting the grant, Participant acknowledges, understands and agrees that:  
 (a) the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, it is discretionary in nature and it may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated
by the Company at any time, to the extent permitted by the Plan;    (b) the grant of the Performance Share Units is voluntary and occasional
and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants of Performance Share Units, or benefits in lieu of Performance Share Units, even if Performance Share Units have been granted in the past;  
 (c) all decisions with respect to future Performance Share Units or other grants, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company;  
 (d) Participant is voluntarily participating in the Plan;  
 (e) the Performance Share Units and the Ordinary Shares subject to the Performance Share Units are not intended to replace any pension rights
or compensation;    (f) the Performance Share Units and the Ordinary Shares subject to the Performance Share Units, and the income and value
of same, are not part of normal or expected compensation for purposes of calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end-of-service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, pension or retirement or welfare benefits or
similar payments;  
      6  

(g) the future value of the underlying Ordinary Shares is unknown, indeterminable and cannot be
predicted with certainty;    (h) for purposes of the Performance Share Units, Participant s status as an employee or other service
provider will be considered terminated as of the date Participant is no longer actively providing services to the Company or any parent or Subsidiary of the Company (regardless of the reason for such termination and whether or not later to be found
invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where Participant is a service provider or the terms of Participant s service agreement, if any), and unless otherwise expressly provided in this Award Agreement or determined by the
Administrator, Participant s right to vest in the Performance Share Units under the Plan, if any, will terminate as of such date and will not be extended by any notice period ( e.g. , Participant s period of service would not include
any contractual notice period or any period of  garden leave  or similar period mandated under employment laws in the jurisdiction where Participant is a service provider or the terms of Participant s service agreement, if any, unless
Participant is providing bona fide services during such time); the Administrator shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when Participant is no longer actively providing services for purposes of the Performance Share Units grant (including
whether Participant may still be considered to be providing services while on a leave of absence);    (i) unless otherwise provided in the
Plan or by the Company in its discretion, the Performance Share Units and the benefits evidenced by this Award Agreement do not create any entitlement to have the Performance Share Units or any such benefits transferred to, or assumed by, another
company nor be exchanged, cashed out or substituted for, in connection with any corporate transaction affecting the Ordinary Shares; and  
 (j) the following provisions apply only if Participant is providing services outside the United States:  
 i. the Performance Share Units and the Ordinary Shares subject to the Performance Share Units are not part of normal or expected compensation
or salary for any purpose;    ii. Participant acknowledges and agrees that none of the Company, the Employer, or any parent or Subsidiary of
the Company shall be liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between Participant s local currency and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of the Performance Share Units or of any amounts due to Participant pursuant to
the settlement of the Performance Share Units or the subsequent sale of any Ordinary Shares acquired upon settlement; and    iii. no claim
or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the Performance Share Units resulting from the termination of Participant s employment or other service with the Company or its Subsidiaries (for any reason whatsoever
whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where Participant is an employee or other service provider or the terms of Participant s service agreement, if any), and in consideration of the grant
of the Performance Share Units to which Participant is otherwise not entitled, Participant irrevocably agrees never to institute any claim against the Company, any Subsidiary or the Employer, waives his or her ability, if any, to bring any such
claim, and  
      7  

releases the Company, any parent of the Company, any Subsidiary and the Employer from any such claim; if, notwithstanding the foregoing, any such claim is allowed by a court of competent
jurisdiction, then, by participating in the Plan, Participant shall be deemed irrevocably to have agreed not to pursue such claim and agrees to execute any and all documents necessary to request dismissal or withdrawal of such claim.  
 11.  No Advice Regarding Grant . The Company is not providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor is the Company making any
recommendations regarding Participant s participation in the Plan, or Participant s acquisition or sale of the underlying Ordinary Shares. Participant is hereby advised to consult with his or her own personal tax, legal and financial
advisors regarding his or her participation in the Plan before taking any action related to the Plan.    12.   Data
Privacy   .      Participant hereby explicitly and unambiguously consents to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of Participant s personal data as described in this Award Agreement and any
other Performance Share Unit grant materials by and among, as applicable, the Employer, the Company and any parent or Subsidiary of the Company for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing Participant s participation in
the Plan.        Participant understands that the Company and the Employer may hold certain personal information about
Participant, including, but not limited to, Participant s name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any ordinary shares or directorships held
in the Company, details of all Performance Share Units or any other entitlement to ordinary shares awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in Participant s favor ( Data ), for the exclusive purpose of
implementing, administering and managing the Plan.       Participant understands that Data will be transferred to a share plan
service provider as may be selected by the Company in the future, which is assisting the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. Participant understands that the recipients of the Data may be located in the United
States or elsewhere, and that the recipients  country (e.g., the United States) may have different data privacy laws and protections than Participant s country. Participant understands that if he or she resides outside the United States,
he or she may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting his or her local human resources representative. Participant authorizes the Company, any share plan service provider selected by the
Company and any other possible recipients which may assist the Company (presently or in the future) with implementing, administering and managing the Plan to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the
sole purpose of implementing, administering and managing his or her participation in the Plan. Participant understands that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage Participant s participation in the
Plan. Participant understands if he or she resides outside the United States, he or she may, at any time, view Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of Data, require any necessary amendments to Data or refuse or
withdraw the consents herein, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing his or her local human resources representative. Further, Participant understands that he or she is providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary basis. If
Participant does not consent, or    
      8  

if Participant later seeks to revoke his or her consent, his or her status as an employee or other service provider of the Company or its Subsidiaries and career with the Employer will not
be adversely affected; the only adverse consequence of refusing or withdrawing Participant s consent is that the Company would not be able to grant Participant Performance Share Units or other equity awards or administer or maintain such
awards. Therefore, Participant understands that refusing or withdrawing his or her consent may affect Participant s ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of Participant s refusal to consent
or withdrawal of consent, Participant understands that he or she may contact his or her local human resources representative.      13.
 Address for Notices . Any notice to be given to the Company under the terms of this Award Agreement will be addressed to the Company at Fabrinet, 5/6 Moo 6, Soi Khunpra, Phaholyothin Rd., Klongnueng, Klongluang, Patumthanee 12120
Thailand, or at such other address as the Company may hereafter designate in writing or electronically.    14.  Grant is Not
Transferable . Except to the limited extent provided in Section 6 or as permitted by the Administrator, in its sole discretion, pursuant to Section 5.6 of the Plan, this grant and the rights and privileges conferred hereby will not
be transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated in any way (whether by operation of law or otherwise) and will not be subject to sale under execution, attachment or similar process. Upon any attempt to transfer, assign, pledge, hypothecate or
otherwise dispose of this grant, or any right or privilege conferred hereby, or upon any attempted sale under any execution, attachment or similar process, this grant and the rights and privileges conferred hereby immediately will become null and
void. The Ordinary Share issued as payment for any vested Performance Share Units under this Award Agreement will be subject to any market blackout period that may be imposed by the Company and must comply with the Company s insider trading
policies, and any other applicable securities laws.    15.  Binding Agreement . Subject to the limitation on the transferability
of this grant contained herein, this Award Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the heirs, legatees, legal representatives, successors and assigns of the parties hereto.  
 16.  Additional Conditions to Issuance of Ordinary Shares . If at any time the Company will determine, in its discretion, that the
listing, registration, qualification or rule compliance of the Ordinary Shares upon any securities exchange or under any state, federal or foreign law, the tax code and related regulations or the consent or approval of any governmental regulatory
authority is necessary or desirable as a condition to the issuance of Ordinary Shares to Participant (or his or her estate) hereunder, such issuance will not occur unless and until such listing, registration, qualification, rule compliance, consent
or approval will have been completed, effected or obtained free of any conditions not acceptable to the Company. Where the Company determines that the delivery of the payment of any Ordinary Shares will violate federal securities laws or other
applicable laws, the Company will defer delivery until the earliest date at which the Company reasonably anticipates that the delivery of Ordinary Shares will no longer cause such violation. The Company will make all reasonable efforts to meet the
requirements of any such state, federal or foreign law or securities exchange and to obtain any such consent or approval of any such governmental authority or securities exchange. 
      9  

17.  Plan Governs . This Award Agreement is subject to all terms and provisions of the
Plan. In the event of a conflict between one or more provisions of this Award Agreement and one or more provisions of the Plan, the provisions of the Plan will govern. Capitalized terms used and not defined in this Award Agreement will have the
meaning set forth in the Plan.    18.  Administrator Authority . The Administrator will have the power to interpret the Plan and
this Award Agreement and to adopt such rules for the administration, interpretation and application of the Plan as are consistent therewith and to interpret or revoke any such rules (including, but not limited to, the determination of whether or not
any Performance Share Units have vested). All actions taken and all interpretations and determinations made by the Administrator in good faith will be final and binding upon Participant, the Company and all other interested persons. No member of the
Administrator will be personally liable for any action, determination or interpretation made in good faith with respect to the Plan or this Award Agreement.  
 19.  Electronic Delivery and Acceptance . The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to
Performance Share Units awarded under the Plan or future Performance Share Units that may be awarded under the Plan by electronic means or request Participant s consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means. Participant hereby consents
to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agrees to participate in the Plan through any on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company.  
 20.  Language . Participant has received the terms and conditions of this Award Agreement and any other related communications, and
Participant consents to having received these documents in English. If Participant has received this Award Agreement or any other document related to the Plan translated into a language other than English and if the meaning of the translated version
is different than the English version, the English version will control.    21.  Captions . Captions provided herein are for
convenience only and are not to serve as a basis for interpretation or construction of this Award Agreement.    22.  Agreement
Severable . In the event that any provision in this Award Agreement will be held invalid or unenforceable, such provision will be severable from, and such invalidity or unenforceability will not be construed to have any effect on, the
remaining provisions of this Award Agreement.    23.  Amendment, Suspension or Termination of the Plan . By accepting this Award,
Participant expressly warrants that he or she has received an Award of Performance Share Units under the Plan, and has received, read and understood a description of the Plan. Participant understands that the Plan is discretionary in nature and
may be amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time.    24.  Governing Law and Venue . This Award Agreement will be
governed by the laws of the State of California without giving effect to the conflict of law principles thereof. For purposes of litigating any dispute that arises under this Award of Performance Share Units or this Award Agreement, the parties
hereby submit to and consent to the jurisdiction of the State of California, and agree that such litigation will be conducted in the courts of Santa Clara County, California, or the federal courts for the United States for the Northern District of
California, and no other courts, where this Award of Performance Share Units is made and/or to be performed.  
      10  

25.  Modifications to the Award Agreement . This Award Agreement constitutes the entire
understanding of the parties on the subjects covered. Participant expressly warrants that he or she is not accepting this Award Agreement in reliance on any promises, representations, or inducements other than those contained herein. Modifications
to this Award Agreement or the Plan can be made only in an express written contract executed by a duly authorized officer of the Company. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan or this Award Agreement, the Company reserves the right to
revise the Award Agreement as it deems necessary or advisable, in its sole discretion and without the consent of Participant, to comply with Section 409A or to otherwise avoid imposition of any additional tax or income recognition under Section 409A
in connection to this Award of Performance Share Units.    26.  Waiver . Participant acknowledges that a waiver by the Company of
breach of any provision of this Award Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of this Award Agreement, or of any subsequent breach by Participant or any other Participant.  
      11  

EXHIBIT B    
  PERFORMANCE-BASED RESTRICTED SHARE UNIT   
  VESTING CRITERIA     A.
 General . The Performance Share Units are subject to performance-based requirements described below in this  Exhibit B  (the  Performance Goals ). The Performance Share Units will vest only if the Performance Goals are
satisfied, subject to Participant s continued service with the Company through such vesting date.    B.  Performance
Goals . [Insert performance goals]    C.  Certification . Performance Share Units (if any) will be deemed to vest on the
date the Administrator certifies achievement of the Performance Goals (the  Certification Date ), subject to Participant s continued service with the Company through the Certification Date. The Administrator will make all
determinations, in its sole discretion, regarding the achievement of the Performance Goals, including but not limited to the extent of achievement of each Performance Goal, and any adjustments, as necessary or appropriate. Determinations made by the
Administrator will be final and binding on all parties and will be given the maximum deference permitted by law. Any Performance Share Units that have not vested by the Certification Date automatically will be forfeited and Participant no longer
will have any rights to such Performance Share Units or the Ordinary Shares thereunder.  
      12  

</EX-10.5>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 d193780dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1   
  CERTIFICATION     I, David T. Mitchell,
certify that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Fabrinet;        

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:        

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):        

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    
 Date: November 9, 2016       

/s/ D AVID  T. M ITCHELL    
 
 David T. Mitchell  
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors (Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 d193780dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2   
  CERTIFICATION     I, Toh-Seng Ng, certify
that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Fabrinet;        

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:        

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):        

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    
 Date: November 9, 2016       

/s/ T OH -S ENG  N G    
 
 Toh-Seng Ng  
 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 d193780dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1   
  CERTIFICATIONS OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER   
  PURSUANT TO      18 U.S.C.
SECTION 1350,      AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 I, David T. Mitchell, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002, that the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Fabrinet for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2016 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in
this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q fairly presents in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of Fabrinet.      

By: 
   
   /s/ D AVID  T. M ITCHELL    

Date: November 9, 2016 

Name: 
   
 David T. Mitchell  

Title: 
   
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors (Principal Executive Officer)  
   I, Toh-Seng Ng, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Fabrinet for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2016 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that
information contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q fairly presents in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of Fabrinet.      

By: 
   
   /s/ T OH -S ENG  N G    

Date: November 9, 2016 

Name: 
   
 Toh-Seng Ng  

Title: 
   
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 fn-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 fn-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 fn-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 fn-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 fn-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 fn-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

