<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161104_10-Q_edgar_data_1130464_0001130464-16-000217_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>16213586</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>249462</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>752488</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6224113</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>6649848</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1976558</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>110</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001130464-16-000217.hdr.sgml : 20161104
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161103212530
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001130464-16-000217
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		112
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161104
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161103

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BLACK HILLS CORP /SD/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001130464
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRIC SERVICES [4911]
		IRS NUMBER:				460458824
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			SD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0128

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-31303
		FILM NUMBER:		161973445

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		625 9TH STREET
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 1400
		CITY:			RAPID CITY
		STATE:			SD
		ZIP:			57709
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6057212343

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		625 9TH STREET
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 1400
		CITY:			RAPID
		STATE:			SD
		ZIP:			57709

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BLACK HILLS HOLDING CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20001222

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001130464-16-000217.txt : 20161104

10-Q
 1
 bkh10qq32016.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 
    
  Form 10-Q 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
                         
    Yes   x 
      
    No   o 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit and post such files). 
                         
    Yes   x 
      
    No   o 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
                         
    Large accelerated filer   x 
      
    Accelerated filer   o 

Non-accelerated filer   o 
      
    Smaller reporting company   o 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
                         
    Yes   o 
      
    No   x 

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock as of the latest practicable date. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
        
    Glossary of Terms and Abbreviations 
      
     3 

PART I. 
    FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
      
     6 

Item 1. 
    Financial Statements 
      
     6 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss) - unaudited 

Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 
      
     6 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) - unaudited 

Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 
      
     7 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets - unaudited 

September 30, 2016, December 31, 2015 and September 30, 2015 
      
     8 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows - unaudited 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 
      
     10 

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements - unaudited 
      
     11 

Item 2. 
    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
      
     44 

Item 3. 
    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
      
     84 

Item 4. 
    Controls and Procedures 
      
     86 

PART II. 
    OTHER INFORMATION 
      
     87 

Item 1. 
    Legal Proceedings 
      
     87 

Item 1A. 
    Risk Factors 
      
     87 

Item 2. 
    Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
      
     88 

Item 4. 
    Mine Safety Disclosures 
      
     88 

Item 5. 
    Other Information 
      
     88 

Item 6. 
    Exhibits 
      
     89 

Signatures 
      
     91 

Index to Exhibits 
      
     92 

2 

GLOSSARY OF TERMS AND ABBREVIATIONS 
    
  The following terms and abbreviations appear in the text of this report and have the definitions described below: 
                 AFUDC 
    Allowance for Funds Used During Construction 
      AOCI 
    Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
      APSC 
    Arkansas Public Service Commission 
      ASC 
    Accounting Standards Codification 
      ASU 
    Accounting Standards Update issued by the FASB 
      ATM 
    At-the-market equity offering program 
      Bbl 
    Barrel 
      BHC 
    Black Hills Corporation; the Company 
      Black Hills Gas 
    Black Hills Gas, LLC, a subsidiary of Black Hills Gas Holdings, which was previously named SourceGas LLC. 
      Black Hills Gas Holdings 
    Black Hills Gas Holdings, LLC, a subsidiary of Black Hills Utility Holdings, which was previously named SourceGas Holdings LLC 
      Black Hills Electric Generation 
    Black Hills Electric Generation, LLC, a direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of Black Hills Non-regulated Holdings 
      Black Hills Energy 
    The name used to conduct the business of our utility companies 
      Black Hills Energy Arkansas Gas 
    Includes the acquired SourceGas utility Black Hills Energy Arkansas, Inc. utility operations 
      Black Hills Energy Colorado Electric 
    Includes Colorado Electric s utility operations 
      Black Hills Energy Colorado Gas 
    Includes Black Hills Energy Colorado Gas utility operations, as well as the acquired SourceGas utility Black Hills Gas Distribution s Colorado gas operations and RMNG 
      Black Hills Energy Iowa Gas 
    Includes Black Hills Energy Iowa gas utility operations 
      Black Hills Energy Kansas Gas 
    Includes Black Hills Energy Kansas gas utility operations 
      Black Hills Energy Nebraska Gas 
    Includes Black Hills Energy Nebraska gas utility operations, as well as the acquired SourceGas utility Black Hills Gas Distribution s Nebraska gas operations 
      Black Hills Energy South Dakota Electric 
    Includes Black Hills Power operations in South Dakota, Wyoming and Montana 
      Black Hills Energy Wyoming Electric 
    Includes Cheyenne Light s electric utility operations 
      Black Hills Energy Wyoming Gas 
    Includes Cheyenne Light s natural gas utility operations, as well as the acquired SourceGas utility Black Hills Gas Distribution s Wyoming gas operations 
      Black Hills Gas Distribution 
    Black Hills Gas Distribution, LLC, a company acquired in the SourceGas Acquisition that conducts the gas distribution operations in Colorado, Nebraska and Wyoming.  It was formerly named SourceGas Distribution LLC. 
      Black Hills Non-regulated Holdings 
    Black Hills Non-regulated Holdings, LLC, a direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of Black Hills Corporation 
      Black Hills Power 
    Black Hills Power, Inc., a direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of Black Hills Corporation (doing business as Black Hills Energy) 
      Black Hills Utility Holdings 
    Black Hills Utility Holdings, Inc., a direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of Black Hills Corporation (doing business as Black Hills Energy) 
      Black Hills Wyoming 
    Black Hills Wyoming, LLC, a direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of Black Hills Electric Generation 
      Btu 
    British thermal unit 
      Consolidated Indebtedness to Capitalization Ratio 
    Any Indebtedness outstanding at such time, divided by Capital at such time.  Capital being Consolidated Net-Worth (excluding noncontrolling interest) plus Consolidated Indebtedness as defined within the current Credit Agreement.  
      Ceiling Test 
    Related to our Oil and Gas subsidiary, capitalized costs, less accumulated amortization and related deferred income taxes, are subject to a ceiling test which limits the pooled costs to the aggregate of the discounted value of future net revenue attributable to proved natural gas and crude oil reserves using a discount rate defined by the SEC plus the lower of cost or market value of unevaluated properties. 
      Cheyenne Light 
    Cheyenne Light, Fuel and Power Company, a direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of Black Hills Corporation (doing business as Black Hills Energy) 

3 

Cheyenne Prairie 
    Cheyenne Prairie Generating Station is a 132 MW natural gas-fired generating facility jointly owned by Black Hills Power, Inc. and Cheyenne Light, Fuel and Power Company.  Cheyenne Prairie was placed into commercial service on October 1, 2014.  
      CIAC 
    Contribution In Aid of Construction 
      City of Gillette 
    Gillette, Wyoming 
      Colorado Electric 
    Black Hills Colorado Electric Utility Company, LP, an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of Black Hills Utility Holdings (doing business as Black Hills Energy) 
      Colorado Gas 
    Black Hills Colorado Gas Utility Company, LP, an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of Black Hills Utility Holdings (doing business as Black Hills Energy) 
      Colorado Interstate Gas 
    Colorado Interstate Natural Gas Pricing Index 
      Colorado IPP 
    Black Hills Colorado IPP, LLC a 50.1% owned subsidiary of Black Hills Electric Generation 
      Cooling degree day 
    A cooling degree day is equivalent to each degree that the average of the high and low temperature for a day is above 65 degrees.  The warmer the climate, the greater the number of cooling degree days.  Cooling degree days are used in the utility industry to measure the relative warmth of weather and to compare relative temperatures between one geographic area and another.  Normal degree days are based on the National Weather Service data for selected locations over a 30-year average. 
      Cost of Service Gas Program (COSG) 
    Proposed Cost of Service Gas Program designed to provide long-term natural gas price stability for the Company s utility customers, along with a reasonable expectation of customer savings over the life of the program. 
      CPCN 
    Certificate of Public Convenience and Necessity 
      CPUC 
    Colorado Public Utilities Commission 
      CVA 
    Credit Valuation Adjustment 
      Dodd-Frank 
    Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act 
      Dth 
    Dekatherm.  A unit of energy equal to 10 therms or one million British thermal units (MMBtu) 
      El Paso San Juan 
    El Paso San Juan Natural Gas Pricing Index 
      Equity Unit 
    Each Equity Unit has a stated amount of $50, consisting of a purchase contract issued by BHC to purchase shares of BHC common stock and a 1/20, or 5% undivided beneficial ownership interest in $1,000 principal amount of BHC RSNs due 2028. 
      FASB 
    Financial Accounting Standards Board 
      FERC 
    United States Federal Energy Regulatory Commission 
      Fitch 
    Fitch Ratings 
      GAAP 
    Accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America 
      Heating Degree Day 
    A heating degree day is equivalent to each degree that the average of the high and the low temperatures for a day is below 65 degrees.  The colder the climate, the greater the number of heating degree days.  Heating degree days are used in the utility industry to measure the relative coldness of weather and to compare relative temperatures between one geographic area and another.  Normal degree days are based on the National Weather Service data for selected locations over a 30-year average. 
      Iowa Gas 
    Black Hills Iowa Gas Utility Company, LLC, a direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of Black Hills Utility Holdings (doing business as Black Hills Energy) 
      IPP 
    Independent power producer 
      IRS 
    United States Internal Revenue Service 
      Kansas Gas 
    Black Hills Kansas Gas Utility Company, LLC, a direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of Black Hills Utility Holdings (doing business as Black Hills Energy) 
      kV 
    Kilovolt 
      LIBOR 
    London Interbank Offered Rate 
      LOE 
    Lease Operating Expense 
      Mcf 
    Thousand cubic feet  
      Mcfe 
    Thousand cubic feet equivalent.  
      MMBtu 
    Million British thermal units 
      Moody s 
    Moody s Investors Service, Inc. 
      MW 
    Megawatts 
      MWh 
    Megawatt-hours 

4 

Nebraska Gas 
    Black Hills Nebraska Gas Utility Company, LLC, a direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of Black Hills Utility Holdings (doing business as Black Hills Energy) 
      NGL 
    Natural Gas Liquids (1 barrel equals 6 Mcfe) 
      Northwest Wyoming Pool 
    Northwest Wyoming Natural Gas Pricing index 
      NPSC 
    Nebraska Public Service Commission 
      NYMEX 
    New York Mercantile Exchange 
      NYSE 
    New York Stock Exchange 
      Panhandle Eastern Pipeline 
    Panhandle Eastern Pipeline Natural Gas Pricing Index 
      Peak View Wind Project 
    $109 million 60 MW wind generating project for Colorado Electric, adjacent to Busch Ranch wind farm 
      PPA 
    Power Purchase Agreement 
      Revolving Credit Facility 
    Our $750 million credit facility used to fund working capital needs, letters of credit and other corporate purposes, which matures in 2021. 
      RMNG 
    Rocky Mountain Natural Gas, a regulated gas utility acquired in the SourceGas Acquisition that provides regulated transmission and wholesale natural gas service to Black Hills Gas in western Colorado (doing business as Black Hills Energy) 
      RSNs 
    Remarketable junior subordinated notes, issued on November 23, 2015 
      SEC 
    U. S. Securities and Exchange Commission 
      SourceGas 
    SourceGas Holdings LLC and its subsidiaries, a gas utility owned by funds managed by Alinda Capital Partners and GE Energy Financial Services, a unit of General Electric Co. (NYSE:GE) that was acquired on February 12, 2016, and is now named Black Hills Gas Holdings, LLC (doing business as Black Hills Energy) 
      SourceGas Acquisition 
    On February 12, 2016, Black Hills Utility Holdings acquired SourceGas pursuant to a purchase and sale agreement executed on July 12, 2015 for approximately $1.89 billion, which included the assumption of $760 million in debt at closing. 
      S P 
    Standard and Poor s, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc. 
      SSIR 
    System Safety and Integrity 
      TCA 
    Transmission Cost Adjustment -- adjustments passed through to the customer based on transmission costs that are higher or lower than the costs approved in the rate case. 
      VIE 
    Variable interest entity 
      WPSC 
    Wyoming Public Service Commission 
      WRDC 
    Wyodak Resources Development Corp., a direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of Black Hills Non-regulated Holdings 
      Wyodak Plant 
    Wyodak, a 362 MW mine-mouth coal-fired plant in Gillette, Wyoming, is owned 80% by Pacificorp and 20% by Black Hills Energy South Dakota.  Our WRDC mine supplies all of the fuel for the plant. 

5 

BLACK HILLS CORPORATION 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (LOSS) 

The accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  
    6 

BLACK HILLS CORPORATION 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 

See Note   16   for additional disclosures. 
    
  The accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  
    7 

BLACK HILLS CORPORATION 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

The accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  
    8 

BLACK HILLS CORPORATION 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
  (Continued) 

The accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  
    9 

BLACK HILLS CORPORATION 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   

See Note   17   for supplemental disclosure of cash flow information. 
    
  The accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  
    10 

BLACK HILLS CORPORATION 
    
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
  (unaudited) 
  (Reference is made to Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
  included in the Company s   2015   Annual Report on Form 10-K) 

(  1  )    MANAGEMENT S STATEMENT 
    
  The unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included herein have been prepared by Black Hills Corporation (together with our subsidiaries the  Company,   us,   we,  or  our ), pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC.  Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America have been condensed or omitted pursuant to such rules and regulations; however, we believe that the footnotes adequately disclose the information presented.  These Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included in our   2015   Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC. 
    
  Segment Reporting 
    
  We conduct our operations through the following reportable segments: Electric Utilities, Gas Utilities, Power Generation, Mining and Oil and Gas.  Our reportable segments are based on our method of internal reporting, which is generally segregated by differences in products, services and regulation.  All of our operations and assets are located within the United States.  Prior to March 31, 2016, our segments were reported within two business groups, our Utilities Group, containing the Electric Utilities and Gas Utilities segments, and our Non-regulated Energy Group, containing the Power Generation, Coal Mining and Oil and Gas segments.  We have continued to report our operations consistently through our reportable segments; however we will no longer separate the segments by business group.  We are a customer-focused, growth-oriented, vertically-integrated utility company.  All of our non-utility business segments support our electric utilities, other than the Oil and Gas segment.  In     our oil and gas business, we are divesting non-core assets while retaining those best suited for a cost of service gas program and we have refocused our professional staff on assisting our utilities with the implementation of a cost of service gas program. 
  The following changes have been made to our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss) to reflect combined operations and maintenance expenses, rather than by business group as previously reported, for the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , respectively: 

This presentation reclassification did not impact our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
    
  Segment Reporting Transition of Cheyenne Light s Natural Gas Distribution 
    
  Effective January 1, 2016, the natural gas operations of Cheyenne Light have been included in our Gas Utilities Segment.  Through   December 31, 2015  , Cheyenne Light s natural gas operations were included in our Electric Utilities Segment as these natural gas operations were consolidated within Cheyenne Light since its acquisition.  This change is a result of our business segment reorganization to, among other things, integrate all regulated natural gas operations, including the SourceGas Acquisition, into our Gas Utilities Segment which is led by the Group Vice President, Natural Gas Utilities.  Likewise, all regulated electric utility operations, including Cheyenne Light s electric utility operations, are reported in our Electric Utilities Segment, which is led by the Group Vice President, Electric Utilities.  The prior period has been reclassified to reflect this change in presentation between the Electric Utilities and Gas Utilities segments.  See Note   3   for Revenues, Net Income and Segment Assets reclassified from the Electric Utilities segment to the Gas Utilities segment for the   three   and   nine   months ending   September 30, 2015  .  This segment reclassification did not impact our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
  
    11 

Use of Estimates and Basis of Presentation 
    
  Accounting methods historically employed require certain estimates as of interim dates.  The information furnished in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements reflects all adjustments, including accruals, which are, in the opinion of management, necessary for a fair presentation of the   September 30, 2016  ,   December 31, 2015  , and   September 30, 2015   financial information and are of a normal recurring nature.  Certain industries in which we operate are highly seasonal, and revenue from, and certain expenses for, such operations may fluctuate significantly among quarterly periods.  Demand for electricity and natural gas is sensitive to seasonal cooling, heating and industrial load requirements, as well as changes in market prices.  In particular, the normal peak usage season for electric utilities is June through August while the normal peak usage season for gas utilities is November through March.  Significant earnings variances can be expected between the Gas Utilities segment s peak and off-peak seasons.  Due to this seasonal nature, our results of operations for the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015  , and our financial condition as of   September 30, 2016  ,   December 31, 2015  , and   September 30, 2015  , are not necessarily indicative of the results of operations and financial condition to be expected as of or for any other period.  All earnings per share amounts discussed refer to diluted earnings per share unless otherwise noted. 
    
  Significant Accounting Policies 
    
  Business Combinations 
    
  We record acquisitions in accordance with ASC 805,   Business Combinations,   with identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed recorded at their estimated fair values on the acquisition date.  The excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair values of the net tangible and net intangible assets acquired is recorded as goodwill.  The application of ASC 805,   Business Combinations   requires management to make significant estimates and assumptions in the determination of the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in order to properly allocate purchase price consideration between goodwill and assets that are depreciated and amortized.  Our estimates are based on historical experience, information obtained from the management of the acquired companies and, when appropriate, include assistance from independent third-party appraisal firms.  These estimates are inherently uncertain and unpredictable.  In addition, unanticipated events or circumstances may occur which may affect the accuracy or validity of such estimates.  See Note   2   for additional detail on the accounting for our acquisition. 
    
  Noncontrolling Interest 
    
  We account for changes in our controlling interests of subsidiaries according to ASC 810  , Consolidations.    ASC 810 requires that the Company record such changes as equity transactions, recording no gain or loss on such a sale.  GAAP requires that noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries and affiliates be reported in the equity section of a company s balance sheet.  In addition, the amounts attributable to the noncontrolling interest net income (loss) of those subsidiaries are reported separately in the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income.  See Note   12   for additional detail on Noncontrolling Interests. 
    
  Share-Based Compensation 
    
  We account for our share-based compensation arrangements in accordance with ASC 718,   Compensation-Stock Compensation  , by recognizing compensation costs for all share-based awards over the respective service period for employee services received in exchange for an award of equity or equity-based compensation.  Awards that will be settled in stock are accounted for as equity and the compensation expense is based on the grant date fair value.  Awards that are settled in cash are accounted for as liabilities and the compensation expense is re-measured each period based on the current market price and performance achievement measures. 

12 

Recently Issued and Adopted Accounting Standards 
    
  Statement of Cash Flows: Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments, ASU 2016-15 
    
  In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15,   Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230):  Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments (a consensus of the Emerging Issues Task Force).    T  his ASU requires changes in the pres  entation of certain items including but not limited to debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs; contingent consideration payments made after a business combination; proceeds from the settlement of insurance claims; proceeds from the settlement of corporate-owned life insurance policies and distributions received from equity method investees.    The ASU will be effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15  , 2017.      We are currently assessing the impact that adoption of ASU 2016-15 will have on our consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 
    
  Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting, ASU 2016-09 
    
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,   Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting  .  This ASU simplifies several aspects of the accounting for employee share-based payment transactions, including the accounting for forfeitures, income taxes, and statutory tax withholding requirements.  The ASU will be effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2016, with early adoption permitted.  Certain amendments of this guidance are to be applied retrospectively and others prospectively.  We are currently assessing the impact that adoption of ASU 2016-09 will have on our consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 
    
  Leases, ASU 2016-02 
    
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,   Leases   (Topic 842), which supersedes ASC 840,   Leases  .  This ASU requires lessees to recognize a right-of-use asset and lease liability for all leases with terms of more than 12 months.  Lessees are permitted to make an accounting policy election to not recognize the asset and liability for leases with a term of 12 months or less.  The ASU does not significantly change the lessees  recognition, measurement and presentation of expenses and cash flows from the previous accounting standard.  Lessors  accounting under the ASC is largely unchanged from the previous accounting standard.  In addition, the ASU expands the disclosure requirements of lease arrangements.  Lessees and lessors will use a modified retrospective transition approach, which includes a number of practical expedients.  The guidance is effective for the Company beginning after December 15, 2018.  Early adoption is permitted.  We are currently assessing the impact that adoption of ASU 2016-02 will have on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 
    
  Revenue from Contracts with Customers, ASU 2014-09 
    
  In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers  .  The standard provides companies with a single model for use in accounting for revenue arising from contracts with customers and supersedes current revenue recognition guidance, including industry-specific revenue guidance.  The core principle of the model is to recognize revenue when control of the goods or services transfers to the customer, as opposed to recognizing revenue when the risks and rewards transfer to the customer under the existing revenue guidance.  On July 9, 2015, FASB voted to defer the effective date of ASU 2014-09 by one year.  The guidance is effective for annual and interim reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017 and early adoption is permitted.  Entities will have the option of using either a full retrospective or modified retrospective approach to adopting this guidance.  Under the modified approach, an entity would recognize the cumulative effect of initially applying the guidance with an adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings in the period of adoption.  As of September 30, 2016, we were actively evaluating all of our sources of revenue to determine the impact that adoption of ASU 2014-09 will have on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 
    
  Disclosures for Investments in Certain Entities That Calculate Net Asset Value per Share (or its Equivalent), ASU 2015-07 
    
  On May 1, 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-07,   Disclosures for Investments in Certain Entities That Calculate Net Asset Value per Share (or its Equivalent)  .      The ASU removes the requirement to categorize within the fair value hierarchy all investments for which fair value is measured using the net asset value per share practical expedient and also removes certain disclosure requirements.  The new requirements were effective for us beginning January 1, 2016 and will be applied retrospectively to all periods presented, in our 2016 Form 10-K.  This ASU will not materially affect our financial statements and disclosures, but will change certain presentation and disclosure of the fair value of certain plan assets in our pension and other postretirement benefit plan disclosures in our 2016 Form 10-K, for all periods presented. 

13 

Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs, ASU 2015-03 
    
  In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-03,   Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs  .  Debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability are presented on the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the debt liability, similar to the presentation of debt discounts, rather than as an asset.  Amortization of these costs will continue to be reported as interest expense.  ASU 2015-03 is effective for annual and interim reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2015.  We adopted ASU 2015-03 in the first quarter of 2016 on a retrospective basis.  As of September 30, 2016, we presented the debt issuance costs, previously reported in other assets, as direct deductions from the carrying amount of long-term debt.  The implementation of this standard resulted in reductions of other assets, non-current and long-term debt of   $13 million   and   $15 million   in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2015, and September 30, 2015, respectively.  Adoption of ASU 2015-03 did not have a material impact on our financial position. 
    
  Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement-Period Adjustments, ASU 2015-16 
    
  In September 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-16,   Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement-Period Adjustments  .  This ASU eliminates the requirement to retrospectively account for changes to provisional amounts recognized at the acquisition date in a business combination.  ASU 2015-16 requires that an acquirer recognize adjustments to provisional amounts that are identified during the measurement period in the reporting period in which the adjustments are determined, including the effect of the change in the provisional amount as if the accounting had been completed at the acquisition date.  The provisions of this ASU are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 31, 2015, including interim periods within those fiscal years and should be applied prospectively to adjustments to provisional amounts that occur after the effective date.  We have implemented ASU 2015-16 as of January 1, 2016.  Adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 

(  2  )    ACQUISITION 
    
  Acquisition of SourceGas 
    
  On February 12, 2016, Black Hills Corporation acquired SourceGas, pursuant to the purchase and sale agreement executed on July 12, 2015 for approximately   $1.89 billion  , including the assumption of   $760 million   in debt at closing.  The purchase price was subject to post-closing adjustments for capital expenditures, indebtedness and working capital.  Post-closing adjustments of approximately   $11 million   were agreed to and received from the sellers in June 2016.  SourceGas is a   99.5%   owned subsidiary of Black Hills Utility Holdings, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Black Hills Corporation and has been renamed Black Hills Gas Holdings, LLC.  Black Hills Gas Holdings primarily operates   four   regulated natural gas utilities serving approximately   429,000   customers in Arkansas, Colorado, Nebraska and Wyoming, and a   512  -mile regulated intrastate natural gas transmission pipeline in Colorado. 
    
  Cash consideration of   $1.135 billion   paid on February 12, 2016 to close the SourceGas Acquisition included net proceeds of approximately   $536 million   from the November 23, 2015 issuance of   6.325 million   shares of our common stock and   5.98 million   equity units, and   $546 million   in net proceeds from our debt offerings on January 13, 2016.  We funded the cash consideration and out-of-pocket expenses payable with the SourceGas Acquisition using the proceeds listed above, cash on hand, and draws under our revolving credit facility. 
    
  In connection with the acquisition, the Company recorded pre-tax, incremental acquisition costs of approximately   $5.2 million   and   $36 million  , respectively, in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016.  These costs consisted of transaction costs, professional fees, employee-related expenses and other miscellaneous costs.  The costs are recorded primarily in Other operating expenses on the Condensed Consolidating Income Statements.  There were   $4.3 million   and   $5.0 million   of incremental acquisition costs recorded in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. 
    
  Our consolidated operating results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 include revenues of   $72 million   and   $217 million  , respectively, and net income (loss) of   $(3.8) million   and   $0.8 million  , respectively, attributable to SourceGas for the period from February 12 through September 30, 2016.  The SourceGas operating results are reported in our Gas Utilities segment.  We believe the SourceGas Acquisition enhances Black Hills Corporation s utility growth strategy, providing greater operating scale, driving more efficient delivery of services and benefiting customers. 

14 

We accounted for the SourceGas Acquisition in accordance with ASC 805,   Business Combinations,   with identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed recorded at their estimated fair values on the acquisition date.  Substantially all of SourceGas  operations are subject to the rate-setting authority of state regulatory commissions, and are accounted for in accordance with GAAP for regulated operations.  SourceGas  assets and liabilities subject to rate setting provisions provide revenues derived from costs, including a return on investment of assets and liabilities included in rate base.  As such, the fair value of these assets and liabilities equal their historical net book values. 
    
  We are still determining the purchase price allocation for SourceGas.  A preliminary purchase price allocation of the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed is included in the table below.  The cash consideration paid of   $1.124 billion  , net of long-term debt assumed of   $760 million   and a working capital adjustment received of approximately   $11 million  , resulted in a preliminary estimate of goodwill totaling   $941 million  .  This estimate is subject to change and will likely result in an increase or decrease in goodwill, which could be material.  We have up to one year from the acquisition date to finalize the purchase price allocation.  From the time of acquisition through September 30, 2016, we decreased goodwill by   $5.8 million  , reflecting the working capital adjustment received of   $11 million   and changes in valuation estimates for long-term debt, intangible assets, accrued liabilities and deferred taxes.  Approximately   $251 million   of the goodwill balance is amortizable for tax purposes, relating to the partnership interests that were directly acquired in the transaction.  The remainder of the goodwill balance is not amortizable for tax purposes.  Goodwill generated from the acquisition reflects the benefits of increased operating scale and organic growth opportunities. 

Conditions of SourceGas Acquisition Regulatory Approval 
    
  The acquisition was subject to regulatory approvals from the public utility commissions in Arkansas (APSC), Colorado (CPUC), Nebraska (NPSC), and Wyoming (WPSC).  Approvals were obtained from all commissions, subject to various conditions as set forth below: 
    
  The APSC order includes a   12   month base rate moratorium, an annual   $0.25 million   customer credit for a term of up to   five  -years or until we file the next rate case, whichever comes first, and provides the Company recovery of a portion of specific labor synergies at the time of the next base rate case, as well as various other terms and reporting requirements. 
    
  The CPUC order includes a   two  -year base rate moratorium for our regulated transmission and wholesale natural gas provider, a   three  -year base rate moratorium for our regulated gas distribution utility, an annual   $0.2 million   customer credit for a term of up to   five  -years or until we file the next rate case, whichever comes first, and provides the Company recovery of a portion of specific labor synergies at the time of the next base rate case, as well as various other terms and reporting requirements. 
    
  The NPSC order includes a   three  -year base rate moratorium, a   three  -year continuation of the Choice Gas program, and provides the Company recovery of a portion of specific labor synergies at the time of the next base rate case, as well as various other terms and reporting requirements. 

15 

The WPSC order includes a   three  -year continuation of the Choice Gas program, as well as various other terms and reporting requirements. 
    
  All four orders also disallowed recovery of goodwill and transaction costs.  Recovery of transition costs is disallowed in Arkansas, Colorado and Nebraska, however Wyoming allows for request of recovery of transition costs.  Transition costs are those non-recurring costs related to the transition and integration of SourceGas.  In the conditions mentioned above, the orders that include base rate moratoriums over a specified period of time do not impact our ability to adjust rates through riders or gas supply cost recovery mechanisms as allowed under the current enacted state tariffs.  In certain cases, we may file for leave to increase general base rates and/or cost of sales recovery limited to material adverse changes, but only if there are changes in law or regulations or the occurrence of other extraordinary events outside of our control which result in a material adverse change in revenues, revenue requirement and/or increase in operating costs. 
    
  Settlement of Gas Supply Contract 
    
  On April 29, 2016, we settled for   $40 million  , a former SourceGas contract that required the company to purchase all of the natural gas produced over the productive life of specific leaseholds in the Bowdoin Field in Montana.  This contract s intangible negative fair value is included with Current liabilities of the preliminary purchase price allocation.  Approximately   75%   of these purchases were committed to distribution customers in Nebraska, Colorado and Wyoming, which are subject to cost recovery mechanisms, while the remaining   25%   was not subject to regulatory recovery.  The prices to be paid under this contract varied, ranging from   $6   to   $8   per MMBtu at the time of acquisition and exceeded market prices.  We applied for and were granted approval to terminate this agreement from the NPSC, CPUC and WPSC, on the basis that the agreement was not beneficial to customers in the long term.  We received written orders allowing recovery of the net buyout costs associated with the contract termination that were allocated to regulated subsidiaries.  These costs were recorded as a regulatory asset of approximately   $30 million   that is being recovered over a   five  -year period. 
    
  Pro Forma Results 
    
  We calculated the pro forma impact of the SourceGas Acquisition and the associated debt and equity financings on our operating results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  The following pro forma results give effect to the acquisition, assuming the transaction closed on January 1, 2015: 

We derived the pro forma results for the SourceGas Acquisition based on historical financial information obtained from the sellers and certain management assumptions.  Our pro forma adjustments relate to incremental interest expense associated with the financings to effect the transaction, and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, also include adjustments to shares outstanding to reflect the equity issuances as if they had occurred on January 1, 2015, and to reflect pro forma dilutive effects of the equity units issued.  The pro forma results do not reflect any cost savings, (or associated costs to achieve such savings) from operating efficiencies or restructuring that could result from the acquisition, and exclude any unique one-time items resulting from the acquisition that are not expected to have a continuing impact on the combined consolidated results.  Pro forma results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 reflect unfavorable weather impacts resulting in lower gas usage by our customers than in the same periods of the prior year.   In addition, we calculated the tax impact of these adjustments at an estimated combined federal and state income tax rate of   37%  . 
    
  These pro forma results are for illustrative purposes only and do not purport to be indicative of the results that would have been obtained had the SourceGas Acquisition been completed on January 1, 2015, or that may be obtained in the future. 

16 

Seller s noncontrolling interest 
    
  One of the sellers retained   0.5%   of the outstanding equity interests of SourceGas under the terms of the purchase agreement.  As part of the transaction, we entered into an associated option agreement with that holder of the retained interest.  The terms of this agreement provide us a call option to purchase the remaining interest beginning 366 days after the initial close of the SourceGas transaction.  If we choose not to exercise this option during a ninety-day period, the seller may exercise the put option to sell us the retained interest.  The value of this   0.5%   equity interest is shown as Redeemable noncontrolling interest on the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets. 

(  3  )    BUSINESS SEGMENT INFORMATION 
    
  Segment information and Corporate activities included in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss) were as follows (in thousands): 

17 

___________ 
           (a) 
    Net income (loss) available for common stock for the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016     and     September 30, 2015   includes non-cash after-tax impairments of oil and gas properties of   $7.9 million   and   $33 million   and   $36 million   and   $113 million  , respectively.  See Note   20   to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
              (b) 
    Net income (loss) available for common stock for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   included a non-cash after-tax impairment to equity investments of   $3.4 million  .  See Note   20   to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
              (c) 
    Net income (loss) available for common stock for the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and     September 30, 2015   included incremental, non-recurring acquisition costs, net of tax of   $4.0 million   and   $24 million  ; and   $2.8 million   and   $3.0 million   respectively, and after-tax internal labor costs attributable to the acquisition of   $1.7 million   and   $7.4 million  ; and   $1.2 million   and   $1.8 million   respectively.  See Note   2   to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
              (d) 
    Effective January 1, 2016, Cheyenne Light s natural gas utility results are reported in our Gas Utility segment.  Cheyenne Light s gas utility results for the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   have been reclassified from the Electric Utility segment to the Gas Utility segment.  Revenue of   $6.2 million   and   $31 million  , respectively, and Net loss of   $1.0 million   and Net income of   $0.5 million  , respectively, previously reported in the Electric Utility segment in 2015 are now included in the Gas Utility segment. 
              (e) 
    Net income (loss) available for common stock is net of net income attributable to noncontrolling interests of   $3.8 million   and   $6.4 million   for the three and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  . 
              (f) 
    Gas Utility revenue increased for the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the same periods in the prior year primarily due to the addition of the SourceGas utilities on February 12, 2016. 

18 

Segment information and Corporate balances included in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets were as follows (in thousands): 

__________ 
           (a) 
    The PPA under which Black Hills Colorado IPP provides generation to support Colorado Electric customers from the Pueblo Airport Generation Station is accounted for as a capital lease.  As such, assets owned by our Power Generation segment are recorded at Colorado Electric under accounting for a capital lease. 
              (b) 
    Effective January 1, 2016, Cheyenne Light s natural gas utility results are reported in our Gas Utility segment.  Cheyenne Light s gas utility assets as of the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   have been reclassified from the Electric Utility segment to the Gas Utility segment.  Assets of   $135 million   and   $136 million  , respectively, previously reported in the Electric Utility segment in 2015 are now presented in the Gas Utility segment as of   December 31, 2015   and   September 30, 2015  . 
              (c) 
    As a result of continued low commodity prices and our decision to divest non-core oil and gas assets, we recorded non-cash impairments of   $52 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  ,   $250 million   for the year ended   December 31, 2015  , and   $178 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  .  See Note   20   to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
               (e) 
    Includes the assets acquired in the SourceGas acquisition on February 12, 2016. 

(  4  )    ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE 
    
  Following is a summary of Accounts receivable, net included in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (in thousands) as of: 

___________ 
           (a) 
    Effective January 1, 2016, Cheyenne Light s natural gas utility results are reported in our Gas Utility segment.  Cheyenne Light s gas utility accounts receivable has been reclassified from the Electric Utility segment to the Gas Utility segment.  Accounts receivable of   $6.8 million   and   $2.9 million   as of   December 31, 2015   and   September 30, 2015  , respectively, previously reported in the Electric Utility segment is now presented in the Gas Utility segment. 
     
    19 

(  5  )    REGULATORY ACCOUNTING 
    
  We had the following regulatory assets and liabilities (in thousands):   

  __________ 
           (a) 
    Recovery of costs, but we are not allowed a rate of return. 
              (b) 
    In addition to recovery of costs, we are allowed a rate of return. 
              (c) 
    In addition to recovery or repayment of costs, we are allowed a return on a portion of this amount or a reduction in rate base. 
              (d) 
    Our deferred energy, fuel cost, and gas cost adjustments represent the cost of electricity and gas delivered to our electric and gas utility customers that is either higher or lower than current rates and will be recovered or refunded in future rates.  Our electric and gas utilities file periodic quarterly, semi-annual, and/or annual filings to recover these costs based on the respective cost mechanisms approved by their applicable state utility commissions. 
              (e) 
    Increase compared to   December 31, 2015   was driven by addition of the SourceGas employee benefit plans. 
              (f) 
    South Dakota Electric has approximately   $12 million   of decommissioning costs associated with the retirements of the Neil Simpson I and Ben French power plants that are allowed a rate of return, in addition to recovery of costs. 
       
  Loss on reacquired debt   - The increase from the prior periods is the loss on the early retirement of debt assumed in the SourceGas Acquisition.  These costs are being amortized to interest expense over a maximum period of 30 years. 
    
  Gas Supply Contract Termination   - Black Hills Gas Holdings had agreements under the previous ownership that required the company to purchase all of the natural gas produced over the productive life of specific leaseholds in the Bowdoin Field in Montana.  The majority of these purchases were committed to distribution customers in Nebraska, Colorado, and Wyoming, which are subject to cost recovery mechanisms.  The prices to be paid under these agreements varied, ranging from   $6   to   $8   per MMBtu at the time of acquisition, and exceeded market prices.  We recorded a liability for this contract in our purchase price allocation.  We were granted approval to terminate these agreements from the NPSC, CPUC and WPSC, on the basis that these agreements are not beneficial to customers over the long term.  We received written orders allowing us to create a regulatory asset for the net buyout costs associated with the contract termination, and recover the majority of costs from customers over a   five   year period.  We terminated the contract and settled the liability on April 29, 2016. 

20 

Cost of Removal   - Cost of Removal represents the estimated cumulative net provisions for future removal costs included in depreciation expense.  The increase from the prior periods is primarily due to cost of removal recorded with the SourceGas purchase price allocation.  

(  6  )      MATERIALS, SUPPLIES AND FUEL 
    
  The following amounts by major classification are included in Materials, supplies and fuel in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (in thousands) as of: 

(  7  )    GOODWILL   INTANGIBLE ASSETS 
    
  Following is a summary of Goodwill included in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (in thousands): 

__________ 
           (a) 
    Represents preliminary goodwill recorded with the acquisition of SourceGas.  See Note   2   for more information. 
              (b) 
    Goodwill of   $6.3 million   is now presented in the Gas Utilities segment as a result of the inclusion of Cheyenne Light s Gas operations in the Gas Utility segment, previously reported in the Electric Utilities segment.  See Note   1   for additional details. 
       
  Following is a summary of Intangible assets included in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (in thousands): 

__________ 
           (a) 
    Intangible assets, net acquired from SourceGas are primarily non-regulated customer relationships, and are amortized over their   10  -year estimated useful lives.  See Note   2   for more information. 

21 

(  8  )    ASSET RETIREMENT OBLIGATIONS 
    
  The following table presents the details of asset retirement obligations which are included on the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets in Other deferred credits and other liabilities (in thousands): 

__________ 
           (a) 
    Represents our legal liability for retirement of gas pipelines, specifically to purge and cap these lines in accordance with Federal regulations.  Approximately   $22 million   was recorded with the purchase price allocation of SourceGas. 
              (b) 
    The Gas Utilities Revision to Prior Estimates represents our legal liability for retirement of gas pipelines, specifically to purge and cap these lines in accordance with Federal regulations. 
              (c) 
    The Mining Revision to Prior Estimates reflects an approximately   33%   reduction in equipment costs as promulgated by the State of Wyoming. 

(  9  )      EARNINGS PER SHARE 
    
  A reconciliation of share amounts used to compute Earnings (loss) per share in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss) was as follows (in thousands): 

__________ 
           (a) 
    Calculated using the treasury stock method. 
              (b) 
    Due to our net loss for the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , potentially dilutive securities were excluded from the diluted loss per share calculation due to their anti-dilutive effect.  In computing dilutive net loss per share,   58,380   and   82,130   equity compensation shares were excluded from the computations for the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , respectively. 
       
  The following outstanding securities were excluded in the computation of diluted net income (loss) per share as their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive (in thousands): 

22 

(  10  )      NOTES PAYABLE 
    
  We had the following notes payable outstanding in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (in thousands) as of: 

Revolving Credit Facility 
    
  On August 9, 2016, we amended and restated our corporate Revolving Credit Facility to increase total commitments to   $750 million   from   $500 million   and extend the term through   August 9, 2021   with   two     one  -year extension options.  This facility is similar to the former agreement, which includes an accordion feature that allows us, with the consent of the administrative agent and issuing agents, to increase total commitments of the facility up to   $1 billion  .  Borrowings continue to be available under a base rate or various Eurodollar rate options.  The interest costs associated with the letters of credit or borrowings and the commitment fee under the Revolving Credit Facility are determined based upon our most favorable Corporate credit rating from either S P or Moody s for our unsecured debt.  Based on our credit ratings, the margins for base rate borrowings, Eurodollar borrowings, and letters of credit were   0.125%  ,   1.125%  , and   1.125%  , respectively, at   September 30, 2016  .  A   0.175%   commitment fee is charged on the unused amount of the Revolving Credit Facility. 
    
  Debt Financial Covenants 
    
  On February 12, 2016, in connection with the SourceGas Acquisition discussed in Note   2  , our Revolving Credit Facility and Term Loan credit agreements were amended to permit the assumption of certain indebtedness of SourceGas and to increase the Recourse Leverage Ratio.  We also amended and restated SourceGas s   $340 million   term loan due June 30, 2017.  On February 12, 2016, the maximum Recourse Leverage Ratio increased to   0.75   to   1.00   until March 31, 2017, a period of four fiscal quarters following the SourceGas acquisition; it was previously   0.65   to   1.00  .  On August 9, 2016, in conjunction with the amendment and restatement of the Revolving Credit Facility and Term Loan, the Recourse Leverage Ratio was amended and replaced with the Consolidated Indebtedness to Capitalization Ratio.  Under the amended and restated Revolving Credit Facility and Term Loan, we are required to maintain a Consolidated Indebtedness to Capitalization Ratio not to exceed   0.70   to   1.00   at the end of fiscal quarters ending September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2016 and not to exceed   0.65   to   1.00   at the end of any fiscal quarter thereafter. 
    
  Except as provided above, our Revolving Credit Facility and our Term Loans require compliance with the following financial covenant at the end of each quarter: 

As of   September 30, 2016  , we were in compliance with this covenant. 

23 

(  11  )    LONG-TERM DEBT AND CURRENT MATURITIES OF LONG-TERM DEBT 
    
  Long-term debt was as follows (dollars in thousands): 

_______________ 
           (a) 
    Variable interest rate, based on LIBOR plus a spread. 
              (b) 
    Variable interest rate. 
      
    24 

Scheduled future maturities of debt, excluding amortization of premiums or discounts are (in thousands): 

Our debt securities contain certain restrictive financial covenants, all of which the Company and its subsidiaries were in compliance with at   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  Current Maturities of Long-Term Debt 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we have the following classified as Current maturities of long-term debt: 

_______________ 
           (a) 
    Principal payments of   $1.4 million   are due   quarterly  . 
       
  Debt Transactions 
    
  On August 19, 2016, we completed a public debt offering of   $700 million   principal amount of senior unsecured notes.  The debt offering consisted of   $400 million   of   3.15%     ten  -year senior notes due   January 15, 2027   and   $300 million   of   4.20%     30  -year senior notes due   September 15, 2046   (together the  Notes ).  The proceeds of the Notes were used for the following: 

Repay the   $325 million     5.9%   senior unsecured notes assumed in the SourceGas Acquisition; 

Repay the   $95 million  ,   3.98%   senior secured notes assumed in the SourceGas Acquisition; 

Repay the remaining   $100 million   on the   $340 million   unsecured term loan assumed in the SourceGas Acquisition; 

Pay down   $100 million   of the   $500 million     three  -year unsecured term loan discussed below; 

Payment of   $29 million   for the settlement of   $400 million   notional interest rate swap; and 

Remainder was used for general corporate purposes. 
       
  On August 9, 2016, we entered into a   $500 million  ,   three  -year, unsecured term loan expiring on August 9, 2019.  The proceeds of this term loan was used to pay down   $240 million   of the   $340 million   unsecured term loan assumed in the SourceGas Acquisition and the   $260 million   term loan expiring on   April 12, 2017  .  This new term loan has substantially similar terms and covenants as the amended and restated Revolving Credit Facility. 
    
  In accordance with regulatory orders related to the early termination and settlement of the gas supply contract described in Note 5, on June 7, 2016, we entered into a   2.32%  ,   $29 million   term loan, due June 7, 2021.  Proceeds from this term loan were used to finance the early termination of the gas supply contract, resulting in a regulatory asset.  Principal and interest are payable   quarterly   at approximately   $1.6 million  , the first of which were paid on June 30, 2016. 

25 

On January 13, 2016, we completed a public debt offering of   $550 million   principal amount of senior unsecured notes.  The debt offering consisted of   $300 million   of   3.95%  ,   ten  -year senior notes due 2026, and   $250 million   of   2.50%  ,   three  -year senior notes due 2019.  After discounts and underwriter fees, net proceeds from the offering totaled   $546 million   and were used as funding for the SourceGas Acquisition.  The discounts are amortized over the life of each respective note. 
    
  Assumption of Long-Term Debt 
    
  At the closing of the SourceGas Acquisition on February 12, 2016, we assumed   $760 million   in long-term debt, consisting of the following: 

As of September 30, 2016  , the   $760 million   in long-term debt assumed in the SourceGas Acquisition was repaid. 

(  12  )    EQUITY 
    
  A summary of the changes in equity is as follows: 

26 

At-the-Market Equity Offering Program 
    
  On March 18, 2016, we implemented an ATM equity offering program allowing us to sell shares of our common stock with an aggregate value of up to     $200 million  .  The shares may be offered from time to time pursuant to a sales agreement dated March 18, 2016.  Shares of common stock are offered pursuant to our shelf registration statement filed with the SEC.  During the three months ended September 30, 2016, we issued   819,442     common shares for     $49 million  ,   net of     $0.5 million     in commissions under the ATM equity offering program.  Through September 30, 2016, we have sold and issued an aggregate of     1,750,091     shares of common stock under the ATM equity offering program for     $106 million  ,   net of     $1.1 million     in commissions.  Additionally,   38,781     shares for net proceeds of     $2.4 million     have been sold, but were not settled and are not considered issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2016. 
    
  Sale of Noncontrolling Interest in Subsidiary 
    
  Black Hills Colorado IPP owns and operates a 200 MW, combined-cycle natural gas generating facility located in Pueblo, Colorado.  On April 14, 2016, Black Hills Electric Generation sold a   49.9%  , noncontrolling interest in Black Hills Colorado IPP for   $216 million   to a third party buyer.  FERC approval of the sale was received on March 29, 2016.  Black Hills Electric Generation is the operator of the facility, which is contracted to provide capacity and energy through 2031 to Black Hills Colorado Electric.  Proceeds from the sale were used to pay down short-term debt and for other general corporate purposes. 
    
  ASC 810 requires the accounting for a partial sale of a subsidiary in which control is maintained and the subsidiary continues to be consolidated.  The partial sale is required to be recorded as an equity transaction with no resulting gain or loss on the sale.  GAAP requires that noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries and affiliates be reported in the equity section of a company s balance sheet.  Distributions of net income attributable to noncontrolling interests are due within 30 days following the end of a quarter, but may be withheld as necessary by Black Hills Electric Generation. 
    
  Black Hills Colorado IPP has been determined to be a variable interest entity (VIE) in which the Company has a variable interest.  Black Hills Electric Generation has been determined to be the primary beneficiary of the VIE as Black Hills Electric Generation is the operator and manager of the generation facility and, as such, has the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact Black Hills Colorado IPP s economic performance.  Black Hills Electric Generation, as the primary beneficiary, continues to consolidate Black Hills Colorado IPP.  Black Hills Colorado IPP has not received financial or other support from the Company outside of pre-existing contractual arrangements during the reporting period.  Black Hills Colorado IPP does not have any debt and its cash flows from operations are sufficient to support its ongoing operations. 
    
  We have recorded the following assets and liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets related to the VIE described above as of: 

27 

(  13  )    RISK MANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES 
    
  Our activities in the regulated and non-regulated energy sectors expose us to a number of risks in the normal operation of our businesses.  Depending on the activity, we are exposed to varying degrees of market risk and credit risk.  To manage and mitigate these identified risks, we have adopted the Black Hills Corporation Risk Policies and Procedures as discussed in our   2015   Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
    
  Market Risk 
    
  Market risk is the potential loss that might occur as a result of an adverse change in market price or rate.  We are exposed to the following market risks including, but not limited to: 

Commodity price risk associated with our natural long position in crude oil and natural gas reserves and production, our retail natural gas marketing activities, and our fuel procurement for certain of our gas-fired generation assets; and 

Interest rate risk associated with our variable-rate debt. 
       
  Credit Risk 
    
  Credit risk is the risk of financial loss resulting from non-performance of contractual obligations by a counterparty. 
    
  For production and generation activities, we attempt to mitigate our credit exposure by conducting business primarily with high credit quality entities, setting tenor and credit limits commensurate with counterparty financial strength, obtaining master netting agreements, and mitigating credit exposure with less creditworthy counterparties through parental guarantees, prepayments, letters of credit, and other security agreements. 
    
  We perform ongoing credit evaluations of our customers and adjust credit limits based on payment history and the customer s current creditworthiness, as determined by review of their current credit information.  We maintain a provision for estimated credit losses based upon historical experience and any specific customer collection issue that is identified. 
    
  Our derivative and hedging activities recorded in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss) and Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) are detailed below and in Note   14  . 
    
  Oil and Gas 
    
  We produce natural gas, NGLs and crude oil through our exploration and production activities.  Our natural long positions, or unhedged open positions, result in commodity price risk and variability to our cash flows. 
    
  To mitigate commodity price risk and preserve cash flows, we primarily use exchange traded futures, swaps and options to hedge portions of our crude oil and natural gas production.  We elect hedge accounting on these instruments.  These transactions were designated at inception as cash flow hedges, documented under accounting standards for derivatives and hedging, and initially met prospective effectiveness testing.  Effectiveness of our hedging position is evaluated at least quarterly. 
    
  The derivatives were marked to fair value and were recorded as Derivative assets or Derivative liabilities on the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, net of balance sheet offsetting as permitted by GAAP.  The effective portion of the gain or loss on these derivatives for which we have elected cash flow hedge accounting is reported in AOCI in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets and the ineffective portion, if any, is reported in Revenue in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss). 

28 

The contract or notional amounts and terms of the crude oil futures and natural gas futures and swaps held at our Oil and Gas segment are composed of short positions.  We had the following short positions as of: 

__________ 
           (a) 
    Crude oil futures and call options in Bbls, natural gas in MMBtus. 
              (b) 
    Term reflects the maximum forward period hedged. 
     Based on   September 30, 2016   prices, a   $2.4 million   gain   would be realized, reported in pre-tax earnings and reclassified from AOCI during the next 12 months.    Estimated and actual realized gains or losses will change during future periods as market prices fluctuate. 
    
  Utilities 
    
  The operations of our utilities, including natural gas sold by our Gas Utilities and natural gas used by our Electric Utilities generation plants or those plants under PPAs where our Electric Utilities must provide the generation fuel (tolling agreements), expose our utility customers to volatility in natural gas prices.  Therefore, as allowed or required by state utility commissions, we have entered into commission approved hedging programs utilizing natural gas futures, options, fixed to float swaps and basis swaps to reduce our customers  underlying exposure to these fluctuations.  These transactions are considered derivatives, and in accordance with accounting standards for derivatives and hedging, mark-to-market adjustments are recorded as Derivative assets or Derivative liabilities on the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, net of balance sheet offsetting as permitted by GAAP. 
    
  For our regulated utilities  hedging plans, unrealized and realized gains and losses, as well as option premiums and commissions on these transactions are recorded as Regulatory assets or Regulatory liabilities in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets in accordance with state commission guidelines.  When the related costs are recovered through our rates, the hedging activity is recognized in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss), or the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss). 
    
  For hedging activities associated with our retail marketing operations, the effective portion of the gain or loss on these derivatives for which we have elected cash flow hedge accounting is reported in AOCI in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets and the ineffective portion, if any, is reported in Fuel, purchased power and cost of natural gas sold in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss). 
    
  The contract or notional amounts and terms of the natural gas derivative commodity instruments held at our Utilities are composed of both long and short positions.  We were in a net long position as of: 

__________ 
           (a) 
    Term reflects the maximum forward period hedged. 
               (c) 
    2,640,000 MMBtus   were designated as cash flow hedges for the natural gas fixed for float swaps purchased. 

29 

Financing Activities 
    
  In October 2015 and January 2016, we entered into forward starting interest rate swaps with a notional value totaling   $400 million   to reduce the interest rate risk associated with the anticipated issuance of senior notes.  These swaps were settled at a loss of   $29 million   in connection with the issuance of our   $400 million   of unsecured   ten  -year senior notes on August 10, 2016.  The effective portion of the loss in the amount of   $28 million   was recognized as a component of AOCI and will be recognized as a component of interest expense over the   ten  -year life of the   $400 million   unsecured senior note issued on August 19, 2016.  The ineffectiveness portion of   $1.0 million  , related to the timing of the debt issuance, was recognized in earnings as a component of interest expense.  The contract or notional amounts, terms of our interest rate swaps and the interest rate swaps balances reflected on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets were as follows (dollars in thousands) as of: 

__________ 
           (a) 
    These swaps were settled in August 2016 in conjunction with the refinancing of acquired SourceGas debt. 
              (b) 
    These swaps are designated to borrowings on our Revolving Credit Facility and are priced using three-month LIBOR, matching the floating portion of the related borrowings. 
       
  Based on   September 30, 2016     market interest rates and balances related to our interest rate swaps, a loss of approximately   $  3.4 million     would be realized, reported in pre-tax earnings and reclassified from AOCI during the next 12 months.    This total includes the amortization of the $28 million loss currently deferred in AOCI.    Estimated and actual realized gains or losses will change during future periods as market interest rates change. 
    
  Cash Flow Hedges 
    
  The impacts of cash flow hedges on our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss) were as follows (in thousands): 
                                               Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 
      Derivatives in Cash Flow Hedging Relationships 
      
    Amount of 
  Gain/(Loss) 
  Recognized 
  in AOCI 
  Derivative 
  (Effective 
  Portion) 
      
    Location of  
  Reclassifications from AOCI into Income 
      
    Amount of 
  (Gain)/Loss Reclassified 
  from AOCI 
  into Income 
  (Settlements) 
      
    Location of 
  Gain/(Loss) 
  Recognized in 
  Income on 
  Derivative 
  (Ineffective 
  Portion) 
      
    Amount of 
  Gain/(Loss) 
  Recognized in 
  Income on 
  Derivative 
  (Ineffective 
  Portion) 
      Interest rate swaps 
      
    $ 
    (465 
    ) 
      
    Interest expense 
      
    $ 
    840 

Interest expense 
      
    $ 

Commodity derivatives 
      
    727 

Revenue 
      
    (2,201 
    ) 
      
    Revenue 

Commodity derivatives 
      
    (553 
    ) 
      
    Fuel, purchased power and cost of natural gas sold 
      
    (128 
    ) 
      
    Fuel, purchased power and cost of natural gas sold 

Total 
      
    $ 
    (291 
    ) 

$ 
    (1,489 
    ) 

$ 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2015 
      Derivatives in Cash Flow Hedging Relationships 
      
    Amount of 
  Gain/(Loss) 
  Recognized 
  in AOCI 
  Derivative 
  (Effective 
  Portion) 
      
    Location of  
  Reclassifications from AOCI into Income 
      
    Amount of 
  (Gain)/Loss Reclassified 
  from AOCI 
  into Income 
  (Settlements) 
      
    Location of 
  Gain/(Loss) 
  Recognized in 
  Income on 
  Derivative 
  (Ineffective 
  Portion) 
      
    Amount of 
  Gain/(Loss) 
  Recognized in 
  Income on 
  Derivative 
  (Ineffective 
  Portion) 
      Interest rate swaps 
      
    $ 
    (898 
    ) 
      
    Interest expense 
      
    $ 
    1,603 

Interest expense 
      
    $ 

Commodity derivatives 
      
    5,280 

Revenue 
      
    (3,109 
    ) 
      
    Revenue 

Total 
      
    $ 
    4,382 

$ 
    (1,506 
    ) 

$ 

30 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 
      Derivatives in Cash Flow Hedging Relationships 
      
    Amount of 
  Gain/(Loss) 
  Recognized 
  in AOCI 
  Derivative 
  (Effective 
  Portion) 
      
    Location of  
  Reclassifications from AOCI into Income 
      
    Amount of 
  (Gain)/Loss Reclassified 
  from AOCI 
  into Income 
  (Settlements) 
      
    Location of 
  Gain/(Loss) 
  Recognized in 
  Income on 
  Derivative 
  (Ineffective 
  Portion) 
      
    Amount of 
  Gain/(Loss) 
  Recognized in 
  Income on 
  Derivative 
  (Ineffective 
  Portion) 
      Interest rate swaps 
      
    $ 
    (31,130 
    ) 
      
    Interest expense 
      
    $ 
    2,530 

Interest expense 
      
    $ 

Commodity derivatives 
      
    (312 
    ) 
      
    Revenue 
      
    (9,140 
    ) 
      
    Revenue 

Commodity derivatives 
      
    220 

Fuel, purchased power and cost of natural gas sold 
      
    23 

Fuel, purchased power and cost of natural gas sold 

Total 
      
    $ 
    (31,222 
    ) 

$ 
    (6,587 
    ) 

$ 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015 
      Derivatives in Cash Flow Hedging Relationships 
      
    Amount of 
  Gain/(Loss) 
  Recognized 
  in AOCI 
  Derivative 
  (Effective 
  Portion) 
      
    Location of  
  Reclassifications from AOCI into Income 
      
    Amount of 
  (Gain)/Loss Reclassified 
  from AOCI 
  into Income 
  (Settlements) 
      
    Location of 
  Gain/(Loss) 
  Recognized in 
  Income on 
  Derivative 
  (Ineffective 
  Portion) 
      
    Amount of 
  Gain/(Loss) 
  Recognized in 
  Income on 
  Derivative 
  (Ineffective 
  Portion) 
      Interest rate swaps 
      
    $ 
    (2,674 
    ) 
      
    Interest expense 
      
    $ 
    4,709 

Interest expense 
      
    $ 

Commodity derivatives 
      
    6,800 

Revenue 
      
    (10,707 
    ) 
      
    Revenue 

Total 
      
    $ 
    4,126 

$ 
    (5,998 
    ) 

$ 

(  14  )    FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS 
    
  Derivative Financial Instruments 
    
  The accounting guidance for fair value measurements requires certain disclosures about assets and liabilities measured at fair value.  This guidance establishes a hierarchical framework for disclosing the observability of the inputs utilized in measuring assets and liabilities at fair value.  Assets and liabilities are classified in their entirety based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement.  Our assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement requires judgment and may affect the placement within the fair value hierarchy levels.  We record transfers, if necessary, between levels at the end of the reporting period for all of our financial instruments.  For additional information, see Notes   1  ,   9  ,   10   and   11   to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in our   2015   Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC. 
    
  Transfers into Level 3, if any, occur when significant inputs used to value the derivative instruments become less observable such as a significant decrease in the frequency and volume in which the instrument is traded, negatively impacting the availability of observable pricing inputs.  Transfers out of Level 3, if any, occur when the significant inputs become more observable, such as when the time between the valuation date and the delivery date of a transaction becomes shorter, positively impacting the availability of observable pricing inputs. 

31 

Valuation Methodologies for Derivatives 
    
  Oil and Gas Segment: 

The commodity contracts for our Oil and Gas segment are valued using the market approach and include exchange-traded futures, basis swaps and call options.  Fair value was derived using exchange quoted settlement prices from third party brokers for similar instruments as to quantity and timing.  The prices are then validated through third-party sources and therefore support Level 2 disclosure. 
       
  Utilities Segments: 

The commodity contracts for our Utilities Segments, valued using the market approach, include exchange-traded futures, options, basis swaps and over-the-counter swaps (Level 2) for natural gas contracts.  For exchange-traded futures, options and basis swap assets and liabilities, fair value was derived using broker quotes validated by the exchange settlement pricing for the applicable contract.  For over-the-counter instruments, the fair value is obtained by utilizing a nationally recognized service that obtains observable inputs to compute the fair value, which we validate by comparing our valuation with the counterparty.  The fair value of these swaps includes a CVA component based on the credit spreads of the counterparties when we are in an unrealized gain position or on our own credit spread when we are in an unrealized loss position. 
       
  Corporate Activities: 

The interest rate swaps are valued using the market approach.  We establish fair value by obtaining price quotes directly from the counterparty which are based on the floating three-month LIBOR curve for the term of the contract.  The fair value obtained from the counterparty is then validated by utilizing a nationally recognized service that obtains observable inputs to compute fair value for the same instrument.  In addition, the fair value for the interest rate swap derivatives includes a CVA component.  The CVA considers the fair value of the interest rate swap and the probability of default based on the life of the contract.  For the probability of a default component, we utilize observable inputs supporting a Level 2 disclosure by using the credit default spread of the obligor, if available, or a generic credit default spread curve that takes into account our credit ratings, and the credit rating of our counterparty. 
       
  Recurring Fair Value Measurements 
    
  There have been   no   significant transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 derivative balances.  Amounts included in cash collateral and counterparty netting in the following tables represent the impact of legally enforceable master netting agreements that allow us to settle positive and negative positions, netting of asset and liability positions permitted in accordance with accounting standards for offsetting as well as cash collateral posted with the same counterparties. 
    
  The following tables set forth by level within the fair value hierarchy are gross assets and gross liabilities and related offsetting cash collateral and counterparty netting as permitted by GAAP that were accounted for at fair value on a recurring basis for derivative instruments. 

32 

33 

Fair Value Measures by Balance Sheet Classification 
    
  As required by accounting standards for derivatives and hedges, fair values within the following tables are presented on a gross basis aside from the netting of asset and liability positions permitted in accordance with accounting standards for offsetting and under terms of our master netting agreements and the impact of legally enforceable master netting agreements that allow us to settle positive and negative positions.  Additionally, as of   December 31, 2015  , and   September 30, 2015  , the amounts below will not agree with the amounts presented on our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, nor will they correspond to the fair value measurements presented in Note   13   as they are netted in other current assets. 
    
  The following tables present the fair value and balance sheet classification of our derivative instruments (in thousands): 
                               As of September 30, 2016 
        
    Balance Sheet Location 
      
    Fair Value 
  of Asset 
  Derivatives 
    Fair Value 
  of Liability 
  Derivatives 
      Derivatives designated as hedges: 

Commodity derivatives 
    Derivative assets   current 
      
    $ 
    2,919 
      
    $ 

Commodity derivatives 
    Derivative assets   non-current 
      
    66 

Interest rate swaps 
    Derivative assets   non-current 

Commodity derivatives 
    Derivative liabilities   current 

479 
      
      Commodity derivatives 
    Derivative liabilities   non-current 

256 
      
      Interest rate swaps 
    Derivative liabilities   current 

654 
      
      Interest rate swaps 
    Derivative liabilities   non-current 

Total derivatives designated as hedges 

$ 
    2,985 
      
    $ 
    1,389 

Derivatives not designated as hedges: 

Commodity derivatives 
    Derivative assets   current 
      
    $ 
    1,463 
      
    $ 

Commodity derivatives 
    Derivative assets   non-current 
      
    117 

Commodity derivatives 
    Derivative liabilities   current 

808 
      
      Commodity derivatives 
    Derivative liabilities   non-current 

61 
      
      Total derivatives not designated as hedges 

$ 
    1,580 
      
    $ 
    869 

As of December 31, 2015 
        
    Balance Sheet Location 
      
    Fair Value 
  of Asset 
  Derivatives 
    Fair Value 
  of Liability 
  Derivatives 
      Derivatives designated as hedges: 

Commodity derivatives 
    Derivative assets   current 
      
    $ 
    9,981 
      
    $ 

Commodity derivatives 
    Derivative assets   non-current 
      
    663 

Interest rate swaps 
    Derivative assets   non-current 
      
    3,441 

Commodity derivatives 
    Derivative liabilities   current 

465 
      
      Commodity derivatives 
    Derivative liabilities   non-current 

91 
      
      Interest rate swaps 
    Derivative liabilities   current 

2,835 
      
      Interest rate swaps 
    Derivative liabilities   non-current 

156 
      
      Total derivatives designated as hedges 

$ 
    14,085 
      
    $ 
    3,547 

Derivatives not designated as hedges: 

Commodity derivatives 
    Derivative assets   current 
      
    $ 

$ 

Commodity derivatives 
    Derivative assets   non-current 

Commodity derivatives 
    Derivative liabilities   current 

9,586 
      
      Commodity derivatives 
    Derivative liabilities   non-current 

12,706 
      
      Total derivatives not designated as hedges 

$ 

$ 
    22,292 

34 

As of September 30, 2015 
        
    Balance Sheet Location 
      
    Fair Value 
  of Asset 
  Derivatives 
    Fair Value  
  of Liability  
  Derivatives 
      Derivatives designated as hedges: 

Commodity derivatives 
    Derivative assets   current 
      
    $ 
    9,181 
      
    $ 

Commodity derivatives 
    Derivative assets   non-current 
      
    2,083 

Commodity derivatives 
    Derivative liabilities   current 

375 
      
      Commodity derivatives 
    Derivative liabilities   non-current 

92 
      
      Interest rate swaps 
    Derivative liabilities   current 

3,312 
      
      Interest rate swaps 
    Derivative liabilities   non-current 

722 
      
      Total derivatives designated as hedges 

$ 
    11,264 
      
    $ 
    4,501 

Derivatives not designated as hedges: 

Commodity derivatives 
    Derivative assets   current 
      
    $ 

$ 

Commodity derivatives 
    Derivative assets   non-current 

Commodity derivatives 
    Derivative liabilities   current 

8,427 
      
      Commodity derivatives 
    Derivative liabilities   non-current 

12,895 
      
      Total derivatives not designated as hedges 

$ 

$ 
    21,322 

35 

(  15  )    FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS 
    
  The estimated fair values of our financial instruments, excluding derivatives which are presented in Note   14  , were as follows (in thousands) as of: 

__________ 
           (a) 
    Carrying value approximates fair value due to either the short-term length of maturity or variable interest rates that approximate prevailing market rates, and therefore is classified in Level 1 in the fair value hierarchy. 
              (b) 
    Long-term debt is valued based on observable inputs available either directly or indirectly for similar liabilities in active markets and therefore is classified in Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. 

(  16  ) 
    OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
       
  The components of the reclassification adjustments, net of tax, included in Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the periods were as follows (in thousands): 

36 

Balances by classification included within Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) on the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets are as follows (in thousands): 

(  17  )    SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION 

37 

(  18  )    EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS 
    
  On February 12, 2016, as disclosed in Note   2  , we completed the acquisition of SourceGas, adding an additional defined benefit pension plan, two additional non-pension defined benefit postretirement plans and a 401K retirement savings plan to cover employees of the utilities acquired.  Benefits under these plans are determined based on each employee s compensation, years of service, and/or age at retirement, among other factors. 
    
  In accordance with ASC 715, the SourceGas benefit liabilities were re-measured as of February 11, 2016.  In addition, prior service costs not previously expensed were reclassified to a Regulatory asset and will be amortized over the average remaining service life of the plans. 
    
  Amounts recognized in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets upon the February 12, 2016 acquisition are (in thousands): 

Defined Benefit Pension Plan 
    Non-Pension Defined Benefit Postretirement Plans 

Unfunded postretirement benefit obligation  
    $ 
    22,187 
      
    $ 
    11,751 

Defined Benefit Pension Plans 
    
  We have three defined benefit pension plans for certain eligible employees consisting of the Black Hills Corporation pension plan, Black Hills Utility Holdings  pension plan and the SourceGas retirement plan.  The benefits for the pension plans are based on years of service and calculations of average earnings during a specific time period prior to retirement.  All Pension Plans have been closed to new employees and frozen for certain employees who did not meet age and service based criteria. 
    
  Beginning in 2016, we changed the method used to estimate the service and interest cost components of the net periodic pension, supplemental non-qualified defined benefit and other postretirement benefit costs.  The new method uses the spot yield curve approach to estimate the service and interest costs by applying the specific spot rates along the yield curve used to determine the benefit obligations to relevant projected cash outflows.  Previously, those costs were determined using a single weighted-average discount rate.  The change does not affect the measurement of the total benefit obligations as the change in service and interest costs offsets the actuarial gains and losses recorded in other comprehensive income, regulatory assets or regulatory liabilities.  The new method provides a more precise measure of interest and service costs by improving the correlation between the projected benefit cash flows and the discrete spot yield curve rates.  We accounted for this change as a change in estimate prospectively beginning in the first quarter of 2016.  The discount rates used to measure the 2016 service costs are   4.749%  ,   4.880%   and   4.372%   for pension, supplemental non-qualified defined benefit and other postretirement benefit costs, respectively.  The discount rates used to measure the   2016   interest costs are   3.827%  ,   3.817%   and   3.284%   for pension, supplemental non-qualified defined benefit and other postretirement benefit costs, respectively.  The previous method would have used a discount rate for both service and interest costs of   4.575%   for pension,   4.500%   for supplemental non-qualified defined benefit and   4.165%   for other postretirement benefit costs.  The decrease in the total   2016   service and interest costs is approximately   $2.8 million  ,   $0.3 million   and   $0.4 million   for the pension, supplemental non-qualified defined benefit and other postretirement benefit costs, respectively, as compared to the previous method. 
    
  In connection with the acquisition related re-measurement of the SourceGas benefit plans we adopted the spot yield curve method, referenced above.  The discount rates used to measure the   2016   interest costs are   3.690%   for pension and   3.319%   for other post retirement costs, effective February 11, 2016. 

38 

The components of net periodic benefit cost for the Defined Benefit Pension Plans were as follows (in thousands): 

Defined Benefit Postretirement Healthcare Plans 
    
  With the addition of the two SourceGas Postretirement Healthcare Plans, BHC now sponsors five retiree healthcare plans (Healthcare Plans) for employees who meet certain age and service requirements at retirement.  Healthcare Plan benefits are subject to premiums, deductibles, co-payment provisions and other limitations.  A portion of the Healthcare Plans is pre-funded via Voluntary Employees  Beneficiary Association,  VEBAs .  Effective January 1, 2014, health care coverage for Medicare-eligible retirees is provided through an individual market healthcare exchange for BHC and Black Hills Utility Holdings retirees.  SourceGas retirees do not participate in the individual market healthcare exchange; therefore, all permissible health claims are paid under the self-insured plan. 
    
  The components of net periodic benefit cost for the Defined Benefit Postretirement Healthcare Plans were as follows (in thousands): 

Supplemental Non-qualified Defined Benefit and Defined Contribution Plans 
    
  The components of net periodic benefit cost for the Supplemental Non-qualified Defined Benefit and Defined Contribution Plans were as follows (in thousands): 

39 

Contributions 
    
  We anticipate that we will make contributions to the benefit plans in   2016   and   2017  .  Contributions to the Defined Benefit Pension Plans are cash contributions made directly to the Pension Plan Trust accounts.  Contributions to the Healthcare and Supplemental Plans are made in the form of benefit payments.  Contributions and anticipated contributions are as follows (in thousands): 

(  19  )    COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 
    
  There have been no significant changes to commitments and contingencies from those previously disclosed in Note 20 of our Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in our   2015   Annual Report on Form 10-K except for those described below and in Notes   2   and   22  . 
    
  Gas Supply Agreements 
    
  Acquired Utilities 
    
  In connection with the SourceGas Acquisition (see Note   2  ), we assumed various commitments relating to natural gas supply and transportation commitments and lease commitments, as summarized below (in thousands): 

Also due to the acquisition, there are other commitments to purchase natural gas to meet customer needs, which are short-term or long-term in nature.  At September 30, 2016, the long-term commitments to purchase physical quantities of natural gas under contracts indexed to the following indices were as follows: 

Purchases under these contracts totaled   $6.2 million   for the   nine   months ended September 30, 2016, of which   $1.6 million   is recovered under the applicable states  purchased-gas recovery mechanisms. 

40 

Build Transfer Agreement 
    
  On November 2, 2015, Colorado Electric executed a build-transfer agreement with Invenergy Wind Development Colorado, LLC to purchase the 60 MW,   $109 million   Peak View Wind Project.  Peak View will be built by Invenergy Wind Development Colorado, LLC approximately 30 miles south of Pueblo, Colorado, in Huerfano and Las Animas counties.  The estimated cost of   $109 million   includes taxes, transmission infrastructure and interconnection costs.  Construction started in February of 2016 and is expected to be completed in late 2016.  Under the build transfer agreement, Colorado Electric makes progress payments to Invenergy, which started in late 2015, and continue through completion of the project.  Ownership of Peak View will transfer to Colorado Electric prior to commercial operation and will be operated as a utility-owned asset.  BHC has guaranteed the full and complete payment and performance on behalf of Colorado Electric.  At   September 30, 2016  , the balance of BHC s guarantee was approximately   $24 million  .  The balance of the guarantee decreases as progress payments are made.  The guarantee terminates at the earlier of 1) when BHC or Colorado Electric has paid and performed all guaranteed obligations, or 2) the second anniversary of the closing date. 
    
  Dividend Restrictions 
    
  Our Revolving Credit Facility and other debt obligations contain restrictions on the payment of cash dividends upon a default or event of default.  As of   September 30, 2016  , we were in compliance with the debt covenants. 
    
  Due to our holding company structure, substantially all of our operating cash flows are provided by dividends paid or distributions made by our subsidiaries.  The cash to pay dividends to our stockholders is derived from these cash flows.  As a result, certain statutory limitations or regulatory or financing agreements could affect the levels of distributions allowed to be made by our subsidiaries.  The following restrictions on distributions from our subsidiaries existed at   September 30, 2016  : 

Our utilities are generally limited to the amount of dividends allowed to be paid to us as a utility holding company under the Federal Power Act and settlement agreements with state regulatory jurisdictions and financing agreements.  As of   September 30, 2016  , the restricted net assets at our Electric Utilities and Gas Utilities were approximately   $257 million  . 

(  20  )    IMPAIRMENT OF ASSETS 
    
  Long-lived Assets 
    
  Our Oil and Gas segment accounts for oil and gas activities under the full cost method of accounting.  Under the full cost method, all productive and non-productive costs related to acquisition, exploration, development, abandonment and reclamation activities are capitalized.  These capitalized costs, less accumulated amortization and related deferred income taxes, are subject to a ceiling test which limits the pooled costs to the aggregate of the discounted value of future net revenue attributable to proved natural gas and crude oil reserves using a discount rate defined by the SEC plus the lower of cost or market value of unevaluated properties.  Any costs in excess of the ceiling are written off as a non-cash charge. 
    
  In determining the ceiling value of our assets under the full cost accounting rules of the SEC, we utilized the average of the quoted prices from the first day of each month from the previous 12 months.  As a result of continued low commodity prices in 2016 and throughout 2015, we recorded the following non-cash ceiling test impairments of our oil and gas assets included in our Oil and Gas segment for the three and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015  . 

During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, we recorded pre-tax non-cash impairments of oil and gas assets included in our Oil and Gas segment of   $12 million   and   $38 million  , respectively.  At September 30, 2016, the average NYMEX natural gas price was   $2.28   per Mcf, adjusted to   $1.03   per Mcf at the wellhead; the average NYMEX crude oil price was   $41.68   per barrel, adjusted to   $35.88   per barrel at the wellhead. 

During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, we recorded pre-tax non-cash impairments of oil and gas assets included in our Oil and Gas segment of   $62 million   and   $178 million  , respectively.  At September 30, 2015, the average NYMEX natural gas price was   $3.06   per Mcf, adjusted to   $1.72   per Mcf at the wellhead; the average NYMEX crude oil price was   $59.21   per barrel, adjusted to   $52.82   per barrel at the wellhead. 

41 

During the second quarter of 2016, we advanced our Oil and Gas strategy, identifying certain non-core assets which may be sold as they are not expected to be utilized in the Cost of Service Gas Program.  We assessed these assets for impairment in accordance with ASC 360.  We valued the assets applying a market method approach utilizing assumptions consistent with similar known and measurable transactions and determined that the carrying amount exceeded the fair value.  As a result, we recorded a pre-tax impairment of depreciable properties at June 30, 2016 of   $14 million  , in addition to the impairments noted above. 
    
  Equity Investments in Unconsolidated Subsidiaries 
    
  At June 30, 2015, our Oil and Gas segment owned a   25%   interest in a pipeline and gathering system, accounted for under the equity method of accounting.  Due to sustained low commodity prices, recurring operating losses and future expectations, we reviewed this investment interest for impairment utilizing the other-than-temporary impairment model under ASC 820, Fair Value Measurements.  We valued this investment applying a market method approach utilizing assumptions consistent with similar known and measurable transactions.  The carrying amount of this equity method investment exceeded the fair value, and we concluded the decline is considered to be other than temporary.  As a result we recorded a pre-tax impairment loss at June 30, 2015 of   $5.2 million  , the difference between the carrying amount and the fair value of the investment.  In December of 2015, we sold our   25%   interest in this pipeline and gathering system. 

(  21  )    INCOME TAXES 
    
  The effective tax rate differs from the federal statutory rate as follows: 

__________ 
           (a) 
    The state income tax benefit is primarily attributable to favorable flow-through adjustments. 
              (b) 
    The reconciling item reflects limited liability company (LLC) income not subject to tax.  Black Hills Colorado IPP went from a single member LLC wholly-owned by Black Hills Electric Generation to a partnership as a result of the sale of   49.9%   of its membership interests in April 2016. 
              (c) 
    The tax rate for the three months ended September 30, 2015 represents a tax benefit due to the net loss for the period. 

42 

The lower pre-tax income for the third quarter of 2016 is causing some of the percentages to not be reflective of the expected impact on full year operating results. 

_________ 
           (c) 
    The tax benefit relates to additional percentage depletion deductions that are being claimed with respect to the oil and gas properties involving prior tax years.  Such deductions are primarily the result of a change in the application of the maximum daily limitation of 1,000 barrels of oil equivalent as allowed under the Internal Revenue Code. 
              (d) 
    The tax benefit relates to the release of after-tax interest expense that was previously accrued with respect to the liability for uncertain tax positions involving the like-kind exchange transaction effectuated in connection with the IPP Transaction and Aquila Transaction that occurred in 2008.  In addition, the tax benefit includes the release of reserves involving research and development credits and deductions. Both adjustments are the result of a re-measurement of the liability for uncertain tax positions predicated on an agreement reached with IRS Appeals in early 2016. 
              (e) 
    The tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 represents a tax benefit due to the net loss for the period. 
       
  In the first quarter of 2016, we reached an agreement in principle with IRS Appeals in regards to the like-kind exchange transaction associated with the gain deferred from the tax treatment related to the 2008 IPP Transaction and the Aquila Transaction.  An agreement in principle was also reached with respect to research and development credits and deductions.  Both issues were the subject of an IRS Appeals process involving the 2007 to 2009 tax years.  We reversed approximately   $35 million   of the liability for unrecognized tax benefits, including interest, during the first quarter of 2016.  The vast majority of such reversal was to restore accumulated deferred income taxes.  We reversed accrued after-tax interest expense and tax credits of approximately   $5.1 million   associated with these liabilities in the first quarter of 2016.  The cash taxes due as a result of the agreement in principle with IRS Appeals is estimated to be   $8.0 million   excluding interest. 

(  22  )    ACCRUED LIABILITIES 
    
  The following amounts by major classification are included in Accrued liabilities in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (in thousands) as of: 

43 

ITEM 2. 
    MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 
       
  We are a customer-focused, growth-oriented, vertically-integrated utility company operating in the United States.  We report our operations and results in the following financial segments: 
    
  Electric Utilities  :  Our Electric Utilities segment generates, transmits and distributes electricity to approximately 207,000 customers in South Dakota, Wyoming, Colorado and Montana.  Our electric generating facilities and power purchase agreements provide for the supply of electricity principally to our own distribution systems.  Additionally, we sell excess power to other utilities and marketing companies, including our affiliates. 
    
  Gas Utilities  :  Our Gas Utilities conduct natural gas utility operations through our Arkansas, Colorado, Iowa, Kansas, Wyoming and Nebraska subsidiaries.  Our Gas Utilities distribute and transport natural gas through our network to approximately 1,021,000 natural gas customers.  Additionally, we sell temporarily-available, contractual pipeline capacity and gas commodities to other utilities and marketing companies, including our affiliates. 
    
  We also provide non-regulated services through Black Hills Energy Services, our gas marketing affiliate, and through our Service Guard and Tech Services product lines.  Black Hills Energy Services provides approximately 59,000 retail distribution customers in Nebraska and Wyoming with unbundled natural gas commodity offerings under the regulatory-approved Choice Gas program.  Service Guard primarily provides appliance repair services to approximately 64,000 residential customers through company technicians and third party service providers, typically through on-going monthly service agreements.  Tech Services primarily serves gas transportation customers throughout our service territory by constructing and maintaining customer-owned gas infrastructure facilities, typically through one-time contracts. 
    
  Power Generation  :  Our Power Generation segment produces electric power from its generating plants and sells the electric capacity and energy principally to our utilities under long-term contracts. 
    
  Mining  :  Our Mining segment produces coal at our coal mine near Gillette, Wyoming and sells the coal primarily to on-site, mine-mouth power generation facilities. 
    
  Oil and Gas  :  Our Oil and Gas segment engages in the production of crude oil and natural gas, primarily in the Rocky Mountain region.  We are divesting non-core oil and gas assets while retaining those best suited for a cost of service gas program and we have refocused our professional staff on assisting our utilities with the implementation of a cost of service gas program. 
    
  Our reportable segments are based on our method of internal reporting, which is generally segregated by differences in products, services and regulation.  All of our operations and assets are located within the United States.  Prior to March 31, 2016, our segments were reported within two business groups, our Utilities Group, containing the Electric Utilities and Gas Utilities segments, and our Non-regulated Energy Group, containing the Power Generation, Coal Mining and Oil and Gas segments.  We have continued to report our operations consistently through our reportable segments; however, we will no longer separate the segments by business group.  We are a customer-focused, growth-oriented, vertically-integrated utility company.  All of our non-utility business segments support our utilities, with the exception of our Oil and Gas segment. 
    
  Certain industries in which we operate are highly seasonal, and revenue from, and certain expenses for, such operations may fluctuate significantly among quarterly periods.  Demand for electricity and natural gas is sensitive to seasonal cooling, heating and industrial load requirements, as well as changes in market prices.  In particular, the normal peak usage season for our electric utilities is June through August while the normal peak usage season for our gas utilities is November through March.  Significant earnings variances can be expected between the Gas Utilities segment s peak and off-peak seasons.  Due to this seasonal nature, our results of operations for the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , and our financial condition as of   September 30, 2016  ,   December 31, 2015   and   September 30, 2015  , are not necessarily indicative of the results of operations and financial condition to be expected as of or for any other period or for the entire year. 

44 

SourceGas Acquisition 
    
  On February 12, 2016, Black Hills Utility Holdings acquired SourceGas pursuant to a purchase and sale agreement executed on July 12, 2015 for approximately $1.89 billion, which included the assumption of $760 million in debt at closing.  The purchase price was subject to post-closing adjustments of which $11 million was agreed to and received in June 2016. 
    
  SourceGas primarily operates four regulated natural gas utilities serving approximately 429,000 customers in Arkansas, Colorado, Nebraska and Wyoming and a 512 mile regulated intrastate natural gas transmission pipeline in Colorado.  SourceGas has been renamed Black Hills Gas Holdings, LLC and is a 99.5% owned subsidiary of Black Hills Utility Holdings.  See Note   2   in Item 1 of Part I of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for more information regarding the acquisition. 
    
  Segment reporting transition of Cheyenne Light s Natural Gas distribution 
    
  Effective January 1, 2016, the natural gas operations of Cheyenne Light are reported in our Gas Utilities Segment.  Through December 31, 2015, Cheyenne Light s natural gas operations were included in our Electric Utilities Segment as these natural gas operations were consolidated within Cheyenne Light since its acquisition.  This change is a result of our business segment reorganization to, among other things, integrate all regulated natural gas operations, including the SourceGas Acquisition, into our Gas Utilities Segment which is led by the Group Vice President, Natural Gas Utilities.  Likewise, all regulated electric utility operations including Cheyenne Light s electric utility operations are reported in our Electric Utilities Segment, which is led by the Group Vice President, Electric Utilities.  The prior period has been reclassified to reflect this change in presentation between the Electric Utilities and Gas Utilities segments.  The reclassifications moving Cheyenne Light s natural gas results from the Electric Utilities segment to the Gas Utilities segment consisted of increasing Gas Utilities and decreasing (increasing) Electric Utilities Revenue, Gross Margin and Net Income (loss) by $6.2 million, $4.1 million and $(0.7) million, respectively, for the three months ended September 30, 2015, and $31 million, $15 million and $0.8 million, respectively, for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 
  Utility Rebranding 
    
  All of our utilities are now operating with the trade name Black Hills Energy.  We have expanded our regulated operations with the acquisition of SourceGas, as well as with our 2015 utility acquisitions.  We have rebranded our Cheyenne Light utilities, Black Hills Power utility and our SourceGas utilities to operate under the name Black Hills Energy, conforming to the name under which our other utilities operate.  Within our Electric utilities segment and our Gas Utilities segment, references made to our utilities are presented as follows according to their respective state: 
    
  Electric Utilities Segment 

Black Hills Energy South Dakota Electric - includes all Black Hills Power utility operations in South Dakota, Wyoming and Montana. 

Black Hills Energy Wyoming Electric - includes all Cheyenne Light electric utility operations. 

Black Hills Energy Colorado Electric - includes all Colorado Electric utility operations. 
       
  Gas Utilities Segment 

Black Hills Energy Arkansas Gas - includes the results from the acquired SourceGas utility Black Hills Energy Arkansas operations. 

Black Hills Energy Colorado Gas - includes Black Hills Energy Colorado Gas utility operations, as well as the acquired SourceGas utility Black Hills Gas Distribution s Colorado operations and RMNG operations. 

Black Hills Energy Nebraska Gas - includes Black Hills Energy Nebraska gas utility operations, as well as the acquired SourceGas utility Black Hills Gas Distribution s Nebraska operations. 

Black Hills Energy Iowa Gas - includes Black Hills Energy Iowa gas utility operations. 

Black Hills Energy Kansas Gas - includes Black Hills Energy Kansas gas utility operations. 

45 

Black Hills Energy Wyoming Gas - includes Cheyenne Light s natural gas utility operations, as well as the acquired SourceGas utility Black Hills Gas Distribution s Wyoming operations. 
       
               See Forward-Looking Information in the Liquidity and Capital Resources section of this Item 2, beginning on Page    84  . 

The segment information does not include inter-company eliminations.  Minor differences in amounts may result due to rounding.  All amounts are presented on a pre-tax basis unless otherwise indicated. 

Results of Operations 
    
  Executive Summary, Significant Events and Overview 
    
  Three   Months Ended   September 30, 2016   Compared to   Three   Months Ended   September 30, 2015  .    Net income (loss) available for common stock for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   was   $14 million  , or   $0.26   per share, compared to Net income (loss) available for common stock of   $(9.9) million  , or   $(0.22)   per share, reported for the same period in   2015  .  The Net income (loss) available for common stock for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   increased over the same period in the prior year primarily due to higher earnings at our Electric Utilities, and a decrease in impairment charges on our oil and gas properties.  Net income (loss) available for common stock for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   included a non-cash after-tax impairment of oil and gas properties of   $7.9 million   compared to a non-cash after-tax impairment of   $36 million   in the same period of the prior year.  The Net income (loss) available for common stock for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   is net of   $3.8 million   of net income attributable to noncontrolling interests and includes a loss of   $3.8 million   from our acquired SourceGas utilities and after-tax SourceGas acquisition and transition related costs of   $4.0 million  .  The Net income (loss) available for common stock for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2015   included after-tax SourceGas acquisition and transition related costs of   $2.8 million  . 
    
  Nine   Months Ended   September 30, 2016   Compared to   Nine   Months Ended   September 30, 2015  .    Net income (loss) available for common stock for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   was   $55 million  , or   $1.04   per share, compared to Net income (loss) available for common stock of   $(18) million  , or   $(0.40)   per share, reported for the same period in   2015  .  The Net income (loss) available for common stock for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , net of   $6.4 million   of net income attributable to noncontrolling interests, increased over the same period in the prior year due primarily to lower impairment charges of our Oil and Gas properties; higher earnings at our Electric and Gas Utilities, which include earnings of   $0.8 million   from our acquired SourceGas utilities since the acquisition date of February 12, 2016; approximately $11 million in tax benefits recognized in the first quarter of 2016 from     additional percentage depletion deductions that are being claimed with respect to our oil and gas properties; and the     re-measurement of the liability for uncertain tax positions predicated on an agreement reached with IRS Appeals in early 2016.  The   nine   months ended September 30, 2016 also included non-cash after-tax impairments of our oil and gas properties of   $33 million   and after-tax SourceGas acquisition and transition costs of   $24 million  .  The Net income (loss) available for common stock for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   included a non-cash after-tax ceiling test impairment of our oil and gas properties of   $113 million  , after-tax SourceGas acquisition and transition costs of   $3.0 million  , and a non-cash after-tax impairment loss on an equity investment of $3.4 million. 

46 

The following table summarizes select financial results by operating segment and details significant items (in thousands): 

__________ 
           (a) 
    Net income (loss) available for common stock for the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015   included non-cash after-tax impairments of our oil and gas properties of   $7.9 million   and   $33 million   and   $36 million   and   $113 million  , respectively.  See Note   20   of the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
              (b) 
    Net income (loss) available for common stock for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   included a tax benefit of approximately   $5.8 million   recognized from additional percentage depletion deductions that are being claimed with respect to our oil and gas properties involving prior tax years. 
              (c) 
    Net income (loss) available for common stock for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   included a non-cash after-tax impairment to equity investments of   $3.4 million  . 
              (d) 
    Net income (loss) available for common stock for the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015   included incremental, non-recurring acquisition costs, after-tax of   $4.0 million   and   $24 million  , and   $2.8 million   and   $3.0 million  , respectively, and after-tax internal labor costs attributable to the acquisition of   $1.7 million   and   $7.4 million  , and   $1.2 million   and   $1.8 million   respectively. See Note   2   of the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
              (e) 
    Net income (loss) available for common stock for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   included tax benefits of approximately   $4.4 million   as a result of the re-measurement of the liability for uncertain tax positions predicated on an agreement reached with IRS Appeals in early 2016. 
       
  Overview of Business Segments and Corporate Activity 
    
  Electric Utilities Segment 

Electric Utilities experienced milder and hotter weather, respectively, during the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  .  Cooling degree days were   3%   lower and   8%   higher, respectively for the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to the same periods in   2015  .  Cooling degree days for the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   were   15%   and   26%   higher than normal, compared to   19%   and   16%   higher than normal for the same periods in 2015. 

On May 3, 2016, Colorado Electric filed a request with the Colorado Public Utilities Commission to increase its annual revenues by $8.9 million to recover investments in a $65 million, 40 MW natural gas-fired combustion turbine, currently under construction.  Construction on the turbine continued in the third quarter of 2016.  Through September 30, 2016, approximately $56 million was expended, and the project is on schedule to be completed and placed into service in the fourth quarter of 2016.  Construction riders related to the project increased gross margins by approximately $1.6 million and $3.8 million for the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively.  Hearings were held regarding this matter in October 2016 and we expect new rates to be effective January 1, 2017. 

47 

During the first quarter of 2016, South Dakota Electric commenced construction of the $54 million, 230-kV, 144 mile-long transmission line that will connect the Teckla Substation in northeast Wyoming to the Lange Substation near Rapid City, South Dakota.  The first segment of this project connecting Teckla to Osage, WY was placed in service on August 31, 2016.  The second segment connecting Osage to Lange is expected to be placed in service in the first half of 2017. 

On June 23, 2015, Colorado Electric filed for a CPCN with the CPUC to acquire the planned $109 million, 60 MW Peak View Wind Project, to be located near Colorado Electric's Busch Ranch wind farm.  This renewable energy project was originally submitted in response to Colorado Electric's all-source generation request on May 5, 2014.  On October 21, 2015, the Commission approved a build transfer proposal and settlement agreement.  The settlement provides for recovery of the costs of the project through Colorado Electric s Electric Cost Adjustments and Renewable Energy Standard Surcharge for 10 years, after which Colorado Electric can propose base rate recovery.  Colorado Electric will be required to make an annual comparison of the cost of the renewable energy generated by the facility against the bid cost of a PPA from the same facility.  Colorado Electric will purchase the project for approximately $109 million through progress payments throughout 2016, with ownership transfer occurring just before achieving commercial operation.  The project is being built by Invenergy Wind Development Colorado LLC and all 34 turbines have been constructed and tested.  Commercial operation is expected in the fourth quarter of 2016.  Through September 30, 2016, approximately $96 million was expended on the project. 
       
  Gas Utilities Segment 

Gas Utilities experienced cooler and milder weather, respectively, during the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  .  Heating degree days were   147%   higher and   17%   lower, respectively, for the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to the same periods in   2015  .  Heating degree days for the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   were   35%   higher and   9%   lower than normal, respectively, compared to   57%   and   2%   lower than normal for the same periods in   2015  . 

During the third quarter of 2016, the Company withdrew its Cost of Service Gas applications in Wyoming, Iowa, Kansas and South Dakota.  In consideration of the July 19, 2016 denial of the application from the NPSC and the April 2016 dismissal of its application from the CPUC, the Company is re-evaluating its Cost of Service Gas regulatory approval strategy. 
       
  The Company s initial applications submitted in late 2015 were based on a two-phase approach, the first of which would establish the criteria for how the program would work, and the second would seek approval for a specific gas reserves property.  The orders in Colorado and Nebraska indicated the initial phase filings contained insufficient information and data to support customer benefits.  Based on pre-hearing discovery and commission orders, the Company is considering filing new applications for approval of specific gas reserve properties. 
    
  Power Generation Segment 

Black Hills Colorado IPP owns and operates a 200 MW, combined cycle natural gas generating facility located in Pueblo, Colorado.  On April 14, 2016, Black Hills Electric Generation sold a 49.9%, noncontrolling interest in Black Hills Colorado IPP for $216 million.  FERC approval of the sale was received on March 29, 2016.  Proceeds from the sale were used to pay down short-term debt.  Black Hills Electric Generation continues to be the majority owner and operator of the facility, which is contracted to provide capacity and energy through 2031 to Black Hills Colorado Electric. 
       
  Oil and Gas Segment 

Our Oil and Gas segment was impacted by lower net hedged prices received for crude oil and natural gas for the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the same periods in   2015  .  The average hedged price received for natural gas decreased by   4%   and   32%  , respectively, for the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the same periods in   2015  .  The average hedged price received for oil decreased by   3%   and   14%  , respectively, for the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the same periods in   2015  .  Oil and Gas production volumes increased   5%   and   0%  , respectively, for the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the same periods in   2015  . 
     
    48 

Oil and Gas results benefited by $5.8 million from a change in estimate related to income taxes.  The tax benefit relates to additional percentage depletion deductions that are being claimed with respect to the oil and gas properties.  The benefit recorded in the first quarter of 2016 includes a change in estimate recorded for income tax accounting purposes.  This benefit was the result of completion of a study to analyze prior depletion claimed dating back to 2007. 

We review the carrying value of our natural gas and oil properties under the full cost accounting rules of the SEC on a quarterly basis, known as a ceiling test.  For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, our Oil and Gas segment recorded pre-tax, non-cash ceiling test impairments of $12 million and $38 million, respectively as a result of continued low commodity prices.  We also recorded a $14 million impairment of other Oil and Gas depreciable properties not included in our full cost pool during the second quarter of 2016 as we decided to divest non-core oil and gas assets. 
       
  Corporate Activities 

Repay the   $325 million     5.9%   senior unsecured notes assumed in the SourceGas Acquisition; 

Repay the   $95 million  ,   3.98%   senior secured notes assumed in the SourceGas Acquisition; 

Repay the remaining   $100 million   on the   $340 million   unsecured term loan assumed in the SourceGas Acquisition; 

Pay down   $100 million   of the   $500 million     three  -year unsecured term loan discussed below; 

Payment of $29 million for the settlement of   $400 million   notional interest rate swaps; and 

Remainder was used for general corporate purposes. 

On August 9, 2016, we amended and restated our corporate Revolving Credit Facility to increase total commitments to $750 million from $500 million and extended the term through August 9, 2021, with two one-year extension options.  The facility includes an accordion feature that allows us, with the consent of the administrative agent and issuing agents, to increase total commitments of the facility up to $1 billion.  Borrowings continue to be available under a base rate or various Eurodollar rate options, which are substantially the same as the former agreement. 

During the first quarter of 2016, we reached an agreement in principle with IRS Appeals with respect to our liability for unrecognized tax benefits attributable to the like-kind exchange effectuated in connection with the 2008 IPP Transaction and the 2008 Aquila Transaction.  This agreement resulted in a tax benefit of approximately $5.1 million in the first quarter of 2016.  See Note   21   of the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional details on this agreement. 

On March 18, 2016, we implemented an ATM equity offering program allowing us to sell shares of our common stock with an aggregate value of up to     $200 million  .  The shares may be offered from time to time pursuant to a sales agreement dated March 18, 2016.  Shares of common stock are offered pursuant to our shelf registration statement filed with the SEC.  During the three months ended September 30, 2016, we issued   819,442     common shares for     $49 million  ,   net of     $0.5 million     in commissions under the ATM equity offering program.  Through September 30, 2016, we have sold and issued an aggregate of     1,750,091     shares of common stock under the ATM equity offering program for     $106 million  ,   net of     $1.1 million     in commissions.  Additionally,   38,781     shares for net proceeds of     $2.4 million     have been sold, but were not settled and are not considered issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2016. 
     
    49 

On February 12, 2016, Black Hills Utility Holdings acquired SourceGas, pursuant to the purchase and sale agreement executed on July 12, 2015 for approximately $1.89 billion, which included the assumption of $760 million in long-term debt at closing.  In June 2016 we agreed to and received a working capital adjustment of $11 million.  SourceGas operates four regulated natural gas utilities serving approximately 429,000 customers in Arkansas, Colorado, Nebraska and Wyoming, and a 512 mile regulated intrastate natural gas transmission pipeline in Colorado.  We funded the majority of the SourceGas Transaction with the following financings: 

On February 12, 2016, Moody's affirmed the BHC credit rating of Baa1 and maintained a negative outlook following our acquisition of SourceGas.  Moody s maintained a negative outlook while monitoring BHC s progress toward integrating the SourceGas assets subsequent to closing, consummating the sale of the 49.9% noncontrolling interest of our Colorado IPP assets and utilizing an ATM equity offering program.  In addition, the negative outlook reflects overall weaker consolidated metrics when compared to historical ranges. 

On February 12, 2016, S P affirmed the BHC credit rating of BBB and maintained a stable outlook after our acquisition of SourceGas, reflecting their expectation that management will continue to focus on the core utility operations while maintaining an excellent business risk profile following the acquisition. 

On February 12, 2016, Fitch affirmed the BHC credit rating of BBB+ and maintained a negative outlook after our acquisition of SourceGas, which reflects the initial increased leverage associated with the SourceGas Acquisition. 

On January 20, 2016, we executed a 10-year, $150 million notional, forward starting pay fixed interest rate swap at an all-in interest rate of 2.09%, and on October 2, 2015, we executed a 10-year, $250 million notional forward starting pay fixed interest rate swap at an all-in rate of 2.29%, to hedge the risks of interest rate movement between the hedge dates and pricing date for long-term debt refinancings occurring in August 2016.  On August 19, 2016, we settled and terminated these interest rate swaps for a loss of $29 million, as discussed above.  The loss recorded in AOCI will be amortized over the 10 year life of the associated debt. 
       
  Operating Results 
    
  A discussion of operating results from our segments and Corporate activities follows. 

Non-GAAP Financial Measure 
  The following discussion includes financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP, as well as another financial measure, gross margin, that is considered a  non-GAAP financial measure.   Generally, a non-GAAP financial measure is a numerical measure of a company s financial performance, financial position or cash flows that excludes (or includes) amounts that are included in (or excluded from) the most directly comparable measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP.  Gross margin (revenue less cost of sales) is a non-GAAP financial measure due to the exclusion of depreciation from the measure.  The presentation of gross margin is intended to supplement investors  understanding of our operating performance. 
    
  Gross margin for our Electric Utilities is calculated as operating revenue less cost of fuel and purchased power.  Gross margin for our Gas Utilities is calculated as operating revenues less cost of natural gas sold.  Our gross margin is impacted by the fluctuations in power purchases and natural gas and other fuel supply costs.  However, while these fluctuating costs impact gross margin as a percentage of revenue, they only impact total gross margin if the costs cannot be passed through to our customers. 
    
  Our gross margin measure may not be comparable to other companies  gross margin measure.  Furthermore, this measure is not intended to replace operating income as determined in accordance with GAAP as an indicator of operating performance. 

50 

Electric Utilities 

51 

52 

__________ 
           (a) 
    An increase in gas-fired generation from Cheyenne Prairie was due to lower coal fired generation driven by outages at the coal-fired Wyodak plant during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 
              (b) 
    Increase was due to a planned annual outage at Wygen II during the three months ended September 30, 2015. 

53 

__________ 
           (a) 
    Decrease for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 was due to outages at large industrial customers. 
              (b) 
    Decrease was driven by load requirements related to a unit-contingent PPA during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 
              (c) 
    Increase in 2016 generation was primarily driven by commodity prices that impacted power marketing sales. 
              (d) 
    Includes company uses, line losses, and excess exchange production. 
     
    54 

__________ 
           (a) 
    Combined actuals are calculated based on the weighted average number of total customers by state. 

__________ 
           (a) 
    Decrease is due to a planned outage at Wygen III and an extended planned outage at Wyodak during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 
     
    55 

Results of Operations for the Electric Utilities for the Three Months Ended   September 30, 2016   Compared to the Three Months Ended   September 30, 2015  :    Net income available for common stock for the Electric Utilities was   $24 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to Net income available for common stock of   $23 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  , as a result of: 
    
  Gross margin   was comparable to the prior year reflecting   a $0.8 million increase in our construction and TCA rider margins and an increase of $0.8 million in commercial and industrial margins driven by increased demand compared to the same period in the prior year.       Partially offsetting these increases were lower residential margins of $0.6 million driven primarily by lower residential megawatt hours sold and a decrease in cooling degree days which were 3 percent lower than the prior year and 15 percent higher than normal. 
    
  Operations and maintenance     decreased   primarily due to   lower generation and major maintenance expenses of $1.4 million primarily as a result of outage timing differences compared to the same period in the prior year and $0.9 million driven by a change in expense allocations impacting the electric utilities as a result of integrating the acquired SourceGas utilities. 
    
  Depreciation and amortization     increased     primarily due to a higher asset base. 
    
  Interest expense, net     decreased   primarily due to   higher AFUDC interest income driven by construction in process in the current period compared to the same period in the prior year. 
    
  Other income (expense), net     increased   primarily due to higher AFUDC equity in the current period compared to the same     period in the prior year. 
    
  Income tax benefit (expense)  :  The effective tax rate was comparable to the same period in the prior year. 
    
  Results of Operations for the Electric Utilities for the   Nine   Months Ended   September 30, 2016   Compared to the   Nine   Months Ended   September 30, 2015  :    Net income available for common stock for the Electric Utilities was   $63 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to Net income available for common stock of   $58 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , as a result of: 
    
  Gross margin   was comparable to the same period in the prior year reflecting increased rider margins of $3.5 million driven primarily by our construction and TCA riders, an increase of $1.5 million in residential margins driven by favorable weather and a $0.8 million increase in energy efficiency margin recovery.  Offsetting these increases was a $2.1 million benefit in the prior year as a result of a one-time settlement agreement from the CPUC on our renewable energy standard adjustment related to the Busch Ranch wind farm, a prior year increase in return on invested capital of $1.2 million from South Dakota Electric s rate case, a $1.2 million decrease driven by lower residential usage per customer and a $1.3 million decrease due to third party billing true-ups relating to the current and prior years.  
    
  Operations and maintenance     decreased   primarily due to $4.2 million of lower employee costs driven by a change in expense allocations impacting the electric utilities as a result of integrating the acquired SourceGas utilities; additional lower pension related costs of $1.3 million primarily due to discount rate and changes in the yield curve methodology; and lower generation and major maintenance expenses of $0.9 million compared to the same period in the prior year. 
    
  Depreciation and amortization     increased   primarily due to a higher asset base. 
    
  Interest expense, net     decreased   primarily due to   higher AFUDC interest income driven by construction in process in the current period compared to the same period in the prior year. 
    
  Other income (expense), net   increased primarily due to higher AFUDC equity in the current period compared to the same period in the prior year. 
    
  Income tax benefit (expense)  :  The effective tax rate was comparable to the same period in the prior year. 

56 

Gas Utilities 

The following table summarizes our system infrastructure updated to include our acquired SourceGas utilities: 

57 

58 

59 

60 

__________ 
           (a) 
    Change from prior year due to a change in Wholesale customer classification to Industrial classification. 

61 

Our Gas Utilities are highly seasonal, and sales volumes vary considerably with weather and seasonal heating and industrial loads.  Over 70% of our Gas Utilities  revenue and margins are expected in the first and fourth quarters of each year.  Therefore, revenue for, and certain expenses of, these operations fluctuate significantly among quarters.  Depending upon the state in which our Gas Utilities operate, the winter heating season begins around November 1 and ends around March 31. 

__________ 
           (a) 
    Kansas Gas has an approved weather normalization mechanism within its rate structure, which minimizes weather impact on gross margins.  Arkansas has a weather normalization mechanism in effect during the months of November through April and is included for those customers with residential and business rate schedules.  The weather normalization mechanism in Arkansas differs from that in Kansas in that it only uses one location to calculate the weather, compared to Kansas, which uses multiple locations.  The weather normalization mechanism in Arkansas minimizes weather impact, but does not eliminate the impact. 
              (b) 
    The combined heating degree days are calculated based on a weighted average of total customers by state excluding Kansas Gas due to its weather normalization mechanism. 
              (c) 
    The combined 2015 variance from 30-Year Average reflects the inclusion of Cheyenne Light s natural gas utility operations. 
              (d) 
    Comparison to normal is not a meaningful measure due to the HDD seasonality in Arkansas.  1 HDD is the Normal for the three months ended September 30, 2016 in Arkansas. 

62 

Results of Operations for the Gas Utilities for the Three Months Ended   September 30, 2016   Compared to the Three Months Ended   September 30, 2015  :    Net loss available for common stock for the Gas Utilities was   $3.0 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to Net income available for common stock of   $0.7 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  , as a result of: 
    
  Gross margin     increased     primarily due to margins of approximately $53 million contributed by the SourceGas utilities acquired on Feb. 12, 2016.    
    
  Operations and maintenance   increased   primarily due to additional operating costs of approximately $31 million for the acquired SourceGas utilities.      Partially offsetting this increase were lower employee costs of $1.2 million driven by a change in expense allocations impacting the gas utilities as a result of integrating the acquired SourceGas utilities. 
    
  Depreciation and amortization     increased     primarily due to additional depreciation from the acquired SourceGas utilities of approximately $13 million, and due to a higher asset base at our other utilities over the same period in the prior year. 
    
  Interest expense, net   increased   primarily due to additional interest expense of approximately $17 million from the acquired SourceGas utilities. 
    
  Other income (expense), net   was comparable to the same period in the prior year. 
    
  Income tax benefit (expense)  :    The effective tax rate, including the impact of the acquired SourceGas utilities, reflects additional tax benefits related primarily to a favorable tax return true-up and flow-through adjustments.  Such adjustments were attributable to legacy gas utility operations. 
    
  Results of Operations for the Gas Utilities for the   Nine   Months Ended   September 30, 2016   Compared to the   Nine   Months Ended   September 30, 2015  :    Net income available for common stock for the Gas Utilities was   $30 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to Net income available for common stock of   $27 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , as a result of: 
    
  Gross margin     increased   primarily due to margins of approximately $152 million contributed by the SourceGas utilities acquired on February 12, 2016.  An additional margin increase of $3.2 million was attributable to year-over-year customer growth primarily from our 2015 Wyoming gas system acquisitions.  Partially offsetting these increases was a $2.6 million decrease due to weather.  Heating degree days were   17%   lower for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the same period in the prior year and   9%   lower than normal in the current year, compared to   2%   lower than normal in the prior year. 
    
  Operations and maintenance     increased   primarily due to additional operating costs of approximately $78 million for the acquired SourceGas utilities.  Partially offsetting this increase were lower employee costs primarily due to a $5.2 million decrease driven by a change in expense allocations as a result of integrating the new SourceGas utilities. 
    
  Depreciation and amortization     increased   primarily due to additional depreciation from the acquired SourceGas utilities of approximately $32 million, and due to a higher asset base at our other utilities over the same period in the prior year. 
    
  Interest expense, net     increased   primarily due to additional interest expense of approximately $41 million from the acquired SourceGas utilities. 
    
  Other income (expense), net   was comparable to the same period in the prior year. 
    
  Income tax benefit (expense)  :  The effective tax rate, including the impact of the acquired SourceGas utilities, is comparable to the same period in the prior year. 

63 

Regulatory Matters 
    
  For more information on enacted regulatory provisions with respect to the states in which our Utilities operate, see Part I, Items 1 and 2 of our   2015   Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC. 
    
  Colorado Electric Rate Case filing 
    
  On May 3, 2016, Colorado Electric filed a rate request with the CPUC to increase annual revenues by $8.9 million to recover investments in the $65 million, 40 MW natural gas-fired combustion turbine, currently under construction.  The filing seeks a return on equity of 9.83% and a capital structure of 50.92% equity and 49.08% debt.  Hearings were held regarding this matter in October 2016 and we expect new rates to be effective January 1, 2017. 
    
  Black Hills Gas Holdings Regulatory Matters 
    
  The following table illustrates information about certain enacted regulatory provisions with respect to the states in which our acquired SourceGas utilities operate: 

__________ 
           (a) 
    Arkansas return on rate base adjusted to remove current liabilities from rate case capital structure for comparison with other subsidiaries. 
              (b) 
    Arkansas rate base adjusted to include current liabilities for comparison with other subsidiaries. 
              (c) 
    Total Nebraska rate base of $87.6 million includes amounts allocated to serve non-jurisdictional and agricultural customers.  Jurisdictional Nebraska rate base of $69.8 million excludes those amounts allocated to serve non-jurisdictional and agricultural customers and is used for calculation of jurisdictional base rates. 
       
  Some of the mechanisms in place at the Black Hills Gas Holdings utilities include the following: 

In Arkansas, we have tariff adjustment mechanisms for weather normalization and revenue erosion from a decline in billing determinants.  We also have tariffs that allow more timely recovery of main replacements, at-risk meter replacements and expenditures due to legislative/regulatory mandates and relocations outside of a rate case. 

In Nebraska and for RMNG, we have a system safety and integrity rider that recovers forecast safety and integrity capital expenditure-related costs and operating and maintenance expenses. 

In Nebraska, we are allowed to recover uncollectible accounts expenses through a choice supplier fee. 

In Wyoming, we have a cost adjustment to recover lost revenue due to declining usage per customer and a rider to recover the cost of replacing above ground pipe. 
     
    64 

The following summarizes Black Hills Gas Holdings  recent state and federal rate case and initial surcharge orders (in millions): 

__________ 
           (a) 
    In February 2016, Arkansas Gas implemented new base rates resulting in a revenue increase of $8.0 million.  The APSC modified a stipulation reached between the APSC Staff and all intervenors except the Attorney General and Arkansas Gas in its order issued on January 28, 2016.  The modified stipulation revised the capital structure to 52% debt and 48% equity and also limited recovery of portions of cost related to incentive compensation. 
       
           (b) 
    On November 1, 2015, RMNG filed with the CPUC requesting recovery of $1.5 million related to system safety and integrity  SSIR  expenditures expected to be incurred in 2016.  The SSIR rate was adjusted downward to reflect a true up of $0.7 million from the expenditure projection for 2014.  The SSIR tariff was allowed to go into effect by operation of law on January 1, 2016. 

(d) 
    On January 1, 2011, Wyoming Gas implemented new base rates in accordance with the order by the WPSC issued on December 23, 2010.  The approved rates were based upon an authorized return on equity of 9.92% and a capital structure of 49.66% debt and 50.34% equity.  The rate increase represented a $4.3 million increase over existing rates. 
       
           (e) 
    On December 1, 2010, the CPUC issued an order approving a stipulation to increase Colorado Gas base rates by $2.8 million.  The stipulated rate increase was based upon an authorized return on equity of 10.00% and a capital structure of 49.23% debt and 50.77% equity.  Increased rates became effective on December 3, 2010. 
       
  Cost of Service Gas Program Filings 
    
  On September 30, 2015, BHC s utility subsidiaries submitted applications with respective state utility regulators seeking approval for a Cost of Service Gas Program in Iowa, Kansas, Nebraska, South Dakota and Wyoming.  An application was submitted in Colorado on November 2, 2015.  The Cost of Service Gas Program is designed to provide long-term natural gas price stability for the Company s utility customers, along with a reasonable expectation of customer savings over the life of the program. 
    
  The Company s initial cost of service applications were developed during a two-year period with input from state regulatory commissioners, staff and consumer advocates to structure the program using a two-phase approach.  The first phase would establish the criteria for how the program would work and the second phase would seek approval for a specific gas reserves property. 
  Hearings for approval of the Cost of Service Gas Program were conducted in Nebraska and Iowa in April and May, respectively.  On July 19, 2016, the NPUC issued an order denying our application.  In April, the CPUC dismissed without prejudice the Company s application.  Orders from these two states indicated that the initial phase filings contained insufficient information and data to support customer benefits.  Hearings were scheduled for Wyoming in August 2016, and for Kansas and South Dakota in September 2016.   On July 26, 2016 the Company announced it requested a withdrawal of proceedings for its Cost of Service Gas application in Wyoming and subsequently withdrew its applications in Iowa, Kansas and South Dakota.  Based on pre-hearing discovery and the two commission orders, the Company is considering filing new applications for approval of specific gas reserve properties. 

65 

Power Generation 

____________ 
           (a) 
    The generating facility located in Pueblo, Colorado is accounted for as a capital lease under GAAP; as such, revenue and depreciation expense are impacted by the accounting for this lease.  Under the lease, the original cost of the facility is recorded at Colorado Electric and is being depreciated by Colorado Electric for segment reporting purposes. 
       
  On April 14, 2016, Black Hills Electric Generation sold a 49.9%, noncontrolling interest in Black Hills Colorado IPP for $216 million.  Black Hills Electric Generation continues to be the majority owner and operator of the facility, which is contracted to provide capacity and energy through 2031 to Black Hills Colorado Electric.  Net income available for common stock for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, was reduced by   $3.8 million   and   $6.4 million  , respectively, attributable to this noncontrolling interest. 

66 

The following table summarizes MWh for our Power Generation segment: 

____________ 
           (a) 
    Company uses and losses are not included in the quantities sold, generated, and purchased. 
              (b) 
    Under the 20-year economy energy PPA with the City of Gillette, effective September 2014, Black Hills Wyoming purchases energy on behalf of the City of Gillette and sells that energy to the City of Gillette. 
       
  The following table provides certain operating statistics for our plants within the Power Generation segment: 

____________ 
           (a) 
    Decrease due to a planned outage on Wygen I during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 
       
  Results of Operations for Power Generation for the Three Months Ended   September 30, 2016   Compared to the Three Months Ended   September 30, 2015  :    Net income available for common stock for the Power Generation segment was   $5.6 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to Net income available for common stock of   $9.1 million   for the same period in   2015   as a result of: 
    
  Revenue     was comparable to the same period in the prior year, reflecting a year over year increase in PPA prices. 
    
  Operations and maintenance     was comparable to the same period in the prior year. 
    
  Depreciation and amortization     was comparable to the same period in the prior year. 
    
  Interest expense, net     decreased due to higher interest income driven by the proceeds from the noncontrolling interest sale in April 2016. 
    
  Other (expense) income, net   was comparable to the same period in the prior year. 
    
  Income tax (expense) benefit  :    The effective tax rate was comparable to the same period in the prior year. 

67 

Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest  :   Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest increased by $3.8 million as a result of the noncontrolling interest sale in April 2016.    
    
  Results of Operations for Power Generation for the   Nine   Months Ended   September 30, 2016   Compared to the   Nine   Months Ended   September 30, 2015  :    Net income available for common stock for the Power Generation segment was   $20 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to Net income available for common stock of   $25 million   for the same period in   2015   as a result of: 
    
  Revenue   was comparable to the same prior year reflecting an increase in PPA pricing and an increase in MWh sold, offset by a decrease in contracted revenue driven by the Wygen I plant outage in the second quarter of 2016. 
    
  Operations and maintenance   was comparable to the same period in the prior year reflecting higher maintenance fees driven by current year outages, partially offset by lower outside services. 
    
  Depreciation and amortization   was comparable to the same period in the prior year. 
    
  Interest expense, net     decreased due to higher interest income driven by the proceeds from the noncontrolling interest sale in April 2016. 
    
  Other (expense) income, net   was comparable to the same period in the prior year. 
    
  Income tax (expense) benefit  : The effective tax rate is lower than the same period in the prior year due to the effect of the current period noncontrolling interest.  Black Hills Colorado IPP went from a single member LLC, wholly owned by Black Hills Electric Generations, to a partnership as a result of the sale of 49.9 % of its membership interest in April 2016. 
    
  Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest  :  Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest increased by $6.4 million as a result of the noncontrolling interest sale in April 2016.  

Mining 

68 

The following table provides certain operating statistics for our Mining segment (in thousands, except for Revenue per ton): 

____________ 
           (a) 
    Increase is driven by mining in areas with more overburden than in the prior year. 
       
  Results of Operations for Mining for the Three Months Ended   September 30, 2016   Compared to the Three Months Ended   September 30, 2015  :    Net income available for common stock for the Mining segment was   $3.3 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to Net income available for common stock of   $3.0 million   for the same period in   2015   as a result of: 
    
  Revenue   was comparable to the same period in the prior year reflecting   a   6%     increase     in tons sold, partially offset by a   7%     decrease   in price per ton sold. The decrease in price per ton sold was driven by contract price adjustments based on actual mining costs.  During the current period, approximately   47%   of the mine s production was sold under contracts that include price adjustments based on actual mining costs, including income taxes, compared to approximately 45 percent in the same period of the prior year. 
    
  Operations and maintenance     decreased     primarily due to lower major maintenance requirements. 
    
  Depreciation, depletion and amortization   was comparable to the same period in the prior year. 
    
  Interest (expense) income, net   was comparable to the same period in the prior year. 
    
  Other income, net   was comparable to the same period in the prior year. 
    
  Income tax benefit (expense)  :    The effective tax rate was comparable to the same period in the prior year. 
    
  Results of Operations for Mining for the   Nine   Months Ended   September 30, 2016   Compared to the   Nine   Months Ended   September 30, 2015  :    Net income available for common stock for the Mining segment was   $7.0 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to Net income available for common stock of   $9.1 million   for the same period in   2015   as a result of: 
    
  Revenue     decreased   primarily due to a 13% decrease in tons sold due to a planned five-week outage in the second quarter of 2016, which was extended by an additional six weeks at the Wyodak plant due to an unplanned major repair of a turbine rotor, as well as lower sales to other generating plants, partially offset by a 2% increase in price per ton sold.  The increase in price per ton sold was driven by contract price adjustments based on actual mining costs.  Approximately 50% of the mine's production is sold under contracts that include price adjustments based on actual mining costs, including income taxes. 
    
  Operations and maintenance     decreased   primarily due lower royalties and production taxes on reduced revenues, lower fuel costs and lower employee costs, partially offset by mining in areas with higher overburden. 
    
  Depreciation, depletion and amortization   was comparable to the same period in the prior year. 
    
  Interest (expense) income, net   was comparable to the same period in the prior year. 
    
  Other income, net   was comparable to the same period in the prior year. 
    
  Income tax benefit (expense)  :  The effective tax rate was lower than the same period in the prior year due to the impact of the tax benefit of percentage depletion. 

69 

Oil and Gas 

The following tables provide certain operating statistics for our Oil and Gas segment: 

__________ 
           (a) 
    Net of hedge settlement gains and losses. 

70 

The following is a summary of certain average operating expenses per Mcfe: 

__________ 
           (a) 
    These costs include both third-party costs and operations costs. 
       
  In the Piceance and San Juan Basins, our natural gas is transported through our own and third-party gathering systems and pipelines, for which we incur processing, gathering, compression and transportation fees.  The sales price for natural gas, condensate and NGLs is reduced for these third-party costs, while the cost of operating our own gathering systems is included in operations and maintenance.  The gathering, compression, processing and transportation costs shown in the tables above include amounts paid to third parties, as well as costs incurred in operations associated with our own gas gathering, compression, processing and transportation. 
    
  We have a ten-year gas gathering and processing contract for our natural gas production in the Piceance Basin which became effective in March of 2014.  This take-or-pay contract requires us to pay a fee on a minimum of 20,000 Mcf per day, regardless of the volume delivered.  We did not meet the minimum requirements of this contract until mid-February 2015.  Our gathering, compression and processing costs on a per Mcfe basis, as shown in the table above, will be higher in periods when we are not meeting the minimum contract requirements. 
    
  Results of Operations for Oil and Gas for the Three Months Ended   September 30, 2016   Compared to the Three Months Ended   September 30, 2015  :    Net loss available for common stock for the Oil and Gas segment was   $8.8 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to Net loss available for common stock of   $40 million   for the same period in   2015   as a result of: 
    
  Revenue     decreased     primarily due to the decrease in our net commodity hedge position for both crude oil and natural gas, resulting in a     3%     decrease in the average hedged price received for crude oil sold,     and a     4%     decrease in the average hedged price received for natural gas sold.      Production increased by     5%  .    Production was limited in the current period to meet minimum daily quantity contractual gas processing commitments in the Piceance. The increase over the prior year is due to higher processing plant availability when compared to the same period in the prior year. 

71 

Operations and maintenance     decreased primarily due to lower employee costs as a result of the reduction in staffing in the prior year, and lower production taxes and ad valorem taxes on lower revenue. 
    
  Depreciation, depletion and amortization     decreased   primarily due to the reduction in our full cost pool resulting from the impact of the ceiling test impairments incurred in the current and prior years, partially offset by the depletion rate applied to greater production. 
    
  Impairment of long-lived assets   represents non-cash   write-downs in the value of our natural gas and crude oil properties driven by low natural gas and crude oil prices.      The ceiling test write-down of $12 million in the third quarter of 2016 used an average NYMEX natural gas price of     $2.28     per Mcf, adjusted to     $1.03     per Mcf at the wellhead, and     $41.68     per barrel for crude oil, adjusted to     $35.88     per barrel at the wellhead, compared to the     $62 million     ceiling test write-down in the same period of the prior year which used an average NYMEX natural gas price of     $3.06     per Mcf, adjusted to     $1.72     per Mcf at the wellhead, and     $59.21     per barrel for crude oil, adjusted to     $52.82     per barrel at the wellhead. 
    
  Interest income (expense), net     increased primarily due to higher interest expense driven by an increase in intercompany notes payable. 
    
  Other income (expense), net   was comparable to the same period in the prior year. 
    
  Income tax (expense) benefit  :    Each period represents a tax benefit.  The effective tax rate was comparable for the same period in the prior year. 
    
  Results of Operations for Oil and Gas for the   Nine   Months Ended   September 30, 2016   Compared to the   Nine   Months Ended   September 30, 2015  :    Net loss available for common stock for the Oil and Gas segment was   $35.3 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to Net loss available for common stock of   $130 million   for the same period in   2015   as a result of: 
    
  Revenue     decreased   primarily due to lower commodity prices for both crude oil and natural gas, resulting in a   14%   decrease in the average hedged price received for crude oil sold, and a   32%   decrease in the average hedged price received for natural gas sold.  Production was comparable to the same period in the prior year.  
    
  Operations and maintenance     decreased primarily due to lower employee costs as a result of the reduction in staffing in the prior year, and lower production taxes and ad valorem taxes on lower revenue. 
    
  Depreciation, depletion and amortization     decreased   primarily due to the reduction in our full cost pool resulting from the impact of the ceiling test impairments incurred in the current and prior years. 
    
  Impairment of long-lived assets   represents non-cash write-downs in the value of our natural gas and crude oil properties driven by low natural gas and crude oil prices and our decision to divest non-core oil and gas assets.  The current write-down of   $52 million   included a $14 million write-down of depreciable properties excluded from our full-cost pool and a ceiling test write-down of $38 million.  The ceiling test write-down for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 used an average NYMEX natural gas price of   $2.28     per Mcf, adjusted to     $1.03     per Mcf at the wellhead, and     $41.68     per barrel for crude oil, adjusted to     $35.88     per barrel at the wellhead, compared to the     $178 million     ceiling test write-down in the same period of the prior year which used an average NYMEX natural gas price of     $3.06     per Mcf, adjusted to     $1.72     per Mcf at the wellhead, and     $59.21     per barrel for crude oil, adjusted to     $52.82     per barrel at the wellhead. 
    
  Interest income (expense), net     increased   primarily due to higher interest expense driven by an increase in intercompany notes payable. 
    
  Other income (expense), net   was comparable to the same period in the prior year. 
    
  Impairment of equity investments   represents a prior year $5.2 million non-cash write-down in equity investments related to interests in a pipeline and gathering system.  The impairment resulted from continued declining performance, market conditions and a change in view of the economics of the facilities that we considered to be other than temporary. 
    
  Income tax (expense) benefit  :  Each period presented reflects a tax benefit.  The effective tax rate for 2016 was impacted by a benefit of approximately $5.8 million from additional percentage depletion deductions being claimed with respect to a change in estimate for tax purposes.  Such deductions are primarily the result of a change in the application of the maximum daily limitation of 1,000 Bbls of oil equivalent allowed under the Internal Revenue Code. 
  
    72 

73 

Corporate Activity 
    
  Results of Operations for Corporate activities for the Three Months Ended   September 30, 2016   Compared to the Three Months Ended   September 30, 2015  :    Net loss available for common stock for Corporate was   $7.2 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to Net loss available for common stock of   $5.6 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  .  The variance from the prior year was due to higher corporate expenses, primarily driven by higher costs related to the SourceGas acquisition, including approximately   $4.0 million   of after-tax acquisition and transition costs, compared to   $2.8 million   of after-tax acquisition and transition costs in the same period of the prior year, and approximately   $1.7 million   of after-tax internal labor that otherwise would have been charged to other business segments during the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to   $1.2 million   after-tax internal labor that otherwise would have been charged to other business segments in the same period of the prior year. 
    
  Results of Operations for Corporate activities for the   Nine   Months Ended   September 30, 2016   Compared to the   Nine   Months Ended   September 30, 2015  :    Net loss available for common stock for Corporate was   $29 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to Net loss available for common stock of   $7.0 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  .  The variance from the prior year was due to higher corporate expenses, primarily driven by costs related to the SourceGas acquisition including approximately   $24 million   of after-tax acquisition and transition costs compared to   $3.0 million   of after-tax acquisition and transition costs in the same period of the prior year, and approximately   $7.4 million   of after-tax internal labor that otherwise would have been charged to other business segments during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to   $1.8 million   of after-tax internal labor that otherwise would have been charged to other business segments in the same period of the prior year.  These costs were partially offset by a tax benefit of approximately $4.4 million recognized during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as a result of an agreement reached with IRS Appeals relating to the release of the reserve for after-tax interest expense previously accrued with respect to the liability for uncertain tax positions involving a like-kind-exchange transaction from 2008. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 
    
  Except for the additional disclosure below and in Note 1 of Item 1 on this Form 10-Q, there have been no material changes in our critical accounting estimates from those reported in our   2015   Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC.  For more information on our critical accounting estimates, see Part II, Item 7 of our   2015   Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
    
  Business Combinations 
    
  We record acquisitions in accordance with ASC 805,   Business Combinations,   with identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed recorded at their estimated fair values on the acquisition date.  The excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair values of the net tangible and net intangible assets acquired is recorded as goodwill.  The application of ASC 805,   Business Combinations   requires management to make significant estimates and assumptions in the determination of the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in order to properly allocate purchase price consideration between goodwill and assets that are depreciated and amortized.  Our estimates are based on historical experience, information obtained from the management of the acquired companies and, when appropriate, include assistance from independent third-party appraisal firms.  These estimates are inherently uncertain and unpredictable.  In addition, unanticipated events or circumstances may occur which may affect the accuracy or validity of such estimates. 

74 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
    
  OVERVIEW 
    
  Our Company requires significant cash to support and grow our business.  Our predominant source of cash is supplied by our operations and supplemented with corporate financings.  This cash is used for, among other things, working capital, capital expenditures, dividends, pension funding, investments in or acquisitions of assets and businesses, payment of debt obligations, and redemption of outstanding debt and equity securities when required or financially appropriate. 
    
  The most significant uses of cash are our capital expenditures, the purchase of natural gas for our Gas Utilities and our Power Generation segment, as well as the payment of dividends to our shareholders.  We experience significant cash requirements during peak months of the winter heating season due to higher natural gas consumption and during periods of high natural gas prices. 
    
  We believe that our cash on hand, operating cash flows, existing borrowing capacity and ability to complete new debt and equity financings, taken in their entirety, provide sufficient capital resources to fund our ongoing operating requirements, debt maturities, anticipated dividends, and anticipated capital expenditures discussed in this section.  
    
  Significant Factors Affecting Liquidity 
    
  Although we believe we have sufficient resources to fund our cash requirements, there are many factors with the potential to influence our cash flow position, including seasonality, commodity prices, significant capital projects and acquisitions, requirements imposed by state and federal agencies, and economic market conditions.  We have implemented risk mitigation programs, where possible, to stabilize cash flow; however, the potential for unforeseen events affecting cash needs will continue to exist. 
    
  Our Utilities maintain wholesale commodity contracts for the purchases and sales of electricity and natural gas which have performance assurance provisions that allow the counterparty to require collateral postings under certain conditions, including when requested on a reasonable basis due to a deterioration in our financial condition or nonperformance.  A significant downgrade in our credit ratings, such as a downgrade to a level below investment grade, could result in counterparties requiring collateral postings under such adequate assurance provisions.  The amount of credit support that we may be required to provide at any point in the future is dependent on the amount of the initial transaction, changes in the market price, open positions and the amounts owed by or to the counterparty. 
    
  We also maintain interest rate swap transactions under which we could be required to post collateral on the value of such swaps in the event of an adverse change in our financial condition, including a credit downgrade to below investment-grade. 
    
  At   September 30, 2016  , we had $3.6 million of collateral posted related to our wholesale commodity contracts transactions, and no collateral posted related to our interest rate swaps.  At   September 30, 2016  , we had sufficient liquidity to cover any additional collateral that could be required to be posted under these contracts. 

75 

Cash Flow Activities 
    
  The following table summarizes our cash flows for the   nine months ended September 30   (in thousands): 

Year-to-Date   2016   Compared to Year-to-Date   2015 
    
  Operating Activities 
    
  Net cash   provided by   operating activities was   $225 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , compared to net cash provided by operating activities of   $366 million   for the same period in   2015   for a variance of   $141 million  .  The variance was primarily attributable to: 

Cash earnings (net income plus non-cash adjustments) were   $24 million   higher for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the same period in the prior year; 

Net cash   outflows   from operating assets and liabilities were   $34 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , compared to net cash inflows of   $98 million   in the same period in the prior year.  This   $132 million   variance was primarily due to: 

Cash inflows decreased by approximately $5.8 million for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the same period in the prior year primarily as a result of changes in accounts receivable and materials and supplies; 

Cash inflows decreased by approximately $30 million primarily as a result of changes in our current regulatory assets and liabilities driven by differences in fuel cost adjustments and commodity price impacts on working capital compared to the same period in the prior year;  

Cash outflows increased by approximately $107 million as a result of changes in accounts payable and accrued liabilities driven primarily by working capital requirements primarily related to acquisition and transition costs and the change in liability with respect to uncertain tax positions for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  ;  

Cash outflows increased by approximately $29 million as a result of interest rate settlements; and 

Cash outflows increased by $4.0 million due to pension contributions. 
       
  Investing Activities 
    
  Net cash   used in   investing activities was   $1.459 billion   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , compared to net cash   used in   investing activities of   $357 million   for the same period in   2015  .  The variance was primarily driven by: 

Cash outflows of $1.124 billion for the acquisition of SourceGas, net of $11 million cash received from a working capital adjustment and $760 million of long term debt assumed (see Note 2 in Item 1 of Part I of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q); and 

Capital expenditures of approximately   $334 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   $349 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  .  The decrease is primarily due to higher prior year capital expenditures at our Oil and Gas segment due to drilling and completion activity in the Piceance basin, partially offset by higher current year capital expenditures at our Electric and Gas Utilities. 
     
    76 

Financing Activities 
    
  Net cash   provided by   financing activities for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   was   $841 million  , compared to   $8 million   of net cash   provided by   financing activities for the same period in   2015  .  The variance was primarily driven by: 

Proceeds of $216 million from the sale of a 49.9% noncontrolling interest of Black Hills Colorado IPP (see Note 11 in Item 1 of Part I of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q); 

Long-term borrowings increased by $1.5 billion due to the $693 million of net proceeds from our August 19, 2016 public debt offering used to refinance the debt assumed in the SourceGas Acquisition, the $500 million of proceeds from our new term loan on August 9, 2016 used to pay off existing debt, the $546 million of net proceeds from our January 13, 2016 public debt offering used to partially finance the SourceGas Acquisition, and proceeds from a $29 million term loan used to fund the early settlement of a gas gathering contract, compared to proceeds of $300 million from long-term borrowings from a term loan in the prior year; 

Payments on long term borrowings increased by $888 million due to payments made in the current year to refinance the $760 million of long-term debt assumed in the SourceGas Acquisition and $403 million of current year payments made on term loans compared to the payment of $275 million made as part of a term-loan refinancing in the prior year; 

Proceeds of approximately $107 million primarily from issuing common stock under our ATM equity offering program; 

Net short-term borrowings under the revolving credit facility for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   were $45 million lower than the prior year primarily due to using proceeds of our ATM equity offering program to partially fund working capital requirements in the current year; 

Increased dividend payments of approximately $11 million;  

Distributions to noncontrolling interests of $4.5 million; and 

Increased payments for other financings activities of approximately $8.7 million driven primarily by the August 2016 debt refinancings.  

Dividends 
    
  Dividends paid on our common stock totaled   $65 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , or $1.26 per share.  On October 25, 2016, our board of directors declared a quarterly dividend of $0.42 per share payable December 1, 2016, which is equivalent to an annual dividend rate of $1.68 per share.  The determination of the amount of future cash dividends, if any, to be declared and paid will depend upon, among other things, our financial condition, funds from operations, the level of our capital expenditures, restrictions under our Revolving Credit Facility and our future business prospects. 

77 

Debt 
    
  Financing Transactions and Short-Term Liquidity 
    
  Our principal sources to meet day-to-day operating cash requirements are cash from operations and our corporate Revolving Credit Facility. 
    
  Revolving Credit Facility 
    
  On August 9, 2016, we amended and restated our corporate Revolving Credit Facility to increase total commitments to $750 million from $500 million and extended the term through   August 9, 2021   with two one-year extension options.  This facility is similar to the former agreement, which includes an accordion feature that allows us, with the consent of the administrative agent and issuing agents, to increase total commitments of the facility to up to   $1 billion  .  Borrowings continue to be available under a base rate or various Eurodollar rate options.  The interest costs associated with the letters of credit or borrowings and the commitment fee under the Revolving Credit Facility are determined based upon our most favorable Corporate credit rating from S P or Moody s for our unsecured debt.  Based on our credit ratings, the margins for base rate borrowings, Eurodollar borrowings, and letters of credit were   0.125%  ,   1.125%  , and   1.125%  , respectively, at   September 30, 2016  .  A   0.175%   commitment fee is charged on the unused amount of the Revolving Credit Facility. 
    
  Our Revolving Credit Facility had the following borrowings, outstanding letters of credit, and available capacity (in millions): 

The Revolving Credit Facility contains customary affirmative and negative covenants, such as limitations on certain liens, restrictions on certain transactions, and maintenance of a certain Consolidated Indebtedness to Capitalization Ratio.  Under the Revolving Credit Facility, our Consolidated Indebtedness to Capitalization Ratio is calculated by dividing (i) Consolidated Indebtedness, which includes letters of credit and certain guarantees issued by (ii) Capital, which includes Consolidated Indebtedness plus Net Worth, which excludes noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries.  Subject to applicable cure periods, a violation of any of these covenants would constitute an event of default that entitles the lenders to terminate their remaining commitments and accelerate all principal and interest outstanding.  We were in compliance with these covenants as of   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  The Revolving Credit Facility prohibits us from paying cash dividends if a default or an event of default exists prior to, or would result after, paying a dividend.  Although these contractual restrictions exist, we do not anticipate triggering any default measures or restrictions. 
    
  Hedges and Derivatives 
    
  Interest Rate Swaps 
    
  We have entered into pay fixed interest rate swap agreements to reduce our exposure to interest rate fluctuations.  We have   $75 million   notional amount pay fixed interest rate swaps with a maximum remaining term of approximately   0.3   years.  These swaps have been designated as cash flow hedges for advances under the Revolving Credit Facility, and accordingly their mark-to-market adjustments are recorded in Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) on the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets.  The mark-to-market value of these swaps was a liability of   $0.7 million   at   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  Financing Activities 
    
  On August 19, 2016, we completed a public debt offering of $700 million principal amount of senior unsecured notes.  The debt offering consisted of   $400 million   of   3.15%   10-year senior notes due   January 15, 2027   and   $300 million   of   4.20%   30-year senior notes due   September 15, 2046  .  Proceeds were used to repay the debt assumed in SourceGas Acquisition which included $95 million senior unsecured notes, $325 million senior unsecured notes and the remaining $100 million of the former $340 million term loan. Additionally, the proceeds were used to pay down $100 million on the term loan issued August 9, 2016 discussed below, and for other corporate uses. 

78 

On August 9, 2016, we entered into a   $500 million  ,   three  -year, unsecured term loan expiring on August 9, 2019.  The proceeds of this term loan were used to pay down   $240 million   of the   $340 million   unsecured term loan assumed in the SourceGas Acquisition and the   $260 million   term loan expiring on   April 12, 2017  . 
    
  On August 9, 2016, we amended and restated our corporate Revolving Credit Facility to increase total commitments to $750 million from $500 million and extended the term through   August 9, 2021   with two one-year extension options.  This facility is similar to the former agreement, which included an accordion feature that allows us, with the consent of the administrative agent and issuing agents, to increase total commitments of the facility to up to   $1 billion  .  Borrowings continue to be available under a base rate or various Eurodollar rate options. 
    
  On June 7, 2016, we entered into a   2.32%  ,   $28.7 million   term loan, due June 7, 2021.  Proceeds from this term loan were used to finance the regulatory asset related to the early termination of a gas supply contract (see Note 2 in Item 1 of Part I of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q).  Principal and interest are payable quarterly at approximately   $1.6 million  , the first of which was paid on June 30, 2016. 
    
  On April 14, 2016, Black Hills Electric Generation sold a 49.9%, noncontrolling interest in Black Hills Colorado IPP for approximately $216 million.  FERC approval of the sale was received on March 29, 2016.  We used the proceeds from this sale to pay down borrowings on our revolving credit facility.  This sale resulted in an increase to stockholders  equity of approximately $62 million as this sale of a portion of the business that is still controlled is accounted for as an equity transaction and no gain or loss on such sale is recorded. 
    
  On March 18, 2016, we implemented an ATM equity offering program allowing us to sell shares of our common stock with an aggregate value of up to     $200 million  .  The shares may be offered from time to time pursuant to a sales agreement dated March 18, 2016.  Shares of common stock are offered pursuant to our shelf registration statement filed with the SEC.  During the three months ended September 30, 2016, we issued   819,442     common shares for     $49 million  ,   net of     $0.5 million     in commissions under the ATM equity offering program.  Through September 30, 2016, we have sold and issued an aggregate of     1,750,091     shares of common stock under the ATM equity offering program for     $106 million  ,   net of     $1.1 million     in commissions.  Additionally,   38,781     shares for net proceeds of     $2.4 million     have been sold, but were not settled and are not considered issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2016.    Proceeds from the ATM equity offering program were used to fund capital expenditures and for general corporate purposes. 
    
  We completed the following debt and equity transactions in placing permanent financing for the SourceGas Acquisition: 

On November 23, 2015, we completed offerings of common stock and equity units.  We issued 6.325 million shares of common stock for net proceeds of $246 million and 5.98 million equity units for net proceeds of $290 million.  Each equity unit has a stated amount of $50 and consists of (i) a contract to purchase Company common stock and (ii) a 1/20, or 5%, undivided beneficial ownership interest in $1,000 principal amount of remarketable junior subordinated notes due 2028.  Pursuant to the purchase contracts, holders are required to purchase Company common stock no later than November 1, 2018. 
       
  Our $1.17 billion bridge commitment signed on July 12, 2015 was reduced to $88 million on January 13, 2016, with respect to reductions from our equity and debt offerings.  The remaining commitment terminated on February 12, 2016, as part of the closing of the SourceGas Acquisition. 
    
  We assumed the following tranches of debt through the SourceGas Acquisition on February 12, 2016; all of which were refinanced in August of 2016 as outlined above: 

79 

On January 20, 2016, we executed a 10-year, $150 million notional forward starting pay fixed interest rate swap at an all-in rate of 2.09%, and on October 2, 2015, we executed a 10-year, $250 million notional forward starting pay fixed interest rate swap at an all-in rate of 2.29% to hedge the risks of interest rate movement between the hedge dates and the pricing date for long-term debt refinancings occurring in August 2016.  On August 19, 2016, we settled these interest rates swaps for a loss of $29 million.  The loss in AOCI is being amortized over a 10 year period. 
    
  Future Financing Plans 
    
  We anticipate the following financing activities: 

Continuing our ATM equity offering program; and 

Implementing a commercial paper program. 
       
  Dividend Restrictions 
    
  As a utility holding company which owns several regulated utilities, we are subject to various regulations that could influence our liquidity.  Our utilities in Arkansas, Colorado, Iowa, Kansas, Nebraska and Wyoming have regulatory agreements in which they cannot pay dividends if they have issued debt to third parties and the payment of a dividend would reduce their equity ratio to below 40% of their total capitalization; and neither Black Hills Utility Holdings nor its subsidiaries can extend credit to the Company except in the ordinary course of business and upon reasonable terms consistent with market terms.  The use of our utility assets as collateral generally requires the prior approval of the state regulators in the state in which the utility assets are located.  Additionally, our utility subsidiaries may generally be limited to the amount of dividends allowed by state regulatory authorities to be paid to us as a utility holding company and also may have further restrictions under the Federal Power Act.  As a result of our holding company structure, our right as a common shareholder to receive assets of any of our direct or indirect subsidiaries upon a subsidiary s liquidation or reorganization is junior to the claims against the assets of such subsidiaries by their creditors.  Therefore, our holding company debt obligations are effectively subordinated to all existing and future claims of the creditors of our subsidiaries, including trade creditors, debt holders, secured creditors, taxing authorities, and guarantee holders.  As of   September 30, 2016  , the restricted net assets at our Electric Utilities and Gas Utilities were approximately   $257 million  . 
  Our credit facilities and other debt obligations contain restrictions on the payment of cash dividends upon a default or event of default.  An event of default would be deemed to have occurred if we did not meet certain financial covenants.  The only financial covenant under our Revolving Credit Facility and existing term loans is a Consolidated Indebtedness to Capitalization Ratio, which requires us to maintain a Consolidated Indebtedness to Capitalization Ratio not to exceed 0.70 to 1.00 at the end of the fiscal quarters ending in September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2016 and not to exceed 0.65 to 1.00 at the end of any fiscal quarter thereafter.  Additionally, covenants within Cheyenne Light s financing agreements require Cheyenne Light to maintain a debt to capitalization ratio of no more than 0.60 to 1.00.  As of   September 30, 2016  , we were in compliance with these covenants. 
    
  There have been no other material changes in our financing transactions and short-term liquidity from those reported in Item 7 of our   2015   Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC. 
    
  Credit Ratings 
    
  Financing for operational needs and capital expenditure requirements not satisfied by operating cash flows depends upon the cost and availability of external funds through both short and long-term financing.  The inability to raise capital on favorable terms could negatively affect our ability to maintain or expand our businesses.  Access to funds is dependent upon factors such as general economic and capital market conditions, regulatory authorizations and policies, the Company s credit ratings, cash flows from routine operations and the credit ratings of counterparties.  After assessing the current operating performance, liquidity and the credit ratings of the Company, management believes that the Company will have access to the capital markets at prevailing market rates for companies with comparable credit ratings.  BHC notes that credit ratings are not recommendations to buy, sell, or hold securities and may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.  Each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating. 
  
    80 

The following table represents the credit ratings and outlook and risk profile of BHC at   September 30, 2016  : 
                   Rating Agency 
    Senior Unsecured Rating 
    Outlook 
      S P    (a)  
    BBB 
    Stable 
      Moody s    (b)  
    Baa1 
    Negative 
      Fitch    (c)  
      BBB+ 
    Negative 

__________ 
           (a) 
    On February 12, 2016, S P affirmed BBB rating and maintained a Stable outlook following the closing of the SourceGas Acquisition, reflecting their expectation that management will continue to focus on the core utility operations while maintaining an excellent business risk profile following the acquisition. 
              (b) 
    On February 12, 2016, Moody s affirmed Baa1 rating and maintained a Negative outlook following the closing of the SourceGas Acquisition.  Moody s has maintained a negative outlook as BHC focuses on integrating the newly acquired SourceGas assets over 12 months following the acquisition, closing the 49.9% minority interest sale of Colorado IPP and implementing and utilizing an at-the-market (ATM) equity offering program.  In addition, the negative outlook reflects overall weaker consolidated metrics when compared to historical ranges. 
              (c) 
    On February 12, 2016, Fitch affirmed BBB+ rating and maintained a Negative outlook following the closing of the SourceGas Acquisition, which reflects the initial increased leverage associated with the SourceGas acquisition. 
       
  The following table represents the credit ratings of Black Hills Power at   September 30, 2016  : 
    
                 Rating Agency 
    Senior Secured Rating 
      S P  
    A- 
      Moody s  
    A1 
      Fitch 
    A 

There were no rating changes for Black Hills Power from previously disclosed ratings. 

81 

Capital Requirements 
    
  Acquisition of SourceGas 
    
  The acquisition of SourceGas was primarily financed with net proceeds of approximately $536 million from the November 23, 2015 issuance of 6.3 million shares of our common stock and 5.98 million equity units, and $546 million in net proceeds from our debt offerings on January 12, 2016.  We funded the cash consideration and out-of-pocket expenses payable with the SourceGas Acquisition using the proceeds listed above, cash on hand, and draws under our revolving credit facility. 
    
  Capital Expenditures 
    
  Actual and forecasted capital requirements are as follows (in thousands): 

__________ 
  (a)    Expenditures for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   include the impact of accruals for property, plant and equipment. 
  (b)    Includes actual capital expenditures for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  . 
           (c) 
    2016 forecasted capital expenditures for the electric utilities include approximately $97 million for the Peak View Wind Project and the remaining $29 million for Colorado Electric s 40 MW natural gas fired generating unit. 
       
  We have removed planned Cost of Service Gas capital expenditures from this forecast due to uncertainties related to the timing of regulatory approvals and other information associated with those approvals, such as the quantity of gas to be provided from a cost of service gas program and whether such gas will be provided from producing reserve purchases or ongoing drilling programs, or both. 
    
  We continue to evaluate potential future acquisitions and other growth opportunities when they arise.  As a result, capital expenditures may vary significantly from the estimates identified above. 

82 

Contractual Obligations 
    
  In addition to our capital expenditure programs, we have contractual obligations and other commitments that will need to be funded in the future.  The following information summarizes our cash obligations and commercial commitments at   September 30, 2016  .  The table below has been updated to reflect the additional long-term debt and other commitments and contractual obligations assumed through the acquisition of SourceGas, as well as the agreement in principle reached with IRS Appeals relating to the re-measurement of uncertain tax positions relating to the 2008 IPP Transaction and the Aquila Transaction.  Actual future obligations may differ materially from these estimated amounts (in thousands): 

__________ 
           (a) 
    Long-term debt amounts do not include discounts or premiums on debt. 
               (c) 
    Unconditional purchase obligations include the energy and capacity costs associated with our PPAs, capacity and certain transmission, gas transportation and storage agreements, and gathering commitments for our Oil and Gas segment.  The energy charge under the PPAs are variable costs, which for purposes of estimating our future obligations, were based on costs incurred during 2016 and price assumptions using existing prices at   September 30, 2016  .  Our transmission obligations are based on filed tariffs as of   December 31, 2015  .  The gathering commitments for our Oil and Gas segment are described in Part I, Delivery Commitments, of our 2015 Annual Report filed on Form 10-K. 
              (d) 
    Includes operating leases associated with several office buildings, warehouses and call centers, equipment and vehicles. 
              (e) 
    Includes estimated asset retirement obligations associated with our Electric Utilities, Gas Utilities, Mining and Oil and Gas segments as discussed in Note 8 on this Form 10-Q and Note 8 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in our 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
              (f) 
    Represents both estimated employer contributions to Defined Benefit Pension Plans and payments to employees for the Non-Pension Defined Benefit Postretirement Healthcare Plans and the Supplemental Non-Qualified Defined Benefit Plans through the year 2024. 
              (g) 
    Less than 1 Year includes a reversal of approximately   $26 million   associated with the gain deferred from the tax treatment related to the IPP Transaction and the Aquila Transaction.  Such reversal is the result of an agreement that was reached with IRS Appeals during the first quarter of 2016.  See Note   21   for additional details. 
              (h) 
    Amounts in the table exclude:  (1) any obligation that may arise from our derivatives, including interest rate swaps and commodity related contracts that have a negative fair value at   September 30, 2016  .  These amounts have been excluded as it is impractical to reasonably estimate the final amount and/or timing of any associated payments; and (2) a portion of our gas purchases are hedged.  These hedges are in place to reduce our customers' underlying exposure to commodity price fluctuations.  The impact of these hedges is not included in the above table. 
       
  Our Utilities have commitments to purchase physical quantities of natural gas under contracts indexed to various forward natural gas price curves.  A portion of our gas purchases are purchased under evergreen contracts and therefore, for purposes of this disclosure, are carried out for 60 days.      As of   September 30, 2016  , we are committed to purchase 5.5 Bcf, 24.2 Bcf, 1.2 Bcf and 0.7 Bcf in 2016, 2017, 2018, and 2019, respectively. 

83 

Guarantees 
    
  Other than those disclosed in Note   19   of the Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements on Form 10-Q, there have been no significant changes to guarantees from those previously disclosed in Note 20 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in our   2015   Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

New Accounting Pronouncements 
    
  Other than the pronouncements reported in our   2015   Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC and those discussed in Note   1   of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, there have been no new accounting pronouncements that are expected to have a material effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 

FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION 
    
  This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements as defined by the SEC.  Forward-looking statements are all statements other than statements of historical fact, including without limitation those statements that are identified by the words  anticipates,   estimates,   expects,   intends,   plans,   predicts  and similar expressions, and include statements concerning plans, objectives, goals, strategies, future events or performance, and underlying assumptions and other statements that are other than statements of historical facts.  From time to time, the Company may publish or otherwise make available forward-looking statements of this nature, including statements contained within Item 2 - Management s Discussion   Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
    
  Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those expressed.  The Company s expectations, beliefs and projections are expressed in good faith and are believed by the Company to have a reasonable basis, including without limitation, management s examination of historical operating trends, data contained in the Company s records and other data available from third parties.  Nonetheless, the Company s expectations, beliefs or projections may not be achieved or accomplished. 
    
  Any forward-looking statement contained in this document speaks only as of the date on which the statement was made, and the Company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement or statements to reflect events or circumstances that occur after the date on which the statement was made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.  New factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for management to predict all of the factors, nor can it assess the effect of each factor on the Company s business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement.  All forward-looking statements, whether written or oral and whether made by or on behalf of the Company, are expressly qualified by the risk factors and cautionary statements described in our   2015   Annual Report on Form 10-K including statements contained within Item 1A - Risk Factors of our   2015   Annual Report on Form 10-K, Part II, Item 1A of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and other reports that we file with the SEC from time to time. 

ITEM 3. 
    QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Utilities 
    
  Our utility customers are exposed to natural gas price volatility.  Therefore, as allowed or required by state utility commissions, we have entered into commission-approved hedging programs utilizing natural gas futures, options and basis swaps to reduce our customers  underlying exposure to these fluctuations.  The fair value of our Utilities Group s derivative contracts is summarized below (in thousands) as of: 

84 

Oil and Gas Activities 
    
  We have entered into agreements to hedge a portion of our estimated   2016   and   2017   natural gas and crude oil production from the Oil and Gas segment.  The hedge agreements in place at   September 30, 2016  , were as follows: 
    
  Natural Gas 

Crude Oil 

The fair value of our Oil and Gas segment s derivative contracts is summarized below (in thousands) as of: 

85 

Financing Activities 
    
  We engage in activities to manage risks associated with changes in interest rates.  We have entered into floating-to-fixed interest rate swap agreements to reduce our exposure to interest rate fluctuations associated with our floating rate debt obligations and anticipated long-term refinancings.  Further details of the swap agreements are set forth in Note 9 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in our   2015   Annual Report on Form 10-K and in Note   13   of the Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
    
  The contract or notional amounts, terms of our interest rate swaps and the interest rate swaps balances reflected on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets were as follows (dollars in thousands) as of: 

__________ 
           (a) 
    These swaps were settled and terminated in August 2016 in conjunction with the refinancing of acquired SourceGas debt. 
              (b) 
    These swaps are designated to borrowings on our Revolving Credit Facility and are priced using three-month LIBOR, matching the floating portion of the related borrowings. 
       
  Based on   September 30, 2016     market interest rates and balances related to our interest rate swaps, a loss of approximately     $3.4 million     would be realized, reported in pre-tax earnings and reclassified from AOCI during the next 12 months.       Estimated and actual realized gains or losses will change during future periods as market interest rates change. 

ITEM 4.        CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
    
  Our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) as of   September 30, 2016  .  Based on their evaluation, they have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Security Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commission s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
    
  Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
    
  During the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  , there have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal control over financial reporting. 
    
  On February 12, 2016, our acquisition of SourceGas closed.  We are currently in the process of integrating and aligning the operations, processes, and internal controls of the combined company.  See Note   2   for more information regarding the acquisition.  As permitted by the guidance set forth by the Securities and Exchange Commission, the acquired businesses will not be included in management s assessment of internal control over financial reporting for the year ending December 31, 2016. 

86 

BLACK HILLS CORPORATION 
    
  Part II   Other Information 

ITEM 1. 
    Legal Proceedings 
       
  For information regarding legal proceedings, see Note 19 in Item 8 of our   2015   Annual Report on Form 10-K and Note   19   in Item 1 of Part I of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, which information from Note   19   is incorporated by reference into this item. 

ITEM 1A. 
    Risk Factors 
       
  Other than as set forth below, there are no material changes to the risk factors previously disclosed in Item 1A of Part I in our   2015   Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC. 
    
  Oil and Gas 
    
  Our inability to successfully include our Oil and Gas segment core assets in utility Cost of Service Gas Programs may result in additional material impairments of our Oil and Gas assets. 
    
  In our oil and gas business, we are divesting non-core assets while retaining those best suited for a Cost of Service Gas Program for our utilities and third-party utilities, and have refocused our professional staff on assisting with the implementation of a Cost of Service Gas Program.  The implementation of Cost of Service Gas Programs provides a long-term physical hedge for a portion of a utility s gas supply, enhancing the gas supply portfolio and providing longer-term price stability for regulated utility customers.  In addition to providing customers the benefits associated with more predictable long-term natural gas prices, it also provides utilities an opportunity to increase earnings through the investment in gas reserves.  Cost of Service Gas Programs require regulatory approval from state commissions that regulate utility participants in these programs.  Failure to obtain these approvals would likely result in additional material impairments of our Oil and Gas assets, and could adversely affect the market perception of our business, operating results and stock price.  
    
  Risks Related to the SourceGas Acquisition 
    
  We recorded goodwill that could become impaired and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
    
  The acquisition of SourceGas was accounted for as a purchase in accordance with GAAP.  Under the purchase method of accounting, the assets and liabilities acquired and assumed were recorded at their fair values at the date of acquisition and added to those of Black Hills Corporation.  The excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair values was recorded as goodwill.  As of   September 30, 2016  , goodwill totaled   $1.3 billion  , of which   $941 million   is attributable to the acquisition of SourceGas. 
    
  If we make changes in our business strategy or if market or other conditions adversely affect operations in any of our businesses, we may be forced to record a non-cash impairment charge, which would reduce our reported assets, net income and shareholders  equity.  Goodwill is tested for impairment annually or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate impairment may have occurred.  If the testing performed indicates that impairment has occurred, we are required to record an impairment charge for the difference between the carrying value of the goodwill and the implied fair value of the goodwill in the period the determination is made.  The testing of goodwill for impairment requires us to make significant estimates about our future performance and cash flows, as well as other assumptions.  These estimates can be affected by numerous factors, including:  future business operating performance, changes in economic conditions and interest rates, regulatory, industry or market conditions, changes in business operations, changes in competition or changes in technologies.  Any changes in key assumptions, or actual performance compared with key assumptions, about our business and its future prospects could affect the fair value of one or more business segments, which may result in an impairment charge. 

87 

Failure to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting could have a negative effect on our business, operating results and stock price. 
    
  Prior to the Acquisition, SourceGas was a private company, exempt from reporting and control requirements under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 requires us to include in our annual report a report containing management s assessment of the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting as of the end of our fiscal year and a statement as to whether or not such internal controls are effective.    As permitted by the guidance set forth by the Securities and Exchange Commission, the acquired SourceGas businesses will not be included in management s assessment of internal control over financial reporting for the year ended December 31, 2016. 
    
  A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system s objectives will be met.  While we expect our control system to adequately integrate the SourceGas processes, we cannot be certain that our current design for internal control over financial reporting, or any additional changes to be made, will be sufficient to enable management to determine that our internal controls are effective for any period, or on an ongoing basis.  If we are unable to assert that our internal controls over financial reporting are effective, market perception of our business, operating results and stock price could be adversely affected. 
    
  Financing  
    
  Failure to maintain our financial and other covenants required by our credit facility agreement and term loan could have a negative effect on our business, operating results and stock price. 
    
  On February 12, 2016, in connection with the SourceGas Acquisition, our Revolving Credit Facility and Term Loan credit agreements were amended to permit the assumption of certain indebtedness of SourceGas and to increase the Recourse Leverage Ratio.   The maximum Recourse Leverage Ratio increased to   0.75   to   1.00   until March 31, 2017, a period of four fiscal quarters following the SourceGas acquisition; it was previously   0.65   to   1.00  .  On August 9, 2016, in conjunction with the amendment and restatement of the Revolving Credit Facility and Term Loan, the Recourse Leverage Ratio was amended and replaced with the Consolidated Indebtedness to Capitalization Ratio.   Under the amended and restated Revolving Credit Facility and Term Loan, we are required to maintain a Consolidated Indebtedness to Capitalization Ratio not to exceed 0.70 to 1.00 at the end of fiscal quarters ending September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2016 and not to exceed   0.65   to   1.00   at the end of any fiscal quarter thereafter.  We were in compliance at September 30, 2016, with a Consolidated Indebtedness to Capitalization Ratio of 68%.  If we are not able to meet the compliance ratio of 65% at March 31, 2017, and are not able to obtain a waiver of non-compliance, failure to comply with this covenant could result in default, and could cause all outstanding borrowings under our credit facility agreement and term loan to become immediately due and payable, which could have a material and adverse effect on our business. 

ITEM 2. 
    Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
       
  There were no unregistered securities sold during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  . 

ITEM 4. 
    Mine Safety Disclosures 
       
  Information concerning mine safety violations or other regulatory matters required by Sections 1503(a) of Dodd-Frank is included in Exhibit 95 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

ITEM 5. 
    Other Information 
       
  None. 

88 

ITEM 6. 
    Exhibits 
       
                 Exhibit Number 
    Description 

Exhibit 2.1* 
    Purchase and Sale Agreement by and among Alinda Gas Delaware LLC, Alinda Infrastructure Fund I, L.P. and Aircraft Services Corporation, as Sellers, and Black Hills Utility Holdings, Inc., as Buyer dated as of July 12, 2015 (filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant's Form 8-K file on July 14, 2015).  First Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement effective December 10, 2015, by and among, Alinda Gas Delaware LLC, Alinda Infrastructure Fund I L.P. and Aircraft Services Corporation, as Sellers, and Black Hills Utility Holdings, Inc., as Buyer (filed as Exhibit 2.2 to the Registrant s Form 10-K for 2015). 

Exhibit 2.2* 
    Option Agreement by and among Aircraft Services Corporation, as ASC, SourceGas Holdings LLC, as the Company and Black Hills Utility Holdings, Inc., as Buyer (filed as Exhibit 2.2 to the Registrant's Form 8-K file on July 14, 2015). 

Exhibit 2.3* 
    Guaranty of Black Hills Corporation in favor of Alinda Gas Delaware LLC, Alinda Infrastructure Fund I, L.P. and Aircraft Services Corporation, dated as of July 12, 2015 (filed as Exhibit 2.3 to the Registrant's Form 8-K file on July 14, 2015). 

Exhibit 3.1* 
    Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant (filed as Exhibit 3 to the Registrant s Form 10-K for 2004). 

Exhibit 3.2* 
    Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant dated January 28, 2010 (filed as Exhibit 3 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on February 3, 2010). 

Exhibit 4.1* 
    Indenture dated as of May 21, 2003 between the Registrant and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (as successor to LaSalle Bank National Association), as Trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2003). First Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 21, 2003 (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2003). Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 14, 2009 (filed as Exhibit 4 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on May 14, 2009). Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 16, 2010 (filed as Exhibit 4 to Registrant s Form 8-K filed on July 15, 2010). Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 19, 2013 (filed as Exhibit 4 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on November 18, 2013). Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 13, 2016 (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on January 13, 2016). Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 19, 2016 (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on August 19, 2016). 

Exhibit 4.2* 
    Restated and Amended Indenture of Mortgage and Deed of Trust of Black Hills Corporation (now called Black Hills Power, Inc.) dated as of September 1, 1999 (filed as Exhibit 4.19 to the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-150669)). First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 13, 2002, between Black Hills Power, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon (as successor to JPMorgan Chase Bank), as Trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.20 to the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S 3 (No. 333 150669)). Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 27, 2009, between Black Hills Power, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon (filed as Exhibit 4.21 to the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 2 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-150669)). Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 1, 2014, between Black Hills Power, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on October 2, 2014). 

Exhibit 4.3* 
    Restated Indenture of Mortgage, Deed of Trust, Security Agreement and Financing Statement, amended and restated as of November 20, 2007, between Cheyenne Light, Fuel and Power Company and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on October 2, 2014). First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 3, 2009, between Cheyenne Light, Fuel and Power Company and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on October 2, 2014). Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 1, 2014, between Cheyenne Light, Fuel and Power Company and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on October 2, 2014). 

Exhibit 4.4* 
    Junior Subordinated Indenture dated as of November 23, 2015 between Black Hills Corporation and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on November 23, 2015).  First Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 23, 2015 (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on November 23, 2015). 

89 

Exhibit 4.5* 
    Purchase Contract and Pledge Agreement dated as of November 23, 2015 between Black Hills Corporation and U.S. Bank National Association, as purchase contract agent, collateral agent, custodial agent and securities intermediary (filed as Exhibit 4.4 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on November 23, 2015). 

Exhibit 4.6* 
    Indenture dated as of April 16, 2007 between SourceGas LLC and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee (relating to $325 million, 5.90% Senior Notes due 2017) (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on March 18, 2016). 

Exhibit 4.7* 
    Form of Stock Certificate for Common Stock, Par Value $1.00 Per Share (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant s Form 10-K for 2000). 

Exhibit 10.1* 
    Second Amended and Restated Senior Credit Agreement dated August 9, 2016, among Black Hills Corporation, as Borrower, the financial institutions party thereto, as Banks, and U.S. Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on August 10, 2016). 

Exhibit 10.2* 
    Credit Agreement dated August 9, 2016 among Black Hills Corporation, as Borrower, the financial institutions party thereto, as Banks, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on August 10, 2016). 

Exhibit 10.3* 
    Third Amended and Restated Term Loan Credit Agreement dated August 9, 2016 among Black Hills Corporation, as Borrower, the financial institutions party thereto, as Banks, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on August 10, 2016). 

Exhibit 10.4    
    Fourth Amendment to the Outside Director Stock Based Compensation Plan effective January 1, 2017. 

Exhibit 31.1 
    Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a - 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002. 

Exhibit 31.2 
    Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a - 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002. 

Exhibit 32.1 
    Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002. 

Exhibit 32.2 
    Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002. 

Exhibit 95 
    Mine Safety and Health Administration Safety Data. 

Exhibit 101 
    Financial Statements for XBRL Format. 

__________ 
           * 
    Previously filed as part of the filing indicated and incorporated by reference herein. 
                
    Indicates a board of director or management compensatory plan. 
     
    90 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
    
  BLACK HILLS CORPORATION 

/s/ David R. Emery 

David R. Emery, Chairman and 

Chief Executive Officer 

/s/ Richard W. Kinzley 

Richard W. Kinzley, Senior Vice President and 

Chief Financial Officer 

Dated: 
    November 3, 2016 

91 

INDEX TO EXHIBITS 
    
                 Exhibit Number 
    Description 

Exhibit 2.1* 
    Purchase and Sale Agreement by and among Alinda Gas Delaware LLC, Alinda Infrastructure Fund I, L.P. and Aircraft Services Corporation, as Sellers, and Black Hills Utility Holdings, Inc., as Buyer dated as of July 12, 2015 (filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant's Form 8-K file on July 14, 2015).  First Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement effective December 10, 2015, by and among, Alinda Gas Delaware LLC, Alinda Infrastructure Fund I L.P. and Aircraft Services Corporation, as Sellers, and Black Hills Utility Holdings, Inc., as Buyer (filed as Exhibit 2.2 to the Registrant s Form 10-K for 2015). 

Exhibit 2.2* 
    Option Agreement by and among Aircraft Services Corporation, as ASC, SourceGas Holdings LLC, as the Company and Black Hills Utility Holdings, Inc., as Buyer (filed as Exhibit 2.2 to the Registrant's Form 8-K file on July 14, 2015). 

Exhibit 2.3* 
    Guaranty of Black Hills Corporation in favor of Alinda Gas Delaware LLC, Alinda Infrastructure Fund I, L.P. and Aircraft Services Corporation, dated as of July 12, 2015 (filed as Exhibit 2.3 to the Registrant's Form 8-K file on July 14, 2015). 

Exhibit 3.1* 
    Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant (filed as Exhibit 3 to the Registrant s Form 10-K for 2004). 

Exhibit 3.2* 
    Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant dated January 28, 2010 (filed as Exhibit 3 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on February 3, 2010). 

Exhibit 4.1* 
    Indenture dated as of May 21, 2003 between the Registrant and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (as successor to LaSalle Bank National Association), as Trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2003). First Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 21, 2003 (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2003). Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 14, 2009 (filed as Exhibit 4 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on May 14, 2009). Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 16, 2010 (filed as Exhibit 4 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on July 15, 2010). Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 19, 2013 (filed as Exhibit 4 to the Registrants  Form 8-K filed on November 18, 2013). Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 13, 2016 (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on January 13, 2016). Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 19, 2016 (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on August 19, 2016). 

Exhibit 4.2* 
    Restated and Amended Indenture of Mortgage and Deed of Trust of Black Hills Corporation (now called Black Hills Power, Inc.) dated as of September 1, 1999 (filed as Exhibit 4.19 to the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-150669)). First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 13, 2002, between Black Hills Power, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon (as successor to JPMorgan Chase Bank), as Trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.20 to the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S 3 (No. 333 150669)). Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 27, 2009, between Black Hills Power, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon (filed as Exhibit 4.21 to the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 2 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-150669)). Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 1, 2014, between Black Hills Power, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on October 2, 2014). 

Exhibit 4.3* 
    Restated Indenture of Mortgage, Deed of Trust, Security Agreement and Financing Statement, amended and restated as of November 20, 2007, between Cheyenne Light, Fuel and Power Company and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on October 2, 2014). First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 3, 2009, between Cheyenne Light, Fuel and Power Company and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on October 2, 2014). Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 1, 2014, between Cheyenne Light, Fuel and Power Company and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on October 2, 2014). 

92 

Exhibit 4.4* 
    Junior Subordinated Indenture dated as of November 23, 2015 between Black Hills Corporation and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on November 23, 2015). First Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 23, 2015 (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on November 23, 2015). 

Exhibit 4.5* 
    Purchase Contract and Pledge Agreement dated as of November 23, 2015 between Black Hills Corporation and U.S. Bank National Association, as purchase contract agent, collateral agent, custodial agent and securities intermediary (filed as Exhibit 4.4 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on November 23, 2015). 

Exhibit 4.6* 
    Indenture dated as of April 16, 2007 between SourceGas LLC and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee (relating to $325 million, 5.90% Senior Notes due 2017) (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on March 18, 2016). 

Exhibit 4.7* 
    Form of Stock Certificate for Common Stock, Par Value $1.00 Per Share (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant s Form 10-K for 2000). 

Exhibit 10.1* 
    Second Amended and Restated Senior Credit Agreement dated August 9, 2016, among Black Hills Corporation, as Borrower, the financial institutions party thereto, as Banks, and U.S. Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on August 10, 2016). 

Exhibit 10.2* 
    Credit Agreement dated August 9, 2016 among Black Hills Corporation, as Borrower, the financial institutions party thereto, as Banks, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on August 10, 2016). 

Exhibit 10.3* 
    Third Amended and Restated Term Loan Credit Agreement dated August 9, 2016 among Black Hills Corporation, as Borrower, the financial institutions party thereto, as Banks, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on August 10, 2016). 

Exhibit 10.4    
    Fourth Amendment to the Outside Director Stock Based Compensation Plan effective January 1, 2017. 

Exhibit 31.1 
    Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a - 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002. 

Exhibit 31.2 
    Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a - 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002. 

Exhibit 32.1 
    Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002. 

Exhibit 32.2 
    Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002. 

Exhibit 95 
    Mine Safety and Health Administration Safety Data. 

Exhibit 101 
    Financial Statements for XBRL Format. 

__________ 
           * 
    Previously filed as part of the filing indicated and incorporated by reference herein. 
                
    Indicates a board of director or management compensatory plan. 
     
    93 

<EX-10.4>
 2
 bkhex-104q32016fourthamddi.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.4

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 10.4 

FOURTH AMENDMENT TO THE 
  AMENDED AND RESTATED 
  OUTSIDE DIRECTORS STOCK BASED COMPENSATION PLAN 

This Fourth Amendment to the Amended and Restated Outside Directors Stock Based Compensation Plan ( Amendment ) is adopted by Black Hills Corporation ( Company ) effective the 1   st    day of January, 2017. 
   This document is the Fourth Amendment to the Amended and Restated Outside Directors Stock Based Compensation Plan which was adopted by the Company effective the 1   st    day of January, 2017 ( Plan ).  Under Section 11 of the Plan, the Company reserved the right to amend, modify, or discontinue the Plan provided only that any modification is not to reduce accrued and unpaid benefits.  The amendment hereunder does not reduce any accrued or unpaid benefits. 
           2. 
    AMENDMENTS TO SECTION 4. ADDITIONS TO ACCOUNTS  . 
     Section 4b of the Plan is amended and restated as follows: 

For the Quarter Period beginning March 1, 2008, and for the remainder of the Plan year, and for each Plan year thereafter through November 30, 2010 each Participant shall be entitled to a quarterly addition to his or her Account in the amount of the number of Company common stock equivalents determined by dividing the sum of $12,500 by the market price of the Company common stock on the last day of the Quarter Period for each Quarter Period of the Plan Year that the Participant is eligible for benefits.   

For the Quarter Period December 1, 2010 through February 28, 2011, each Participant shall be entitled to a quarterly addition to their Account in the amount determined by dividing the sum of $14,166.67 by the market price of the Company common stock on February 28, 2011.   
    
  For the Quarter Period beginning March 1, 2011, and for the remainder of the Plan year, and for each Plan year thereafter through November 30, 2012 each Participant shall be entitled to a quarterly addition to his or her Account in the amount of the number of Company common stock equivalents determined by dividing the sum of $15,000 by the market price of the Company common stock on the last day of the Quarter Period for each Quarter Period of the Plan Year that the Participant is eligible for benefits.   
    
  For the Quarter Period December 1, 2012 through February 28, 2013, each Participant shall be entitled to a quarterly addition to their Account in the amount determined by dividing the sum of $17,500.00 by the market price of the Company common stock on February 28, 2013.   
    
  For the Quarter Period beginning March 1, 2013, and for the remainder of the Plan year, and for each Plan year thereafter through November 30, 2014, each Participant shall be entitled to a quarterly addition to his or her Account in the amount of the number of Company common stock equivalents determined by dividing the sum of $18,750 by the market price of the Company common stock on the last day of the Quarter Period for each Quarter Period of the Plan Year that the Participant is eligible for benefits.   
    
  For the Quarter Period December 1, 2014 through February 28, 2015, each Participant shall be entitled to a quarterly addition to their Account in the amount determined by dividing the sum of $19,583.33 by the market price of the Company common stock on February 28, 2015.   
    
  For the Quarter Period beginning March 1, 2015, and for the remainder of the Plan year, and for each Plan year thereafter through November 30, 2016, each Participant shall be entitled to a quarterly addition to his or her Account in the amount of the number of Company common stock equivalents determined by dividing the sum of $20,000 by the market price of the Company common stock on the last day of the Quarter Period for each Quarter Period of the Plan Year that the Participant is eligible for benefits.   

For the Quarter Period December 1, 2016 through February 28, 2017, each Participant shall be entitled to a quarterly addition to their Account in the amount determined by dividing the sum of $21,666.67 by the market price of the Company common stock on February 28, 2017.   
    
  For the Quarter Period beginning March 1, 2017, and for the remainder of the Plan year, and for each Plan year thereafter, each Participant shall be entitled to a quarterly addition to his or her Account in the amount of the number of Company common stock equivalents determined by dividing the sum of $22,500 by the market price of the Company common stock on the last day of the Quarter Period for each Quarter Period of the Plan Year that the Participant is eligible for benefits. 
    
  If a Participant is not an Outside Director for the entire Quarter Period, then the Participant s addition for the quarter should be prorated for the number of months that the Participant served as Outside Director. 
    
           3. 
    NO OTHER CHANGES  . 
     Other than specifically set forth herein, all terms, conditions and provisions of the Plan shall remain the same. 

Dated this 24th day of October, 2016. 
    
    BLACK HILLS CORPORATION 

By   /s/ David R. Emery           
    Its Chairman and CEO 
    
  ATTEST: 

/s/ Roxann R. Basham           
  Secretary 
    
  (CORPORATE SEAL)               

</EX-10.4>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 bkhex-311q32016.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
  CERTIFICATION 
  I, David R. Emery, certify that: 
    
                   1. 
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Black Hills Corporation; 

2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 
    November 3, 2016 

/S/ DAVID R. EMERY 

David R. Emery 

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 bkhex-312q32016.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
  CERTIFICATION 
  I, Richard W. Kinzley, certify that: 
    
                   1. 
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Black Hills Corporation; 

2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 
    November 3, 2016 

/S/ RICHARD W. KINZLEY 

Richard W. Kinzley 

Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 bkhex-321q32016.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  In connection with the Quarterly Report of Black Hills Corporation (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended   September 30, 2016   as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, David R. Emery, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss. 1350, as adopted pursuant to ss. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
                     
    (1) 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13 (a) or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: 
    November 3, 2016 

/S/ DAVID R. EMERY 

David R. Emery 

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 bkhex-322q32016.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.2 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  In connection with the Quarterly Report of Black Hills Corporation (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended   September 30, 2016   as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Richard W. Kinzley, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss. 1350, as adopted pursuant to ss. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
                     
    (1) 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13 (a) or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: 
    November 3, 2016 

/S/ RICHARD W. KINZLEY 

Richard W. Kinzley 

Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-95>
 7
 bkhex-95q32016.htm
 EXHIBIT 95

Exhibit 

Exhibit 95 
  Information concerning mine safety violations or other regulatory matters required by Sections 1503(a) of Dodd-Frank is included below. 
    
  Mine Safety and Health Administration Safety Data 
  Safety is a core value at Black Hills Corporation and at each of its subsidiary operations.  We have in place a comprehensive safety program that includes extensive health and safety training for all employees, site inspections, emergency response preparedness, crisis communications training, incident investigation, regulatory compliance training and process auditing, as well as an open dialogue between all levels of employees.  The goals of our processes are to eliminate exposure to hazards in the workplace, ensure that we comply with all mine safety regulations, and support regulatory and industry efforts to improve the health and safety of our employees along with the industry as a whole. 
    
  Under the recently enacted Dodd-Frank Act, each operator of a coal or other mine is required to include certain mine safety results in its periodic reports filed with the SEC.  Our mining operation, consisting of Wyodak Coal Mine, is subject to regulation by the federal Mine Safety and Health Administration ("MSHA") under the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977 (the  Mine Act ).  Below we present the following information regarding certain mining safety and health matters for the three month period ended   September 30, 2016  .  In evaluating this information, consideration should be given to factors such as:  (i) the number of citations and orders will vary depending on the size of the coal mine, (ii) the number of citations issued will vary from inspector to inspector and mine to mine, and (iii) citations and orders can be contested and appealed, and in that process, are often reduced in severity and amount, and are sometimes dismissed.  The information presented includes: 

Total number of violations of mandatory health and safety standards that could significantly and substantially contribute to the cause and effect of a coal or other mine safety or health hazard under section 104 of the Mine Act for which we have received a citation from MSHA; 

Total number of orders issued under section 104(b) of the Mine Act; 

Total number of citations and orders for unwarrantable failure of the mine operator to comply with mandatory health and safety standards under section 104(d) of the Mine Act; 

Total number of imminent danger orders issued under section 107(a) of the Mine Act; and 

Total dollar value of proposed assessments from MSHA under the Mine Act. 
       
  The table below sets forth the total number of citations and/or orders issued by MSHA to WRDC under the indicated provisions of the Mine Act, together with the total dollar value of proposed MSHA assessments received during the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and legal actions pending before the Federal Mine Safety and Health Review Commission, together with the Administrative Law Judges thereof, for WRDC, our only mining complex.  All citations were abated within 24 hours of issue. 
    
                                               Mine/ MSHA 
    Mine Act Section 104 S S Citations issued during three months ended 
    Mine Act Section 104(b) 
    Mine Act Section 104(d) Citations and 
    Mine Act Section 110(b)(2) 
    Mine Act Section 107(a) Imminent Danger 
    Total Dollar Value of Proposed MSHA 
    Total Number of Mining Related 
    Received Notice of Potential to Have Pattern Under 
    Legal Actions Pending as of Last Day of 
    Legal Actions Initiated During 
    Legal Actions Resolved During 
      Identification Number 
    September 30, 2016 
    Orders (#) 
    Orders (#) 
    Violations (#) 
    Orders (#) 
    Assessments 
    Fatalities (#) 
    Section 104(e) (yes/no) 
    Period (#) (a) 
     Period (#) 
     Period (#) 
      Wyodak Coal Mine - 4800083 

$ 

No 

________________________ 
           (a) 
    The types of proceedings by class: (1) contests of citations and orders - none; (2) contests of proposed penalties - none; (3) complaints for compensation - none; (4) complaints of discharge, discrimination or interference under Section 105 of the Mine Act - none; (5) applications for temporary relief - none; and (6) appeals of judges' decisions or orders to the FMSHRC - none. 

</EX-95>

<EX-101.INS>
 8
 bkh-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 bkh-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 bkh-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 bkh-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 bkh-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 bkh-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

