<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161110_10-Q_edgar_data_1553643_0001213900-16-018211_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3468869</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>94901</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>197907</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>862470</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1506385</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>755163</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>44</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-16-018211.hdr.sgml : 20161110
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161110164625
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-16-018211
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		58
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161110
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161110

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			RELMADA THERAPEUTICS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001553643
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				455401931
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55347
		FILM NUMBER:		161988692

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		275 MADISON AVENUE, SUITE 702
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10016
		BUSINESS PHONE:		646-677-3853

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		275 MADISON AVENUE, SUITE 702
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10016

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CAMP NINE, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20120706

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-16-018211.txt : 20161110

10-Q
 1
 f10q0916_relmadatherapeutics.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED
STATES   

   SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

   Washington,
D.C. 20549   

FORM
10-Q   

QUARTERLY
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

For
the quarterly period ended  September 30, 2016   

or  

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15 (d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

For
the transition period from _______________________ to ___________________________  

Commission
File Number:  000-____   

Relmada
Therapeutics, Inc.   

  (Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

(646)-677-3853   

  (Registrant s
Telephone Number, Including Area Code)  

N/A   

  (Former
Name, Former Address and Former Fiscal Year, if Changed Since Last Report)  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.       Yes     No      

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).       Yes     No      

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller
reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large
    accelerated filer  
       
      Accelerated
    filer  

Non-accelerated
    filer   
        
    (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  
      Smaller
    reporting company  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).      
 Yes         No  

APPLICABLE
ONLY TO ISSUERS INVOLVED IN BANKRUPTCY  

  PROCEEDINGS
DURING THE PRECEDING FIVE YEARS:  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed all documents and reports required to be filed by Sections 12, 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 subsequent to the distribution of securities under a plan confirmed by a court.        Yes         No  

APPLICABLE
ONLY TO CORPORATE ISSUERS:  

As of November 10, 2016, there were 12,035,912 shares
of common stock outstanding. 

Relmada
Therapeutics, Inc.   

   Index   

Page  
          Number    
 
       PART
    I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item
    1.  
      Unaudited
    Consolidated Financial Statements  
      1   

Unaudited
    Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016  
      1   

Unaudited
    Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
      2   

Unaudited
    Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
      3   

Notes
    to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements  
     4 -14   
 
      Item
    2.  
      Management s
    Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation  
      15-22   
 
      Item
    3.  
      Quantitative
    and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
      22   
 
      Item
    4.  
      Controls
    and Procedures  
      22   

PART
    II - OTHER INFORMATION   

Item
    1.  
      Legal
    Proceedings  
      23   
 
      Item
    1A.  
      Risk
    Factors  
      24   
 
      Item
    2.  
      Unregistered
    Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
      24   
 
      Item
    3.  
      Defaults
    Upon Senior Securities  
      24   
 
      Item
    4.  
      Mine
    Safety Disclosures  
      24   
 
      Item
    5.  
      Other
    Information  
      24   
 
      Item
    6.  
      Exhibits  
      24   
 
       SIGNATURES   
      25   

ITEM
1.      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

Relmada
Therapeutics, Inc.   

   Consolidated
Balance Sheets   

   (Unaudited)   

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited consolidated financial statements.  

Relmada
Therapeutics, Inc.   

   Consolidated
Statements of Operations   

   (Unaudited)   

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited consolidated financial statements.  

Relmada
Therapeutics, Inc.   

   Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows   

   (Unaudited)   

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited consolidated financial statements.  

Relmada
Therapeutics, Inc.   

   Notes
to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements   

NOTE
1 - BUSINESS   

Relmada Therapeutics, Inc. ( Relmada  or the
 Company ) (a Nevada corporation), is a clinical-stage, publicly traded biotechnology company developing new chemical
entities (NCEs) together with novel versions of proven drug products that potentially address areas of high unmet medical need
in the treatment of central nervous system (CNS) diseases - primarily depression and chronic pain. The Company has a diversified
portfolio of four products at various stages of development, including d-Methadone (dextromethadone, REL-1017), an N-methyl-D-aspartate
(NMDA) receptor antagonist for treating depression and neuropathic pain; LevoCap ER (REL-1015), an abuse resistant, sustained release
dosage form of the opioid analgesic levorphanol; BuTab (oral buprenorphine, REL-1028), an oral dosage form of the opioid analgesic
buprenorphine; and MepiGel (topical mepivacaine, REL-1021), an orphan drug designated topical formulation of the local anesthetic
mepivacaine. 

In addition to the normal risks associated with a new business
venture, there can be no assurance that the Company s research and development will be successfully completed or that any
product will be approved or commercially viable. The Company is subject to risks common to companies in the biotechnology industry
including, but not limited to, dependence on collaborative arrangements, development by the Company or its competitors of new technological
innovations, dependence on key personnel, protection of proprietary technology, and compliance with the FDA and other governmental
regulations and approval requirements. 

NOTE 2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES  

Basis of Presentation  

The accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements
and related notes have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
( U.S. GAAP ) for interim unaudited consolidated financial information. Accordingly, they do not include all of the
information and footnotes required by U.S. GAAP for complete consolidated financial statements. The unaudited consolidated financial
statements furnished reflect all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring adjustments) which are, in the opinion of management,
necessary for a fair statement of the results for the interim periods presented. Interim results are not necessarily indicative
of the results for the full year. These unaudited consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited
consolidated financial statements of the Company for the year ended June 30, 2016 and notes thereto contained in the Company s
Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Principles of Consolidation  

The unaudited consolidated financial statements include the
Company s accounts and those of the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions
have been eliminated in consolidation. 

Use of Estimates  

The preparation of these financial statements in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the unaudited consolidated financial statements and the
reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Relmada
Therapeutics, Inc.   

   Notes
to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements   

NOTE
2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)   

Cash
and Cash Equivalents   

The Company considers cash deposits and all highly liquid investments with
a maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. The Company s cash deposits are held at two high-credit-quality
financial institutions. The Company s cash deposits of approximately $6,000,000 as of September 30, 2016 at these institutions
exceed federally insured limits.    

Patents   

Costs
related to filing and pursuing patent applications are recorded as general and administrative expense and expensed as incurred
since recoverability of such expenditures is uncertain.  

Fixed
Assets   

Fixed
assets are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation. Fixed assets are comprised of Computers and Software, Leasehold Improvements
and Furniture and Fixtures. Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of the assets.
Computers and software have an estimated useful life of three years. Furniture and Fixtures have an estimated useful life of approximately
seven years. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the lesser of the estimated life of the asset and the lease term (approximately
seven years).  

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments   

The
Company s financial instruments primarily include cash, accounts payable, derivative liabilities and note payable. Due to
the short-term nature of cash, accounts payable, derivative liabilities and note payable, the carrying amounts of these assets
and liabilities approximate their fair value. Derivatives are recorded at fair value at each period end. Fair value is defined
as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in an orderly transaction
between market participants at the reporting date.  

A
fair value hierarchy has been established for valuation inputs that gives the highest priority to quoted prices in active markets
for identical assets or liabilities and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs. The accounting guidance establishes a three-tiered
hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs used in the valuation methodologies in measuring fair value:  

Level
1 Inputs - Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the reporting entity has the ability
to access at the measurement date.  

Level
2 Inputs - Inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly
or indirectly. These might include quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical
or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active, inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset
or liability (such as interest rates, volatilities, prepayment speeds, credit risks, etc.) or inputs that are derived principally
from or corroborated by market data by correlation or other means.  

Level
3 Inputs - Prices or valuation techniques that require inputs that are both significant to the fair value measurement and unobservable
(supported by little or no market activity).  

Fair
Value on a Recurring Basis   

As
required by Accounting Standard Codification ( ASC ) Topic No. 820 - 10  Fair Value Measurement , financial assets
and liabilities are classified based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The Company s
assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement requires judgment, and may affect the valuation
of the fair value of assets and liabilities and their placement within the fair value hierarchy levels. The estimated fair value
of the derivative instruments which include warrants with down-round protection provisions is calculated with the Black Scholes
option pricing model. Sensitivity Analysis for the Black-Scholes has many inputs and is subject to judgement which includes volatility.
Volatility and the expected term is based upon the Company s peer group and the expected term is based upon expiration date
of the warrants.  

Relmada
Therapeutics, Inc.   

   Notes
to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements   

NOTE
2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)   

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments (continued)   

The
following table sets forth, by level within the fair value hierarchy, the Company s financial liabilities that were accounted
for at fair value on a recurring basis as of September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016:  

The
following table sets forth a reconciliation of changes in the fair value of financial liabilities classified as level 3 in the
fair value hierarchy:  

Income
Taxes   

The Company accounts for income taxes using the asset and
liability method. Accordingly, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable
to differences between financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which
those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change
in the tax rate is recognized in income or expense in the period that the change is effective. Tax benefits are recognized when
it is probable that the deduction will be sustained. A valuation allowance is established when it is more likely than not that
all or a portion of a deferred tax asset will either expire before the Company is able to realize the benefit, or that future deductibility
is uncertain. As of September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016, the Company had recognized a valuation allowance to the full extent of
the Company s net deferred tax assets since the likelihood of realization of the benefit does not meet the more likely than
not threshold. 

The Company files U.S. Federal and various state/local income tax returns.
Uncertain tax positions taken on the Company s tax returns will be accounted for as liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits.
The Company will recognize interest and penalties, if any, related to unrecognized tax benefits in general and administrative
expenses in the statements of operations. There were no liabilities recorded for uncertain tax positions at September 30, 2016
and June 30, 2016. The open tax years, subject to potential examination by the applicable taxing authority, for the Company are
for the year ended June 30, 2012 and all subsequent years. 

Relmada
Therapeutics, Inc.   

   Notes
to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements   

NOTE
2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)   

Research
and Development   

Research
and development costs primarily consist of research contracts for the advancement of product development, salaries and benefits,
stock-based compensation, and consultants. The Company expenses all research and development costs in the period incurred. The
Company makes an estimate of costs in relation to clinical study contracts. The Company analyzes the progress of studies, including
the progress of clinical studies and phases, invoices received and contracted costs when evaluating the adequacy of the amount
expensed and the related prepaid asset and accrued liability.   

Stock-Based
Compensation   

The
Company measures the cost of employee services received in exchange for an award of equity instruments based on the grant-date
fair value of the award. That cost is recognized over the period during which an employee is required to provide service in exchange
for the award over the requisite service period. The grant-date fair value of employee share options is estimated using the Black-Scholes
option pricing model adjusted for the unique characteristics of those instruments. Compensation expense for warrants granted to
non-employees is determined by the fair value of the consideration received or the fair value of the equity instruments issued,
whichever is more reliably measured, and is recognized over the service period. The expense is subsequently adjusted to fair value
at the end of each reporting period until such warrants vest, and the fair value of such instruments, as adjusted, is expensed
over the related vesting period. Adjustments to fair value at each reporting date may result in income or expense, depending upon
the estimate of fair value and the amount of expense recorded prior to the adjustment. The Company reviews its agreements and
the future performance obligation with respect to the unvested warrants for its vendors or consultants. When appropriate, the
Company will expense the unvested warrants at the time when management deems the service obligation for future services has ceased.   

Net
Income (Loss) per Common Share   

Basic
net income or loss per common share attributable to common stockholders is calculated by dividing the net income (loss) attributable
to common stockholders by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding for the period, without consideration for common
stock equivalents. Diluted net income per common share attributable to common stockholders is computed by dividing the net income
attributable to common stockholders by the weighted-average number of common share equivalents outstanding for the period determined
using the treasury-stock method. Dilutive common stock equivalents are comprised of Class A convertible preferred stock, restricted
stock, warrants for the purchase of common stock and stock options.  

For the three months ended September 30, 2016, potentially
dilutive securities were not included in the calculation of diluted net loss per share because to do so would be anti-dilutive.
Following is a reconciliation of basic earnings per common share ( EPS ) and diluted EPS for the three months ended
September 30, 2015:  

For the three months ended September 30, 2016, the following
potentially dilutive securities were excluded from the computation of diluted net loss per share, as the inclusion of such shares
would be anti-dilutive: 

Relmada
Therapeutics, Inc.   

   Notes
to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements   

NOTE
2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)   

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements    

In August 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued
Accounting Standards Update 2014-15, Presentation of Financial Statements- Going Concern. The Update provides U.S. GAAP guidance
on management s responsibility in evaluating whether there is substantial doubt about a company s ability to continue
as a going concern and about related footnote disclosures. For each reporting period, management will be required to evaluate
whether there are conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about a company s ability to continue as a going concern
within one year from the date the financial statements are issued. The amendments in this update are effective for the annual
period ending after December 15, 2016, and for annual periods and interim periods thereafter. The Company is currently evaluating
the effects of this pronouncement on the consolidated financial statements. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,  Leases  (Topic 842), whereby lessees will be required
to recognize for all leases at the commencement date a lease liability, which is a lessee s obligation to make lease payments
arising from a lease, measured on a discounted basis; and a right-of-use asset, which is an asset that represents the lessee s
right to use, or control the use of, a specified asset for the lease term. A modified retrospective transition approach for leases
existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements must
be applied. The modified retrospective approach would not require any transition accounting for leases that expired before the
earliest comparative period presented. Companies may not apply a full retrospective transition approach. ASU 2016-02 is effective
for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2018. Early application is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating
the effects of this pronouncement on the consolidated financial statements. 

NOTE
3 - PREPAID EXPENSES   

Prepaid
expenses consisted of the following (rounded to nearest $00):  

New York City allows investors and owners of merging technology companies
focused on biotechnology to claim a tax credit against the General Corporation Tax and Unincorporated Business Tax for amounts
paid or incurred for certain facilities, operations, and employee training in New York City. During the years ended June 30, 2016
and 2015, the Company obtained certificates of biotechnology tax credit from New York City of approximately $82,000 and $149,000,
respectively. 

NOTE
4 - FIXED ASSETS   

Fixed
assets, net of accumulated depreciation, consist of the following (rounded to nearest $00):  

Relmada
Therapeutics, Inc.   

   Notes
to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements   

NOTE
5 - ACCRUED EXPENSES   

Accrued
expenses consisted of the following (rounded to nearest $00):  

NOTE
6 - NOTE PAYABLE   

In
June 2016, the Company entered into a note for approximately $273,700 in conjunction with a renewal of its director and officer
insurance policy. The interest rate was 2.1% per annum.  

In
June 2015, the Company entered into a note for approximately $263,800 in conjunction with a renewal of its director and officer
insurance policy. The interest rate was 2.8% per annum.  

At
September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016, the note payable outstanding balances were approximately $164,400 and $273,700, respectively.  

NOTE
7 - DERIVATIVE LIABILITIES   

As
required by Accounting Standard Codification ( ASC ) Topic No. 820 - 10  Fair Value Measurement , financial assets
and liabilities are classified based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The Company s
assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement requires judgment, and may affect the valuation
of the fair value of assets and liabilities and their placement within the fair value hierarchy levels. The estimated fair value
of the derivative liabilities included B warrants and agent warrants that have a down-round protection provision was calculated
with the Black-Scholes Option pricing model  

The
following is a summary of the assumptions used in the valuation model of the derivative liabilities at September 30, 2016 and
June 30, 2016:  

(1)  
      Quoted
    market value of the common stock, reflects a one-for-five reverse stock split.   
 
      (2)  
      The
    risk-free interest rate was determined by management using the applicable Treasury Bill as of the measurement date.   
 
      (3)  
      The
    historical trading volatility was determined by calculating the volatility of the Company s stock at September 30, 2016 and the Company s peer group at June 30, 2016.   
 
      (4)  
      The
    Company does not expect to pay a dividend in the foreseeable future.   

Relmada
Therapeutics, Inc.   

   Notes
to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements   

NOTE
8 - STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY   

Exercise
of warrants for non-cash   

During the three months ended September 30, 2015, the Company
issued approximately 220,000, shares of common stock resulting from the exercise on a non-cash basis of approximately 257,000
warrants. 

Common
stock issued for services   

During the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company
issued 0 and 15,834 shares of common stock for consulting services, respectively. These shares had an aggregate fair value of
approximately $0 and $78,900, respectively, based upon the stock price at the date of issuances. The Company recorded stock-based
compensation to general and administrative expense. 

Options   

In December 2014, the Board of Directors adopted and the shareholders approved
Relmada s 2014 Stock Option and Equity Incentive Plan, as amended (the  Plan ), which allows for the granting
of common stock awards, stock appreciation rights, and incentive and nonqualified stock options to purchase shares of the Company s
common stock to designated employees, non-employee directors, and consultants and advisors. The Plan allows for the granting of
1,611,769 options or stock awards. In August 2015, the board approved an amendment to the Plan. Among other things, the Plan Amendment
updates the definition of  change of control  and provides for accelerated vesting of all awards granted under the
plan in the event of a change of control of the Company. At September 30, 2016, no stock appreciation rights have been issued.
Stock options are exercisable generally for a period of 10 years from the date of grant and generally vest over four years. As
of September 30, 2016, 963,162 shares were available for future grants under the Plan. 

The
Company utilizes the Black-Scholes option pricing model to estimate the fair value of stock options and warrants. The price of
common stock prior to the Company being public was determined from a third party valuation. The risk-free interest rate assumptions
were based upon the observed interest rates appropriate for the expected term of the equity instruments. The expected dividend
yield was assumed to be zero as the Company has not paid any dividends since its inception and does not anticipate paying dividends
in the foreseeable future. The expected volatility was based upon its peer group. The Company routinely reviews its calculation
of volatility changes in future volatility, the Company s life cycle, its peer group, and other factors.  

The
Company uses the simplified method for share-based compensation to estimate the expected term for employee option awards for stock-based
compensation in its option-pricing model. The Company uses the contractual term for non-employee options to estimate the expected
term, for share-based compensation in its option-pricing model.  

The Company did not grant any options during the three months ended September 30, 2016.   

Relmada
Therapeutics, Inc.   

   Notes
to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements   

NOTE
8 - STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY (continued)   

At September 30, 2016, the Company has unrecognized stock-based compensation
expense of approximately $975,500 related to unvested stock options over the weighted average remaining service period of
2.3 years. 

For the three months ended September 30, 2016, the Company did not grant
any stock options. 

For the three months ended September 30, 2015, the Company granted a director
options to purchase 25,765 shares of common stock. The options have a ten year term and an exercise price of $8.45 per share.
25% of options vests on the one year anniversary of the grant date and the remaining options vest quarterly over the following
3 years. 

Following is the Black-Scholes option pricing model assumptions
used to determine the fair value of options granted during the three months ended September 30, 2015:  

Restricted
stock   

A
summary of the changes in restricted stock awards during the three months ended September 30, 2016, is as follows:  

There were no restricted stock awards granted during the three months ended
September 30, 2016. Restricted stock grants vest over four years. The Company has an unrecognized expense of approximately $159,000
related to unvested restricted stock grants which will be recognized over the remaining weighted average service period of 2.09
years. During the three months ended September 30, 2016, the Company issued 875 shares in relation to vested restricted stock
and 2,750 shares were vested and are to be issued. 

Warrants  

There were no changes in outstanding warrants during the
three months ended September 30, 2016. 

Relmada
Therapeutics, Inc.   

   Notes
to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements   

NOTE
8 - STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY (continued)   

At September 30, 2016, the Company does not have any unrecognized
stock-based compensation expense related to outstanding warrants. At September 30, 2016, the aggregate intrinsic value of warrants
that have vested and outstanding is approximately  $984,000.  

There were no common stock
warrants granted by the Company during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  

The
following summarizes the components of stock-based compensation expense which includes stock options, warrants and restricted
stock in the consolidated statements of operations for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (rounded to nearest
$00):  

NOTE
9 - RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS   

Placement
Agent   

On
February 18, 2014 and May 19, 2014, the Company entered into two engagement agreements with the Placement Agent for the May
2014 offering. The Company agreed to pay Placement Agent: (a) a cash commission in the amount of ten percent (10%) of the
gross proceeds of the Offering received from investors at a Closing as well as a non-accountable expense reimbursement equal
to two percent; and (b) (2%) of the gross proceeds of the Offering received from investors at a Closing and an activation fee
of $25,000. The Placement Agent or its designees also received five-year warrants to purchase 858,190 shares of
Relmada s common stock at a price of $7.50 per share. The Placement Agent shall also be entitled to the compensation
set forth above as well for any cash exercise of Warrants within six (6) months of the final closing of the Offering as well
as a five percent (5%) solicitation fee for any Warrants exercised as a result of any redemption of any Warrants. If the
Company elects to call the warrants, the Placement Agent shall receive a warrant solicitation fee equal to 5% of the funds
solicited by the Placement Agent upon exercise of the warrants. The Company shall pay the Placement Agent a nonrefundable
financial advisory fee to be paid monthly, at the rate of $25,000 per month for a period of six months commencing after the
May offerings. The Company extended the monthly $25,000 financial advisory fee to May 2015 and the Company did not renew the
agreement.  

Sublease   

On
March 10, 2016 and effective as of January 1, 2016, Relmada entered into an Office Space License Agreement (the
 License ) with  Actinium Pharmaceuticals, Inc. ( Actinium ), with whom we share two common
board members, for office space located at 275 Madison Avenue, 7th Floor, New York, NY 10016. The term of the License is
three years from the effective date, with an automatic renewal provision. The cost of the License is approximately $16,620
per month for Actinium, subject to customary escalations and adjustments. The Company records the license fees as other
income in the consolidated income statements. At September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016, the Company had a lease deposit of
approximately $40,000 in long-term liabilities. 

Advisory
Firm   

On
August 4, 2015, the Company entered into an Advisory and Consulting Agreement (the  Consulting Agreement ) with Sandesh
Seth, the Company s Chairman of the Board. The effective date of the Consulting Agreement is June 30, 2015. Mr. Seth has
substantial experience in, among other matters, business development, corporate planning, corporate finance, strategic planning,
investor relations and public relations, and an expansive network of connections spanning the biopharmaceutical industry, accounting,
legal and corporate communications professions. Mr. Seth will provide advisory and consulting services to assist the Company with
strategic advisory services, assist in prioritizing product development programs per strategic objectives, assist in recruiting
of key personnel and directors, corporate planning, business development activities, corporate finance advice, and assist in investor
and public relations services. In consideration for the services to be provided, the Company agrees to pay Mr. Seth $12,500 per
month on an ongoing basis.  

Relmada Therapeutics, Inc.   

   Notes
to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements   

NOTE
10 - COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES   

Legal   

From
time to time, the Company may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings, which arise in the ordinary course of
business.  Litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties, and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from
time to time that may harm business.  Except as disclosed below, the Company is currently not aware of any such legal proceedings
or claims that will have, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition or
operating results.  

Lawsuit
Brought by a Former Officer:  In 2014, Relmada dismissed with prejudice its lawsuit against Najib Babul, which had sought to
compel Mr. Babul, Relmada s former President, to account for questionable expenditures of Relmada funds made while Babul
controlled the Company. Relmada s decision to surrender its claims was informed by the fact that Babul came forward with
plausible explanations for some of the expenditures, and the fact that, because Babul was a former officer and director of Relmada
being sued for his conduct in office, the Company was required to advance his expenses of the litigation; hence, Relmada was paying
all the lawyers and consultants on both sides of the dispute. Relmada also agreed to reinstate certain stock purchase warrants
in Babul s name, which had been cancelled during the pendency of the litigation, and offered Babul the right to exchange
his shares in RTI for shares in the Company.  

Babul
has brought a second lawsuit against Relmada. Ruling on Relmada s motion, the United States District Court for
the Eastern District of Pennsylvania dismissed Babul s claims for breach of contract and intentional infliction
of emotional distress, and left intact his claims for defamation, and wrongful use of civil process. Management believes
that the Company has good defenses to all of Babul s claims, and that the outcome of the Babul litigation, even
if unfavorable, would not materially affect the Company s operations,  financial position, or cash flows of the Company.
However, litigation is an inherently uncertain process, and there can be no assurances with respect to either the outcome or
the consequences of this litigation.  

Proceeding with Laidlaw:  On December 9, 2015,
Relmada filed a lawsuit in the U.S. District Court for the District of Nevada (the  Court ) against Laidlaw   Company
(UK) Ltd. and its two principals, Matthew Eitner and James Ahern (collectively, the  Defendants ), Relmada Therapeutics,
Inc. v. Laidlaw   Company (UK) Ltd., et al. (Case No. 15-cv-2338) (the  Lawsuit ). The Lawsuit alleges that the
press release issued by the Defendants on December 4, 2015, which was subsequently filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
( SEC ) on Schedule 14A, contained materially misleading proxy statements regarding, among other things, Defendants 
ability to nominate directors at Relmada s December 30, 2015 annual stockholders  meeting (the  Meeting ),
in violation of Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and SEC Rule 14a-9. Relmada sought a temporary restraining
order and preliminary injunction to enjoin the Defendants from continuing to disseminate false and misleading proxy statements.  

 On December 10, 2015, the Court issued a temporary
restraining order and associated injunction to enjoin the Defendants from  continuing to disseminate false and misleading
proxy materials  and require that Defendants, among other things,  immediately must retract or correct its false and
misleading proxy materials  (the  Temporary Restraining Order ). The Temporary Restraining Order was set to expire
on December 22, 2015, when the parties were scheduled to appear for a hearing before the Court. 

 On December 16, 2015, the Defendants filed an answer
in response to the Lawsuit as well as a counterclaim against Relmada and its Board of Directors (the  Counterclaim ).
The Counterclaim alleges that (i) Relmada has disseminated materially false and misleading proxy statements concerning Defendants 
previous actions and conduct, in violation of Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and SEC Rule 14a-9, and (ii)
members of Relmada s Board of Directors breached their fiduciary duties by, among other things, approving certain changes
to Relmada s stockholder election procedures. The Counterclaim sought the dissolution of the Temporary Restraining Order
and injunctive relief that would postpone the Meeting.  

 On December 22, 2015, after a hearing before the Court,
the Court entered the Company s requested preliminary injunction, ordering the Defendants to continue to comply with similar
terms to the Temporary Restraining Order (the  Preliminary Injunction Order ). The Preliminary Injunction Order will
remain in place pending a full trial on the merits.  

 On February 18, 2016, Relmada filed an amended complaint
in connection with the Lawsuit. The amended complaint includes an additional legal claim based on the Defendants  breach
of the fiduciary duty that they owed to Relmada when the Defendants disclosed and mischaracterized confidential information that
they acquired in their capacity as Relmada s investment banker. Relmada is also seeking monetary damages arising from fees
and costs that it incurred responding to the Defendants  false and misleading proxy materials in December 2015. 

 On April 4, 2016, Laidlaw filed a motion to dismiss
Relmada s amended complaint. On April 15, 2016, Relmada filed a partial motion to dismiss the Counterclaim and Laidlaw filed
a motion to transfer venue to the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York. Relmada s motion to dismiss
was mooted by stipulation. 

Relmada
Therapeutics, Inc.   

   Notes
to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements   

NOTE
10 - COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (continued)   

On September 6, 2016, Relmada moved for leave to amend
the complaint for a second time to allege additional claims against Defendants, including defamation/business disparagement, defamation
per se, tortious interference with prospective economic advantage, violations of sections 1962(c) and 1962(d) of the Racketeer
Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act, and violation of Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5
thereunder. The Court granted Relmada s motion to amend on September 27, 2016, which mooted the pending motion to dismiss
the amended complaint. Shortly thereafter, on September 29, 2016, the Court granted Defendants  motion to transfer venue
to the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York (the  SDNY Court ). Relmada filed its second amended
complaint on or about October 5, 2016, the same date on which the Lawsuit was officially transferred to the SDNY Court. 

The SDNY Court held an initial pretrial conference on October
21, 2016 during which it set a briefing schedule for Defendants  contemplated motion to dismiss. Pursuant to the schedule,
the briefing on the motion to dismiss is expected to be completed by January 6, 2017. During the conference, Defendants 
counsel represented that Defendants have no outstanding counterclaims against Relmada at this time. 

Litigation is an inherently uncertain process, and there can be no assurances with respect to either the outcome or the consequences
of this litigation. The Company recorded no contingent liability or expense  associated with litigation during the three months
ended September 30, 2016. 

Leases
and Sublease   

On
October 1, 2015, the Company commenced a lease with a term of seven years and three months for office space in a building in New
York City. Rent expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease. Accordingly, rent expense recognized
in excess of rent paid is reflected as a liability in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Rent expense for the three
months ended September 30, 2016 was $82,461.  

Contractual
Obligations   

The
following tables sets forth our contractual obligations for the next five years and thereafter:  

On March 10, 2016 and effective as of January 1, 2016, Relmada
entered into an Office Space License Agreement with Actinium,
with whom we share two common board members, for office space located at 275 Madison Avenue, 7th Floor, New York, NY 10016. The
term of the License is three years from the effective date, with an automatic renewal provision. The cost of the License is approximately
$16,620 per month for Actinium, subject to customary escalations and adjustments. 

Letter
Of Credit   

The
Company has an outstanding letter of credit of approximately $392,600 in connection with the Company s New York City corporate
office lease. The letter of credit is secured by a restricted certificate of deposit in the same amount which is included in other
assets at September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016. On the second anniversary of the lease commencement date, the letter of credit
will be reduced to approximately $234,400. In October 2022, the letter of credit will be reduced to approximately $156,000.   

ITEM
    2.   
       MANAGEMENT S
    DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATION    

FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENT NOTICE   

This
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (this  Report ) contains forward looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties,
principally in the sections entitled  Description of Business,   Risk Factors,  and  Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.  All statements other than statements of historical
fact contained in this Quarterly Report, including statements regarding future events, our future financial performance, business
strategy and plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. We have attempted to identify
forward-looking statements by terminology including  anticipates,   believes,   can,   continue, 
 could,   estimates,   expects,   intends,   may,   plans, 
 potential,   predicts,   should,  or  will  or the negative of these terms or
other comparable terminology. Although we do not make forward-looking statements unless we believe we have a reasonable basis
for doing so, we cannot guarantee their accuracy. These statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties
and other factors, including the risks outlined under  Risk Factors  or elsewhere in this Quarterly Report, which
may cause our or our industry s actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by
these forward-looking statements. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks emerge
from time to time and it is not possible for us to predict all risk factors, nor can we address the impact of all factors on our
business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause our actual results to differ materially from
those contained in any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements included in this document are based on information
available to us on the date hereof, and we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements.  

You
should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statement, each of which applies only as of the date of this Quarterly
Report on Form-10-Q. Before you invest in our securities, you should be aware that the occurrence of the events described in the
section entitled  Risk Factors  and elsewhere in this Quarterly Report could negatively affect our business, operating
results, financial condition and stock price. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update or revise publicly
any of the forward-looking statements after the date of this Quarterly Report on Form-10-Q to conform our statements to actual
results or changed expectations.  

BUSINESS
OVERVIEW   

Relmada
Therapeutics is a clinical-stage, publicly traded biotechnology company developing new chemical entities (NCEs) together with
novel versions of proven drug products that potentially address areas of high unmet medical need in the treatment of central nervous
system (CNS) diseases - primarily depression and chronic pain. The Company has a diversified portfolio of four products at various
stages of development, including d-Methadone (dextromethadone, REL-1017), an N-methyl-D-aspartate (NMDA) receptor antagonist for
treating depression and neuropathic pain; LevoCap ER (REL-1015), an abuse resistant, sustained release dosage form of the opioid
analgesic levorphanol; BuTab (oral buprenorphine, REL-1028), an oral dosage form of the opioid analgesic buprenorphine; and MepiGel
(topical mepivacaine, REL-1021), an orphan drug designated topical formulation of the local anesthetic mepivacaine.  

Our
lead product candidate, d-Methadone, is a NCE being developed as a rapidly acting, oral agent for the treatment of depression,
neuropathic pain, and/or other potential CNS pathological conditions. We have completed Phase I single and multiple ascending
dose studies and have confirmed safety, tolerability, and dose range for a planned Phase II program in treatment-resistant depression
(TRD).  

In
addition to the clinical development of d-Methadone, we are focused on advancing three additional products combining proven drug
candidates with novel delivery methods to create new drugs and/or indications through the 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway. Product
development plans for several of our products, such as LevoCap ER and BuTab, require the completion of a relatively small Phase
I program before entering Phase III pivotal clinical trials using the 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway, subject to U.S. Food and Drug
Administration (FDA) approval.  

We
believe that our CNS-centric pipeline is diversified by mechanism of action, development stage, and regulatory strategy, which
mitigates risk while offering significant upside. Our highly experienced drug development leadership and world-class scientific
and business advisors provide the expertise to efficiently advance product development.  

Our
four development projects are briefly described below:  

d-Methadone
(dextromethadone, REL-1017)   

Background   

In
2014, the National Institute of Mental Health (NIMH) estimated that 15.7 million adults aged 18 or older in the United States
had at least one major depressive episode in the past year. According to data from nationally representative surveys supported
by NIMH, only about half of Americans diagnosed with major depression in a given year receive treatment. Of those receiving treatment
with as many as four different standard antidepressants, 33% of drug-treated depression patients do not achieve adequate therapeutic
benefits according to the Sequenced Treatment Alternatives to Relieve Depression (STAR*D) trial published in the American Journal
of Psychiatry. Accordingly, we believe that approximately 3 million patients with such treatment-resistant depression are in need
of new treatment options.  

In
addition to the high failure rate, none of the marketed products for depression can demonstrate rapid antidepressant effects and
most of the products take up to a month to show effectiveness. The urgent need for improved, faster acting antidepressant treatments
is underscored by the fact that severe depression can be life-threatening, due to heightened risk of suicide.  

Recent
studies have shown that ketamine, a drug known previously as an anesthetic, can lift depression in many patients within hours.
However, it is unlikely that ketamine itself will become a practical treatment for most cases of depression. It must be administered
through intravenous infusion, requiring a hospital setting, and more importantly can potentially trigger adverse side effects
including psychedelic symptoms (hallucinations, memory defects, panic attacks), nausea/vomiting, somnolence, cardiovascular stimulation
and, in a minority of patients, hepatoxicity. Ketamine also hasn t been thoroughly studied for long-term safety and effectiveness,
and the FDA hasn t approved it to treat depression.  

d-Methadone
Overview and Mechanism of Action   

d-Methadone s
mechanism of action, as a non-competitive NMDA channel blocker or antagonist, is fundamentally differentiated from all currently
FDA-approved antidepressants, as well as all atypical antipsychotics used adjunctively with standard, FDA-approved antidepressants.
Working through the same brain mechanisms as ketamine but potentially lacking its adverse side effects, Relmada s d-Methadone
is being developed as a rapidly acting, oral agent for the treatment of depression, neuropathic pain, and/or other potential CNS
pathological conditions.  

In
chemistry an enantiomer, also known as an optical isomer, is one of two stereoisomers that are mirror images of each other that
are non-superposable (not identical), much as one s left and right hands are the same except for being reversed along one
axis. A racemic compound, or racemate, is one that has equal amounts of left- and right-handed enantiomers of a chiral molecule.
For racemic drugs, often only one of a drug s enantiomers is responsible for the desired physiologic effects, while the
other enantiomer is less active or inactive.  

Racemic
methadone has been used since the 1950s as a treatment for opioid addiction and has remained the primary therapy for this condition
for more than 40 years. Recently, methadone has been used to manage cancer pain and other chronic pain states. Methadone is a
highly lipophilic molecule that is suitable for a variety of administration routes, with oral bioavailability close to 80% compared
with 26% for morphine.  

As
a single isomer of racemic methadone, d-Methadone has been shown to possess NMDA antagonist properties with virtually no traditional
opioid or ketamine-like adverse events at the expected therapeutic doses. In contrast, racemic methadone is associated with common
opioid side effects that include anxiety, nervousness, restlessness, sleep problems (insomnia), nausea, vomiting, constipation,
diarrhea, drowsiness, and others. It has been shown that the left (levo) isomer, l-Methadone, is largely responsible for methadone s
opioid activity, while the right (dextro) isomer, d-Methadone, is much less active as an opioid while maintaining affinity for
the NMDA receptor.  

NMDA
receptors are present in many parts of the central nervous system and play important roles in neuronal plasticity and other functions
that are important for cognitive functions such as learning and memory. They also contribute to the maladaptive plasticity, which
results in neuropathic pain. Based on these premises, d-Methadone is potentially a platform that could be developed and could
show benefits in several different indications.  

d-Methadone Phase I Clinical Safety Studies  

Summary   

The safety data from two Company-funded d-Methadone Phase
I clinical safety studies and a third study conducted by researchers at Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center indicate that d-Methadone
was safe and well tolerated in both healthy subjects and cancer patients at all projected therapeutic doses tested. 

In
November 2014, Health Canada approved a Clinical Trial Application ( CTA ) to conduct the first Phase I study with
d-Methadone. This was a Single Ascending Dose ( SAD ) study and was followed by a Multiple Ascending Dose ( MAD )
study, both in healthy volunteers. The two studies were designed to assess the safety, tolerability and pharmacokinetics of d-Methadone
in healthy, opioid-na ve subjects. The SAD study included single escalating oral doses of d-Methadone to determine the maximum
tolerated dose, defined as the highest dose devoid of significant opioid- or ketamine-like adverse events. In the MAD study, healthy
subjects received daily oral doses of d-Methadone for several days to assess its safety, pharmacokinetics and tolerability. In
March 2015, we reported that d-Methadone demonstrated a safe profile with no dose limiting side effects after four cohorts were
exposed to increasing higher doses. In April 2015, the Company received clearance from Health Canada to continue with dose escalation
and explore even higher single doses of d-Methadone. In June 2015, the Company successfully completed the SAD study and subsequently
received a No Objection Letter (NOL) from Health Canada to conduct the MAD clinical study in August 2015. The MAD study was completed
in January 2016 and the results successfully demonstrated a potential therapeutic dosing regimen for d-Methadone with a favorable
side effect and tolerability profile. The data from these studies will inform the design of a subsequent Phase II proof-of-concept
study in patients with depression and/or other suitable indications.  

d-Methadone
In Vivo Study for Depression   

In
May 2016, we announced the results of an in vivo study showing that administration of d-Methadone results in antidepressant-like
effects in a well-validated treatment model, known as the forced swim test (FST), providing preclinical support for its potential
as a novel treatment of depression.  

According
to the Journal of Visualized Experiments, the FST is based on the assumption that when placing an animal in a container filled
with water, it will first make efforts to escape by swimming or climbing, but eventually will exhibit  immobility 
that may be considered to reflect a measure of behavioral despair. This test has been extensively used because it involves the
exposure of the animals to stress, which was shown to have a role in the tendency for major depression. Additionally, the FST
has been shown to share some of the factors that are influenced or altered by depression in humans, including changes in food
consumption and sleep abnormalities. The main advantages of this procedure are that it is relatively easy to perform and that
its results are easily and quickly analyzed. Importantly, the FST s sensitivity to a broad range of antidepressant drugs
makes it a suitable screening test and is one of the most important features leading to its high predictive validity.  

In
the Company s FST study, male Sprague Dawley rats were administered single doses of placebo, ketamine, or d-Methadone on
day one (after habituation; 24 hours prior to forced swim testing). At all doses tested, d-Methadone significantly decreased immobility
of the rats compared to the placebo, suggesting antidepressant-like activity. In addition, the effect of d-Methadone on immobility
at the two highest doses tested was larger than the effect seen with ketamine. Moreover, the effects of d-Methadone in the forced
swim test were not caused by a stimulant effect on spontaneous locomotor activity of the rats. Locomotor activity of lab animals
is often monitored to assess the behavioral effects of drugs.  

A
separate in vitro electrophysiology study of d-Methadone was conducted using 2 subtypes of cloned human NMDA receptors. The results
of this study demonstrated functional antagonist activity with d-Methadone comparable to that of both racemic ketamine and the
isomer [S]-ketamine.  

Planned Phase II Program for d-Methadone  

Combined with the results of our Phase I studies, the encouraging
results of in vivo and in vitro studies support our belief that d-Methadone warrants further evaluation in a Phase II program
as a rapidly acting, oral agent for the treatment of depression. Relmada expects to file its first Investigational New Drug ( IND )
application for the Phase II program with the FDA before the end of December 2016. Upon completion of the FDA's review of the
IND, the Company expects to initiate the Phase IIa portion of the trial during the first half of 2017 with topline results available
by the end of 2017. 

LevoCap
ER (REL-1015)   

Our
most-advanced novel version of a proven drug product, LevoCap ER (REL-1015), is an extended release, abuse deterrent, and proprietary
formulation of levorphanol (levo-3-hydroxy-N-methyl-morphinan), a unique, broad spectrum opioid with additional  non-opioid 
mechanisms of action. In particular, levorphanol binds to all three opioid receptor subtypes involved in analgesia (mu, kappa,
and delta), the NMDA receptor, and the norepinephrine and serotonin reuptake pumps, whereas morphine, oxycodone, hydrocodone,
and other opioids are highly selective for the mu receptor subtype. Due to its multi-modal mechanism of action, levorphanol could
achieve analgesia in patients resistant to other strong opioids. In clinical studies, levorphanol has demonstrated a remarkably
broad spectrum of analgesic activity against many different types of pain including neuropathic pain, post-surgical pain, and
chronic pain in patients refractory to other opioids. To our knowledge, the analgesic tapentadol (Nucynta ) is the only other
commercially available, multimodal opioid with non-opioid analgesic benefits. However, in contrast to levorphanol s strong
opioid effects, tapentadol is a low affinity mu opioid receptor agonist and a norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor.  

Levorphanol
is a potent opioid analgesic first introduced in the U.S. around 1953 for the treatment of moderate to severe pain where an opioid
analgesic is appropriate. It is currently available as an immediate release (short-acting opioid), non-abuse deterrent formulation
through Sentynl Therapeutics, Inc. However, extended-release (long-acting opioid) agents may be preferable due to better patient
adherence, less dose-watching, and result in improved sleep.  

Both
immediate- and extended-release opioids can potentially be crushed to produce concentrated drug with greater appeal to abusers.
Intentional crushing or extracting the active ingredient from the extended-release dosage form by addicts and recreational drug
users can destroy the timed-release mechanism and result in a rapid surge of drug into the bloodstream for the purpose of achieving
a high or euphoric feeling. Serious side effects and death have been reported from such misuse.  

LevoCap
ER is the first product candidate utilizing SECUREL , Relmada s proprietary abuse deterrent extended release technology
for opioid drugs. SECUREL dosage forms cannot be easily crushed for inhalation or to obtain rapid euphoria from high blood levels
when swallowed. It is also exceedingly difficult for intravenous abusers to extract the active drug from the dosage form using
common solvents, including alcohol.  

Relmada
is developing LevoCap ER under the 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway. We have submitted a meeting request to the FDA to discuss the
Phase III clinical plan for LevoCap ER.  

BuTab
(REL-1028)   

Our
second-most-advanced novel version of a proven drug product, BuTab (REL-1028), represents novel formulations of oral, modified
release buprenorphine as a potential therapeutic for both chronic pain and opioid dependence. Buprenorphine has been widely used
by the sublingual and transdermal routes of administration, but was believed to be ineffective by the oral route because of poor
oral bioavailability. We have completed a preclinical program to better define the pharmacokinetic profile of BuTab and to assess
the time course of systemic absorption of buprenorphine using several different oral modified release formulations of buprenorphine
in dogs, compared to an intravenous administration. Based on the results of this work, we obtained approval from Health Canada
and initiated a Phase I pharmacokinetic study in healthy volunteers in the second quarter of 2015. This trial was completed in
the fourth quarter of 2015. The absolute bioavailability of BuTab relative to intravenous (IV) administration exceeded published
data with non-modified buprenorphine when administered orally and compares favorably with a currently marketed transdermal buprenorphine
patch. There were no safety or tolerability issues. The data generated by this study will guide formulation optimization and inform
the design of subsequent clinical pharmacology studies.  

MepiGel
(REL-1021)   

MepiGel
(REL-1021) is a proprietary topical dosage form of the local anesthetic mepivacaine for the treatment of painful peripheral
neuropathies, such as painful diabetic neuropathy, PHN, and painful HIV-associated neuropathy. Mepivacaine is an anesthetic
(numbing medicine) that blocks the nerve impulses that send pain signals to the brain. It is chemically related to
bupivacaine but pharmacologically related to lidocaine. Mepivacaine is currently indicated for infiltration, nerve block and
epidural anesthesia. Relmada has received two FDA Orphan Drug Designations for mepivacaine, one each for  the treatment
of painful HIV-associated neuropathy  and for  the management of postherpetic neuralgia,  or PHN. We have
selected the formulations to be advanced into clinical studies for MepiGel after the evaluation of results from in vitro and
ex vivo studies comparing various topical prototypes of mepivacaine that were conducted by MedPharm Ltd, a specialist
formulation development company recognized internationally for its expertise in topical and transdermal products. Multiple
toxicology studies were successfully conducted and completed in 2015.  

Results
of Operations    

For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 versus September
30, 2015  

Research and Development Expense  

Research and development expense for the three months ended September
30, 2016 was approximately $364,000 compared to approximately $2,865,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2015, a decrease
of approximately $2,501,000. The decrease was driven by lower clinical trial expenses of $2,400,000, and a decrease in R D
salaries and outside services of approximately $100,000. 

General and Administrative Expense   

General and administrative expense for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 was approximately $1,252,000 compared to approximately $1,764,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2015,
a decrease of approximately $512,000. The reduction largely resulted from a decrease in legal expenses associated with the
litigation proceeding with Laidlaw and outside services of approximately $350,000 and a decrease in investor relations expenses
of approximately $130,000.  

Other Income (Expense)   

The change in the fair value of derivative liabilities was a
non-cash unrealized loss of approximately $80,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to a non-cash unrealized
gain of $9,293,000 for the comparable period in 2015. The derivative liability will decrease when warrants are exercised,
expire or when the anti-dilution feature is eliminated. The anti-dilution feature is eliminated when the Company is up-listed to
a National Exchange (NYSE or NASDAQ). The derivative liabilities are affected by factors that are subject to significant fluctuations
and are not under the Company s control. Therefore, the resulting effect upon our net income or loss is subject to significant
fluctuations and will continue to be subject to significant fluctuations until the derivatives are reduced to zero, expire or are
exercised. The accounting guidance applicable to these warrants requires the Company (assuming all other inputs to the pricing
model remain constant) to record a non-cash loss when the Company s stock price is rising and to record non-cash income when
the Company s stock price is decreasing. 

Net (Loss) Income per Common Share   

The net (loss) income
for the Company for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was approximately $(1,641,000) and $4,663,000, respectively.
The Company had basic and diluted net loss per common share of $(0.14) per share for the three months ended September 30, 2016.
For the three months ended September 30, 2015, the Company had basic and diluted net income per common share of $0.43 and $0.36,
respectively. 

Liquidity   

To date, we have financed our operations primarily through
issuance of common stock and warrants and subordinated debt (converted to common stock). Since our inception, we have not generated
any product revenue and do not anticipate generating any revenues for the foreseeable future. We have incurred losses from inception
to September 30, 2016 of approximately $80,738,000. We have generated negative cash flows from operations since inception. We expect
to incur additional expenses over the next several years developing our products. 

We will need to raise additional funds in order to continue
our clinical trials. Insufficient funds may cause us to delay, reduce the scope of or eliminate one or more of our development
programs. We anticipate that with our cash and cash equivalents on hand at September 30, 2016 of approximately $6,222,000, the
Company can fund future operations until the end of calendar year 2017. Our future capital needs and the adequacy of our available
funds will depend on many factors, including the cost of clinical studies and other actions needed to obtain regulatory approval
of our products in development. If additional funds are required, we may raise such funds from time to time through public or
private sales of equity or debt securities or from bank or other loans or through strategic research and development, or licensing.
Financing may not be available on acceptable terms, or at all, and our failure to raise capital when needed could materially adversely
impact our growth plans and our financial condition or results of operations. Additional equity financing, if available, may be
dilutive to our shareholders. 

On
October 2, 2015, we filed a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (the  Registration Statement ).  The
Registration Statement has not been declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission. This Registration Statement
contained two prospectuses: (i) a base prospectus which covers the offering, issuance and sale by the Company of up to $200,000,000
of its common stock, preferred stock, warrants and/or units; and (ii) a sales agreement prospectus covering the offering, issuance
and sale by us of up to a maximum aggregate offering price of $75,000,000 of its common stock that may be issued and sold under
a sales agreement (the  Sales Agreement ) with Cantor Fitzgerald   Co ( CF ). The Company cannot access
any funds until the Company is up-listed to a National Stock Exchange.  

Effects
of Inflation   

Our
assets are primarily monetary, consisting of cash and cash equivalents. Because of their liquidity, these assets are not directly
affected by inflation. Because we intend to retain and continue to use our equipment, we believe that the incremental inflation
related to replacement costs of such items will not materially affect our operations. However, the rate of inflation affects our
expenses, such as those for employee compensation and contract services, which could increase our level of expenses and the rate
at which we use our resources.  

The following table sets forth selected cash flow information
for the periods indicated below: 

For the three months ended September 30, 2016, cash used
in operating activities was $2,144,487 primarily due to the loss from operations for the three months ended September 30, 2016
of $1,616,596 and a decrease in both accounts payable and accrued expenses, partially offset by non-cash item including stock-based
compensation expenses and depreciation expense. 

For the three months ended September 30, 2015, cash used
in operating activities was $3,215,909 primarily due to the loss from operations for the three months ended September 30, 2015
of $4,629,599, and the change in the fair value of derivative liabilities partially offset by non-cash items including stock-based
compensation expenses, common stock issued for services and depreciation expense. 

For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 cash
used in investing activities was $24,827 and $1,310 respectively due to purchases of fixed assets. 

Net cash used in financing activities for the three months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $109,234 and $87,304 respectively. The payments were related to a note for directors 
and officers  insurance policy.  

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements   

As part of our ongoing business, we do not participate in transactions
that generate relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, such as entities often referred to as structured
finance or special purpose entities (SPEs), which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet
arrangements or other contractually limited purposes. As of September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016, we were not involved in any
SPE transactions. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates   

A
critical accounting policy is one that is both important to the portrayal of a company s financial condition and results
of operations and requires management s most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, often as a result of the need to
make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain.  

Our
unaudited consolidated financial statements are presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and all applicable U.S. GAAP accounting
standards effective as of September 30, 2016 have been taken into consideration in preparing the unaudited consolidated financial
statements. The preparation of unaudited consolidated financial statements requires estimates and assumptions that affect the
reported amounts of assets, liabilities, expenses and related disclosures. Some of those estimates are subjective and complex,
and, consequently, actual results could differ from those estimates. The following accounting policies and estimates have been
highlighted as significant because changes to certain judgments and assumptions inherent in these policies could affect our consolidated
financial statements:  

Research
    and development expenses,   

Stock-based
    compensation expenses; and   

Fair
    value of derivative liabilities   

We
base our estimates, to the extent possible, on historical experience. Historical information is modified as appropriate based
on current business factors and various assumptions that we believe are necessary to form a basis for making judgments about the
carrying value of assets and liabilities. We evaluate our estimates on an on-going basis and make changes when necessary. Actual
results could differ from our estimates.  

ITEM 3.   
       QUANTITATIVE
    AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK.    

There have been no material changes to our exposures to market
risks as disclosed under the heading  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risks  in the annual MD A
contained in our Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2016 except below. 

Sales
of the our common stock through Cantor Fitzgerald   Co. ( CF ), if any, will be made on a National Exchange such
as NASDAQ or the NYSE MKT LLC, on any other existing trading market for the common stock or to or through a market maker. Subject
to the terms and conditions of the Sales Agreement. CF will use commercially reasonable efforts to sell our common stock from
time to time, based upon our instructions (including any price, time or size limits or other customary parameters or conditions
we may impose). We will pay to CF in cash, upon the sale of common stock pursuant to the Sales Agreement, an amount equal to 3.0%
of the gross proceeds from the sale of common stock.  We have also provided CF with customary indemnification rights.  

ITEM 4.   
       CONTROLS
    AND PROCEDURES    

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures   

We
carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive
officer and principal financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures,
as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the   Exchange
Act  ). Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure
that information required to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated
and communicated to the issuer s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons
performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based upon our evaluation,
our Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures
are effective as of September 30, 2016, in ensuring that material information that we are required to disclose in reports that
we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in
the Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms.  

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting   

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under
the Exchange Act, during the three months ended September 30, 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to
materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  

PART
II OTHER INFORMATION   

ITEM 1.   
       LEGAL
    PROCEEDINGS    

Legal   

From time to time, the Company may become involved in various lawsuits
and legal proceedings, which arise in the ordinary course of business.  Litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties, and
an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm business.  Except as disclosed below,
the Company is currently not aware of any such legal proceedings or claims that will have, individually or in the aggregate, a
material adverse effect on its business, financial condition or operating results. 

Legal Proceedings  

Lawsuit Brought by a Former Officer:  In 2014, Relmada dismissed
with prejudice its lawsuit against Najib Babul, which had sought to compel Mr. Babul, Relmada s former President, to account
for questionable expenditures of Relmada funds made while Babul controlled the Company. Relmada s decision to surrender its
claims was informed by the fact that Babul came forward with plausible explanations for some of the expenditures, and the fact
that, because Babul was a former officer and director of Relmada being sued for his conduct in office, the Company was required
to advance his expenses of the litigation; hence, Relmada was paying all the lawyers and consultants on both sides of the dispute.
Relmada also agreed to reinstate certain stock purchase warrants in Babul s name, which had been cancelled during the pendency
of the litigation, and offered Babul the right to exchange his shares in RTI for shares in the Company. 

Babul has brought a second lawsuit against Relmada. Ruling
on Relmada s motion, the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania dismissed
Babul s claims for breach of contract and intentional infliction of emotional distress, and left intact his claims for
defamation, and wrongful use of civil process. Management believes that the Company has good defenses to all of Babul s
claims, and that the outcome of the Babul litigation, even if unfavorable, would not materially affect the Company s
operations, financial position, or cash flows of the Company. However, litigation is an inherently uncertain process, and there can
be no assurances with respect to either the outcome or the consequences of this litigation. 

Proceeding with Laidlaw:  On December 9, 2015, Relmada
filed a lawsuit in the U.S. District Court for the District of Nevada (the  Court ) against Laidlaw   Company (UK)
Ltd. and its two principals, Matthew Eitner and James Ahern (collectively, the  Defendants ), Relmada Therapeutics,
Inc. v. Laidlaw   Company (UK) Ltd., et al. (Case No. 15-cv-2338) (the  Lawsuit ). The Lawsuit alleges that the
press release issued by the Defendants on December 4, 2015, which was subsequently filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
( SEC ) on Schedule 14A, contained materially misleading proxy statements regarding, among other things, Defendants 
ability to nominate directors at Relmada s December 30, 2015 annual stockholders  meeting (the  Meeting ),
in violation of Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and SEC Rule 14a-9. Relmada sought a temporary restraining
order and preliminary injunction to enjoin the Defendants from continuing to disseminate false and misleading proxy statements.  

On December 10, 2015, the Court issued a temporary restraining
order and associated injunction to enjoin the Defendants from  continuing to disseminate false and misleading proxy materials 
and require that Defendants, among other things,  immediately must retract or correct its false and misleading proxy materials 
(the  Temporary Restraining Order ). The Temporary Restraining Order was set to expire on December 22, 2015, when the
parties were scheduled to appear for a hearing before the Court. 

On December 16, 2015, the Defendants filed an answer in response
to the Lawsuit as well as a counterclaim against Relmada and its Board of Directors (the  Counterclaim ). The Counterclaim
alleges that (i) Relmada has disseminated materially false and misleading proxy statements concerning Defendants  previous
actions and conduct, in violation of Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and SEC Rule 14a-9, and (ii) members
of Relmada s Board of Directors breached their fiduciary duties by, among other things, approving certain changes to Relmada s
stockholder election procedures. The Counterclaim sought the dissolution of the Temporary Restraining Order and injunctive relief
that would postpone the Meeting.  

On December 22, 2015, after a hearing before the Court, the
Court entered the Company s requested preliminary injunction, ordering the Defendants to continue to comply with similar
terms to the Temporary Restraining Order (the  Preliminary Injunction Order ). The Preliminary Injunction Order will
remain in place pending a full trial on the merits.  

On February 18, 2016, Relmada filed an amended complaint in
connection with the Lawsuit. The amended complaint includes an additional legal claim based on the Defendants  breach of
the fiduciary duty that they owed to Relmada when the Defendants disclosed and mischaracterized confidential information that they
acquired in their capacity as Relmada s investment banker. Relmada is also seeking monetary damages arising from fees and
costs that it incurred responding to the Defendants  false and misleading proxy materials in December 2015. 

On April 4, 2016, Laidlaw filed a motion to dismiss Relmada s
amended complaint. On April 15, 2016, Relmada filed a partial motion to dismiss the Counterclaim and Laidlaw filed a motion to
transfer venue to the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York. Relmada s motion to dismiss was mooted
by stipulation. 

ITEM 1.   
       LEGAL PROCEEDINGS (continued)    

On September 6, 2016, Relmada moved for leave to amend the complaint
for a second time to allege additional claims against Defendants, including defamation/business disparagement, defamation per
se, tortious interference with prospective economic advantage, violations of sections 1962(c) and 1962(d) of the Racketeer Influenced
and Corrupt Organizations Act, and violation of Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder.
The Court granted Relmada s motion to amend on September 27, 2016, which mooted the pending motion to dismiss the amended
complaint. Shortly thereafter, on September 29, 2016, the Court granted Defendants  motion to transfer venue to the U.S.
District Court for the Southern District of New York (the  SDNY Court ). Relmada filed its second amended complaint
on or about October 5, 2016, the same date on which the Lawsuit was officially transferred to the SDNY Court. 

The SDNY Court held an initial pretrial conference on October
21, 2016 during which it set a briefing schedule for Defendants  contemplated motion to dismiss. Pursuant to the schedule,
the briefing on the motion to dismiss is expected to be completed by January 6, 2017. During the conference, Defendants 
counsel represented that Defendants have no outstanding counterclaims against Relmada at this time. 

Litigation is an inherently
uncertain process, and there can be no assurances with respect to either the outcome or the consequences of this litigation. The
Company recorded no contingent liability or expense associated with litigation during the three months ended September 30, 2016. 

ITEM 1A.   
       RISK
    FACTORS    

There
have been no material changes to the risk factors under Part I, Item 1A of our Form 10-K for the year ended June
30, 2016.  

ITEM 2.   
       UNREGISTERED
    SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS.    

None. 

ITEM 3.   
       DEFAULTS
    UPON SENIOR SECURITIES.    

None.  

ITEM 4.   
       MINE
    SAFETY DISCLOSURES    

Not
applicable.  

ITEM 5.   
       OTHER
    INFORMATION    

None.  

ITEM 6.   
       EXHIBITS    

Copies
of the following documents are included as exhibits to this report pursuant to Item 601 of Regulation S-K  

Exhibit
    No.   
         
       Title
    of Document   
         
       Location    

31.1  
         
      Certification
    of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  
         
      Attached   

31.2  
         
      Certification
    of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  
         
      Attached   

32.1  
         
      Certification
    of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
    of 2002*  
         
      Attached   

32.2  
         
      Certification
    of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
    Act of 2002*  
         
      Attached   

101.SCH  
         
      XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Schema Document  
         
      Attached   

101.CAL  
         
      XBRL
    Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document  
         
      Attached   

101.DEF  
         
      XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document  
         
      Attached   

101.LAB  
         
      XBRL
    Taxonomy Label Linkbase Document  
         
      Attached   

101.PRE  
         
      XBRL
    Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase Document  
         
      Attached   

*  
      The Exhibit attached to this Form 10-Q shall not be
deemed  filed  for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the  Exchange Act ) or otherwise
subject to liability under that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing.   

SIGNATURES   

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.  

Date:
    November 10, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/
    Sergio Traversa   

Sergio
    Traversa   

Chief
    Executive Officer   

(Duly
                                         Authorized Executive Officer and  
          Principal
        Executive Officer)    

By:  
      /s/
    Michael Becker   

Michael
    Becker   

Chief
    Financial Officer   

(Duly
                                         Authorized Officer and  
          Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)    

25  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 f10q0916ex31i_relmada.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1  

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF 

 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Sergio Traversa, certify that: 

1. 
     I have reviewed this Form 10-Q of Relmada Therapeutics, Inc.;  

2. 
     Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not  misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  

3. 
     Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods present in this report;  

4. 
     I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13-a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

a) 
     Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision , to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

b) 
     Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial  reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

c) 
     Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  

d) 
     Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financing reporting that occurred  during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control  over financial reporting; and  

5. 
     I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  

a) 
     All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  

b) 
     Any fraud, whether or not material, that involved management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  

Relmada Therapeutics, Inc. 

By: 
     /s/ Sergio Traversa 

Sergio Traversa 

Chief Executive Officer 
         (Principal Executive Officer)  

November 10, 2016 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 f10q0916ex31ii_relmada.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2   

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL AND ACCOUNTING OFFICER  

  PURSUANT
TO  

  18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF  

  THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

I,
Michael Becker certify that:  

1.  
      I
    have reviewed this Form 10-Q of Relmada Therapeutics, Inc.;   

2.  
      Based
    on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact  necessary
    to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not  misleading with
    respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based
    on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
    material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the  periods
    present in this report;   

4.  
      I
    am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
    and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13-a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for
    the registrant and have:   

a)  
      Designed
    such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be  designed under our
    supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries is made
    known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in  which this report is being prepared;   

b)  
      Designed
    such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
    our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting  and the preparation
    of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principals;   

c)  
      Evaluated
    the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
    about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based
    on such evaluation; and   

d)  
      Disclosed
    in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financing reporting that occurred during the registrant s
    most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual  report) that has materially
    affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
    and   

5.  
      I
    have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
    auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  
      All
    significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
    are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
    information; and   

b)  
      Any
    fraud, whether or not material, that involved management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
    internal control over financial reporting.   

Relmada
    Therapeutics, Inc.  

By:  
      /s/
    Michael Becker  

Michael
        Becker  
          Chief
        Financial Officer   

(Principal
    Financial and Accounting Officer)  

November
10, 2016  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 f10q0916ex32i_relmada.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1   

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  

  PURSUANT
TO  

  18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

In connection
with the Quarterly Report of Relmada Therapeutics, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the three months ended September
30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Sergio Traversa,
Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:  

1.  
      The Report
    fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and   

2.  
      The information contained
    in the Quarterly Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the consolidated financial condition and results of consolidated
    operations of the Company.   

Relmada
    Therapeutics, Inc.  

By:  
      /s/
    Sergio Traversa  

Sergio
    Traversa  

Chief
        Executive Officer  
          (Principal
        Executive Officer)   

November
10, 2016  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 f10q0916ex32ii_relmada.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
32.2   

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL AND ACCOUNTING OFFICER  

  PURSUANT
TO  

  18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

In connection
with the Quarterly Report of Relmada Therapeutics, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the three months ended September
30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Michael Becker,
Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:  

1.  
      The
    Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended;
    and   

2.  
      The information
    contained in the Quarterly Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the consolidated financial condition and results
    of operations of the Company.   

Relmada
    Therapeutics, Inc.  

By:  
      /s/
    Michael Becker  

Michael
    Becker  

Chief
        Financial Officer  
          (Principal
        Financial and Accounting Officer)   

November
10, 2016  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 rlmd-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 rlmd-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 rlmd-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 rlmd-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 rlmd-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 rlmd-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

