<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161024_10-Q_edgar_data_1091596_0001144204-16-129030_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4892665</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>206615</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>337665</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1069144</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2214901</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>986274</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>56</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-129030.hdr.sgml : 20161024
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161021190413
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-129030
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		50
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161024
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161021

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Nuo Therapeutics, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001091596
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		IRS NUMBER:				232958959
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-32518
		FILM NUMBER:		161947082

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		207A PERRY PARKWAY,
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1
		CITY:			GAITHERSBURG,
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20877
		BUSINESS PHONE:		240-499-2680

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		207A PERRY PARKWAY,
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1
		CITY:			GAITHERSBURG,
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20877

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Nuo Therapeutics, Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20141112

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CYTOMEDIX INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000511

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AUTOLOGOUS WOUND THERAPY INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000407

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-129030.txt : 20161024

10-Q
 1
 v449308_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES  
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  
Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-Q  

(Mark One)    

For the Quarterly Period Ended March 31, 2016  

OR  

For the transition period from ________
to ________ 

Commission file number
001-32518 

Nuo Therapeutics,
Inc. (Debtor in possession)  

(Exact Name of Registrant
as Specified in its Charter) 

Delaware   
       23-3011702    
 
      (State or Other Jurisdiction of  
     Incorporation or Organization)  
      (IRS Employer  
     Identification No.)   

207A Perry Parkway, Suite 1  
 Gaithersburg, MD 20877  

 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip
Code) 

(240) 499-2680  

 (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including
Area Code) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes     No  x  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes   
 No  x  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule
12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large Accelerated Filer      
      Accelerated Filer       
 
      Non-accelerated Filer      
      Smaller Reporting Company  x      

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes     No  x  

APPLICABLE ONLY TO ISSUERS INVOLVED IN
BANKRUPTCY PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PRECEDING FIVE YEARS  

Indicate by check make whether the registrant
has filed all documents and reports required to be filed by Section 12, 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 subsequent
to the distribution of securities under a plan confirmed by a court. Yes         No    x  

APPLICABLE ONLY TO
CORPORATE ISSUERS  

The aggregate market value of voting common
stock, $0.0001 par value (the  New Common Stock ) held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2016, the
last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was approximately $3.6 million based
on the $1.00 per share sales price of the shares of New Common Stock in a private placement of such stock completed in connection
with the registrant s emergence from bankruptcy on May 5, 2016. The registrant does not have any non-voting common stock
outstanding. The New Common Stock is not currently trading on the OTC market. 

As of May 4, 2016, the day prior to the registrant s
emergence from bankruptcy, the number of shares outstanding of its common stock, $0.0001 par value (the  Old Common Stock )
was 125,680,100. As of October 14, 2016, the number of shares outstanding of the registrant s New Common Stock, $0.0001
par value, was 9,927,112. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS   

NUO THERAPEUTICS, INC. (DEBTOR IN POSSESSION)  

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

Page    
 
        PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION    

Item 1. Financial Statements   
     4  

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
      26   

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
      40   

Item 4. Controls and Procedures   
      40   

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION    

Item 1. Legal Proceedings   
      41   

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
      41   

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities   
      41   

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures   
      41   

Item 5. Other Information   
      41   

Item 6. Exhibits   
      41   

Signatures   
     42  

Exhibit Index   
     43  

Explanatory Note  

As
described in Notes 1 and  9 to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements of Nuo Therapeutics, Inc.
(  we,   us,   Nuo Therapeutics,   Nuo  and the  Company )
appearing in Part I of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (the  Quarterly Report ),  the
Company emerged from bankruptcy protection effective May 5, 2016 in accordance with the  Modified First Amended Plan of
Reorganization of the Debtor under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code, as confirmed by the April 25, 2016 Order Granting Final
Approval of Disclosure Statement and Confirming Debtor s Plan of Reorganization (as so confirmed, the  Plan of
Reorganization ). 

During the pendency of its Chapter 11 case
and following the date of the Company s emergence from bankruptcy on May 5, 2016, in addition to their regular financial
reporting duties, the Company s management team and finance and accounting personnel were required to devote significant
time and attention to matters relating to and on the preparation of materials required in connection with the Chapter 11 case
and the Plan of Reorganization, including monthly and quarterly reports which the Company filed under cover of Current Reports
on Form 8-K.  

As a result, the Company was unable to file
its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 (the  Annual Report ), this Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2016 (this  First Quarter 10-Q ) and the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for
the period ended June 30, 2016 (the  Second Quarter 10-Q ) within the prescribed time periods because of the limitations
on staffing, the Company s limited financial resources and the significant additional burdens that the Chapter 11 case imposed
on the Company s available human and financial resources. Such inability could not have been eliminated by the Company without
unreasonable effort or expense. 

Following its emergence from bankruptcy on
May 5, 2016, the Company commenced the process of preparing the Annual Report, this First Quarter 10-Q and the Second Quarter
10-Q.  

This document represents the
First Quarter 10-Q.   It contains the Company s unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements as of
March 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015 and for the three-month periods ended March 31, 2016 and 2015 and the accompanying
footnotes (the  Q1 Financial Statements ), as well as a discussion comparing the Company s results of
operations for the three-month periods ended March 31, 2016 and 2015 in the section titled   Item 2. 
Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   (the
 Period-to-Period Comparison ).  Unless otherwise specified therein, the historical financial and
share-based information contained in the Q1 Financial Statements and the Period-to-Period Comparison reflects the
Company s status as of and for time periods that ended prior to the Company s reorganization, and therefore is
not indicative of the Company s current financial condition or results of operations from and after May 5, 2016. 

More specifically, following the consummation
of the Plan of Reorganization, the Company s financial condition and results of operations from and after May 5, 2016 will
not be comparable to the financial condition or results of operations reflected in the Company s prior financial statements
(including those contained in this Quarterly Report) due to the Company s application of fresh-start accounting to time
periods beginning on and after May 5, 2016.   Fresh-start accounting requires the Company to adjust its assets and liabilities
contained in its financial statements immediately before its emergence from bankruptcy protection to their estimated fair values
using the acquisition method of accounting.  Those adjustments are material and affect the Company s financial condition
and results of operations from and after May 5, 2016. For that reason, it is difficult to assess our performance in periods beginning
on or after May 5, 2016 in relation to prior periods. 

The Company is contemporaneously herewith
filing its Annual Report and Second Quarter 10-Q.  Investors should note that the Company filed for bankruptcy protection
during the first quarter 2016, i.e., the period covered by this Quarterly Report, and emerged from bankruptcy protection during
the second quarter 2016.  The financial and share-based information contained in the unaudited financial statements and period-to-period
comparisons included in the Second Quarter 10-Q that relates to dates and time periods from and after May 5, 2016 will therefore
differ significantly from the corresponding information presented in this Quarterly Report. 

PART I  

  FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1. Financial Statements  

NUO THERAPEUTICS, INC. (DEBTOR IN POSSESSION)  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  

  (unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements.  

NUO THERAPEUTICS,
INC. (DEBTOR IN POSSESSION)  

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS  

  (unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements.  

NUO THERAPEUTICS, INC. (DEBTOR IN POSSESSION)  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH
FLOWS  

  (unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements.  

NUO THERAPEUTICS, INC. (DEBTOR IN POSSESSION)  

  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Note 1   Business and Summary of
Significant Accounting Principles  

Description of Business   

On January 26, 2016, Nuo Therapeutics, Inc.
( Nuo Therapeutics,  the  Company,   we,   us,  or  our ) filed a
voluntary petition in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware (the  Bankruptcy Court ) seeking
relief under Chapter 11 of Title 11 of the United States Code (the  Bankruptcy Code ), which is being administered
under the caption  In re: Nuo Therapeutics, Inc. , Case No. 16-10192 (MFW) (the  Chapter 11 Case ). As
of March 31, 2016, the Company was a  debtor in possession  undergoing a reorganization under Chapter 11. 

On April 25, 2016, the Bankruptcy Court entered
an Order Granting Final Approval of Disclosure Statement and Confirming Debtor s Plan of Reorganization, which confirmed
our Modified First Amended Plan of Reorganization under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code (as confirmed, the  Plan 
or  Plan of Reorganization ). The Plan became effective on May 5, 2016 (the  Effective Date ). Pursuant
to the Plan, as of the Effective Date all equity interests of the Company, including but not limited to all shares of the Company s
common stock, $0.0001 par value per share (including its redeemable common stock)(the  Old Common Stock ), warrants
and options, that were issuable or issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Date, were cancelled. See Note 9
   Subsequent Events . 

Nuo Therapeutics, Inc. is a biomedical company
marketing products primarily within the U.S. We commercialize innovative cell-based technologies that harness the regenerative
capacity of the human body to trigger natural healing. The use of autologous (from self) biological therapies for tissue repair
and regeneration is part of a transformative clinical strategy designed to improve long term recovery in complex chronic conditions
with significant unmet medical needs. Growth drivers in the U.S. include the treatment of chronic wounds with Aurix in the Veterans
Affairs healthcare system and other federal accounts settings and the Medicare population under a National Coverage Determination
( NCD ) when registry data is collected under CMS  Coverage with Evidence Development (CED) program. 

As of March 31, 2016, our commercial offerings
consisted of point of care technologies for the safe and efficient separation of autologous blood and bone marrow to produce platelet
based therapies or cell concentrates. As of March 31, 2016, we had two distinct platelet rich plasma ( PRP ) devices,
the Aurix System for wound care and the Angel  concentrated Platelet Rich Plasma ( cPRP ) System for orthopedics
markets. During the three months ended March 31, 2016, Arthrex, Inc. ( Arthrex ) was our exclusive distributor for
Angel. See Note 9    Subsequent Events , including the assignment of our rights with respect to the Angel cPRP System. 

Our operations are subject to certain risks
and uncertainties including, among others, current and potential competitors with greater resources, dependence on significant
customers, lack of operating history and uncertainty of future profitability and possible fluctuations in financial results. Since
our inception, we have financed our operations by raising debt, issuing equity and equity-linked instruments, executing licensing
arrangements, and to a lesser extent by generating royalties and product revenues. We have incurred, and continue to incur, recurring
losses and negative cash flows. At March 31, 2016 we had cash and cash equivalents on hand of approximately $0.7 million and total
debt outstanding of $40.8 million, including accrued interest. 

Under our credit facility (the  Deerfield
Facility Agreement ) with affiliates of Deerfield Management Company, L.P. (the  Deerfield Lenders  or  Deerfield ),
we were required to maintain a compensating cash balance of $5,000,000 in deposit accounts subject to control agreements in favor
of the lenders and we were required to pay to Deerfield accrued interest of approximately $2.6 million on October 1, 2015. We
were unable to meet these requirements and on both December 4 and 18, 2015 we entered into consent letters with Deerfield to modify
the Deerfield Facility Agreement and waive the compliance violations for a limited period. Under the terms of the December 18,
2015 consent letter, (i) solely during the period between December 18, 2015 and January 7, 2016, the amount of cash that is required
to be maintained in a deposit account subject to control agreements in favor of the Company s senior lenders was reduced
from $5,000,000 to $500,000 and (ii) the date for payment of the accrued interest amount originally payable on October 1, 2015
was extended to January 7, 2016. The continued effectiveness of the consent letter was conditioned upon the Company s continued
engagement of a chief restructuring officer and providing Deerfield with all relevant business contracts, agreements, and vendor
relationships for the Aurix and Angel product lines by December 28, 2015; the Company s failure to do either would result
in an immediate default under the Deerfield Facility Agreement. The consent letter contained various customary representations
and warranties, as well as customary provisions relating to other matters. 

As of January 26, 2016 (the date of our voluntary
filing for bankruptcy protection) and March 31, 2016, we were in default under the Deerfield Facility Agreement, and Deerfield
had the right to demand repayment of the entire amount owed to them, including accrued interest. As a result of the default and
our assessment that we would not be able to cure the causes of the default, as of December 31, 2015 we accelerated the amortization
of the debt discount and deferred financing costs associated with the Deerfield credit facility, and at December 31, 2015 we classified
the entire Deerfield credit facility as a current liability. The total amount of the Deerfield credit facility, including accrued
interest, was compromised by the Bankruptcy Court and, as part of our Plan of Reorganization discussed above, was settled as of
the Effective Date through the issuance of 29,038 shares of our Series A preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the  Series
A Preferred Stock ) and the assignment to Deerfield of all rights, title, and interest in and to its existing license agreement
with Arthrex, including the rights to receive royalty payments. See Note 9    Subsequent Events . 

In connection with the Chapter 11 Case, on
January 28, 2016, the Bankruptcy Court entered an order approving our interim debtor-in-possession financing ( DIP Financing )
pursuant to terms set forth in a senior secured, superpriority debtor-in-possession credit agreement ( DIP Credit Agreement ),
dated as of January 28, 2016, by and among the Company, as borrower, each lender from time to time party to the DIP Credit Agreement,
including, but not limited to Deerfield Private Design Fund II, L.P., Deerfield Private Design International II, L.P., and Deerfield
Special Situations Fund, L.P. (collectively, the  Deerfield Lenders ) and Deerfield Mgmt, L.P., as administrative
agent (the  DIP Agent ) for the Deerfield Lenders. The Deerfield Lenders comprised 100% of the lenders under the Deerfield
Facility Agreement. The final DIP Credit Agreement provided for senior secured loans in the aggregate principal amount of up to
$6,000,000 in post-petition financing, of which $2,500,000 was outstanding as of March 31, 2016. 

The accompanying condensed consolidated financial
statements have been prepared assuming that we will continue as a going concern, which contemplates continuity of operations,
realization of assets, and satisfaction of liabilities in the ordinary course of business. The propriety of using the going-concern
basis is dependent upon, among other things, the achievement of future profitable operations, the ability to generate sufficient
cash from operations, and potential other funding sources, including cash on hand, to meet our obligations as they become due.
After our emergence from bankruptcy on May 5, 2015, we believe our current resources, expected revenue from sales of Aurix, including
additional revenue expected to be generated from our collaboration with Restorix Health ( Restorix ), limited royalty
and license fee revenue from our license of certain aspects of the ALDH technology to StemCell Technologies for the Aldeflour
product line, combined with the $3.0 million of backstop commitments, which is not available until June 30, 2017, will be adequate
to maintain our operations through at least the end of 2017 (see Note 9    Subsequent Events ). However, if we are
unable to increase our revenues as much as expected or control our costs as effectively as expected, then we may be required to
curtail portions of our strategic plan or to cease operations. More specifically, if we are unable to increase revenues or control
costs in this manner, we may be forced to delay the completion of, or significantly reduce the scope of, our current business
plan; delay some of our development and clinical or marketing efforts; delay our plans to penetrate the market serving Medicare
beneficiaries and fulfill the related data gathering requirements as stipulated by the Medicare CED coverage determination; delay
the pursuit of commercial insurance reimbursement for our wound treatment technologies; or postpone the hiring of new personnel;
or, under certain dire financial circumstances, cease our operations. Specific programs that may require additional funding include,
without limitation, continued investment in the sales, marketing, distribution, and customer service areas, further expansion
into the international markets, significant new product development or modifications, and pursuit of other opportunities. If adequate
capital cannot be obtained on a timely basis and on satisfactory terms, the Company s operations could be materially negatively
impacted. 

Basis of Presentation   

The accompanying unaudited interim condensed
consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America ( U.S. GAAP ). In our opinion, the accompanying unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial
statements include all adjustments, consisting of normal recurring adjustments, which are necessary to present fairly our financial
position, results of operations and cash flows. The condensed consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2015, has been derived
from audited financial statements as of that date. The interim unaudited condensed consolidated results of operations are not
necessarily indicative of the results that may occur for the full fiscal year. More specifically, as a result of the application
of fresh start accounting and the effects of the implementation of the Plan of Reorganization, the Company s financial statements
on or after May 5, 2016 will not be comparable to the financial statements prior to that date (including those contained in this
Quarterly Report).   Fresh-start accounting requires the Company to adjust its assets and liabilities contained in its
financial statements immediately before its emergence from bankruptcy protection to their estimated fair values using the acquisition
method of accounting.  Those adjustments will be material and will affect the Company s results of operations from
and after May 5, 2016. Certain information and footnote disclosure normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance
with U.S. GAAP have been omitted pursuant to instructions, rules and regulations prescribed by the United States Securities and
Exchange Commission, or the SEC. We believe that the disclosures provided herein are adequate to make the information presented
not misleading when these unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements are read in conjunction with the audited
financial statements and notes previously distributed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

In our accompanying condensed consolidated
balance sheets, we have classified our liabilities according to whether they are  subject to compromise  or  not
subject to compromise  by the Bankruptcy Court. Liabilities  not subject to compromise  by the Bankruptcy Court
are further classified as either current or noncurrent liabilities. Liabilities  subject to compromise  include liabilities
incurred before January 26, 2016 (the date of our filing of the voluntary petition for bankruptcy protection) or that became known
after the petition was filed. Liabilities  not subject to compromise  include (i) liabilities that are fully secured
and not expected to be compromised and (b) liabilities incurred subsequent to the filing of the petition that are not associated
with the pre-bankruptcy events (i.e., post-petition liabilities). Because the amounts owed to Deerfield pursuant to the Deerfield
Facility Agreement were subject to compromise and, in fact, subsequently were compromised by the Bankruptcy Court, we stopped
accruing interest on the debt effective January 26, 2016. 

Principles of Consolidation   

The unaudited condensed consolidated financial
statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned and controlled subsidiary Aldagen, Inc. ( Aldagen ).
The Company continues to consolidate Aldagen while it is under the protection of the Bankruptcy Court since Aldagen did not file
for bankruptcy protection and the Company still controls Aldagen. All significant inter-company accounts and transactions are
eliminated in consolidation. 

As of March 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
Aldagen had insignificant assets and liabilities and, accordingly, condensed combined financial statements of Nuo Therapeutics
and Aldagen are not presented. 

Use of Estimates   

The preparation of financial statements in
conformity with U.S. GAAP requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amount of revenues
and expenses during the reporting period. In the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements, estimates are used
for, but not limited to, stock-based compensation, allowance for inventory obsolescence, allowance for doubtful accounts, valuation
of derivative liabilities, contingent liabilities, fair value and depreciable lives of long-lived assets (including property and
equipment, intangible assets and goodwill), deferred taxes and associated valuation allowance and the classification of our long-term
debt. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Credit Concentration   

We generate accounts receivable from the sale
of our products. Our trade receivables balance at March 31, 2016 was primarily from Arthrex (58%) and Vibra Healthcare (10%).
In addition, Arthrex accounted for 73% and 90% of total products sales in the quarters ended March 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
No other single customer accounted for more than 10% of total product sales. See Note 9  - Subsequent Events . 

During the three month period ending March
31, 2016, we used single suppliers for several components of the Angel and Aurix    product lines. We outsource
the manufacturing of various products, including component parts for Angel, to contract manufacturers. While we believe these
manufacturers demonstrate competency, reliability and stability, there is no assurance that one or more of them will not experience
an interruption or inability to provide us with the products needed to satisfy customer demand. Additionally, while most of the
components of Aurix    are generally readily available on the open market, a reagent, bovine thrombin, is available
exclusively through Pfizer, with whom we have an established vendor relationship. 

Cash Equivalents   

We consider all highly liquid instruments
purchased with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents potentially subject
us to a concentration of credit risk as approximately $424,000 held in financial institutions was in excess of FDIC insurance
limit of $250,000 at March 31, 2016. We maintain our cash and cash equivalents in the form of money market and checking accounts
with financial institutions that we believe are credit worthy. 

Pursuant to the terms of the December 18,
2015 consent letter with Deerfield, we were required to maintain a compensating cash balance of $500,000 in deposit accounts subject
to control agreements in favor of the lenders. 

Accounts Receivables   

We generate accounts receivables from the
sale of our products. We provide for an allowance against receivables for estimated losses that may result from a customer s
inability or unwillingness to pay. The allowance for doubtful accounts is estimated primarily based upon historical write-off
percentages, known problem accounts, and current economic conditions. Accounts are written off against the allowance for doubtful
accounts when we determine that amounts are not collectable. Recoveries of previously written-off accounts are recorded when collected.
At March 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015, we maintained an allowance for doubtful accounts of $109,000 and $97,000, respectively. 

Inventory   

Our inventory is produced by third party manufacturers
and consists of raw materials and finished goods. Inventory cost is determined on a first-in, first-out basis and is stated at
the lower of cost or net realizable value. We maintain an inventory of kits, reagents, and other disposables that have shelf-lives
that generally range from 18 months to five years. 

We provide for an allowance against inventory
for estimated losses that may result in excess and obsolete inventory (i.e. from the expiration of products). Our allowance for
expired inventory is estimated based upon the inventory s remaining shelf-life and our anticipated ability to sell such
inventory, which is estimated using historical usage and future forecasts, within its remaining shelf life. At March 31, 2016
and December 31, 2015, the Company maintained an allowance for expired and excess and obsolete inventory of $58,000. Expired products
are segregated and used for demonstration purposes only; the Company records the associated expense for this reserve to costs
of products sales in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. 

Property and Equipment   

Property and equipment is stated at cost less
accumulated depreciation and is depreciated, using the straight-line method, over its estimated useful life ranging from three
to five years for all assets except for furniture, lab, and manufacturing equipment which is depreciated over seven and ten years,
respectively. Leasehold improvements are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and are amortized, using the straight-line
method, over the lesser of the expected lease term or its estimated useful life ranging from three to six years. Amortization
of leasehold improvements is included in depreciation expense. Maintenance and repairs are charged to operations as incurred.
When assets are disposed of, the cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and any gain or loss
is included in other income (expense). 

Centrifuges may be sold, leased, or placed
at no charge with customers. Depreciation expense for centrifuges that are available for sale, leased, or placed at no charge
with customers are charged to cost of sales. Depreciation expense for centrifuges used for sales and marketing and other internal
purposes are charged to general and administrative expenses .  

Property and equipment is reviewed for impairment
whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability
of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to future undiscounted net cash flows
expected to be generated by the asset. Recoverability measurement and estimating of undiscounted cash flows is done at the lowest
possible level for which we can identify assets. If such assets are considered to be impaired, impairment is recognized as the
amount by which the carrying amount of assets exceeds the fair value of the assets. As a result of our bankruptcy filing, we identified
changes in circumstances during the three months ended March 31, 2016; however we determined our property and equipment was not
impaired as of March 31, 2016. 

Intangible Assets and Goodwill    

Intangible assets were acquired as part of
our acquisition of the Angel business and Aldagen, and consist of definite-lived and indefinite-lived intangible assets, including
goodwill. As of December 31, 2015, we had fully impaired our indefinite lived intangible asset related to in-process research
and development ( IPR D ) while our goodwill was fully written off as of September 30, 2015. The only intangible
assets that remained as of March 31, 2016 relate to trademarks, technology and customer relationships arising from our 2010 acquisition
of the Angel business from Sorin. 

Definite-lived intangible assets  

Our definite-lived intangible assets include
trademarks, technology (including patents) and customer relationships, and are amortized over their useful lives and reviewed
for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable.
If any indicators were present, we test for recoverability by comparing the carrying amount of the asset to the net undiscounted
cash flows expected to be generated from the asset. If those net undiscounted cash flows do not exceed the carrying amount (i.e.,
the asset is not recoverable), we would perform the next step, which is to determine the fair value of the asset and record an
impairment loss, if any. We periodically reevaluate the useful lives for these intangible assets to determine whether events and
circumstances warrant a revision in their remaining useful lives. During 2014, as a result of changes in circumstances, the Company
performed an assessment of our various definite-lived intangible assets and concluded that the carrying value of the definite-lived
intangible assets was impaired. An impairment charge, related to the Aldagen trademark, of approximately $1.0 million was taken
during the year ended December 31, 2014. 

Liabilities Subject to Compromise   

Liabilities subject to compromise as of March
31, 2016 in the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements represent unsecured obligations that were to
be accounted for under our plan of reorganization. Generally, actions to enforce or otherwise effect payment of prepetition liabilities
are stayed. Prepetition liabilities that are subject to compromise are reported at the amounts expected to be allowed, even if
they may be settled for lesser amounts. These liabilities represent the amounts expected to be allowed on known or potential claims
to be resolved through the Chapter 11 process, and remain subject to future adjustments arising from negotiated settlements, actions
of the Bankruptcy Court, rejection of executory contracts and unexpired leases, the determination as to the value of collateral
securing the claims, proofs of claim, or other events. Liabilities subject to compromise also include certain items that may be
assumed under the plan of reorganization, and as such, may be subsequently reclassified to liabilities not subject to compromise. 

The Bankruptcy Court has authorized us to
pay certain prepetition obligations, including payment of employee wages, salaries and certain benefits and payments to certain
shippers and critical vendors, subject to certain limitations. We are required to pay vendors and other providers in the ordinary
course for goods and services received after the filing of our Chapter 11 petition and certain other business related payments
necessary to maintain the operations of the Company's business. Obligations associated with these matters are not classified as
liabilities subject to compromise. 

With the approval of the Bankruptcy Court,
the Company has rejected certain prepetition executory contracts and unexpired leases with respect to the Company's operations
and may reject additional ones in the future. Damages resulting from rejection of executory contracts and unexpired leases are
generally treated as general unsecured claims and are classified as liabilities subject to compromise. Holders of prepetition
claims are required to file proofs of claims. Differences between liability amounts estimated by the Company and claims filed
by creditors will be investigated and, if necessary, the Bankruptcy Court will make a final determination of the allowable claim.
The Company used all available information as of March 31, 2016 to estimate the liability amounts. The final determination of
how liabilities were treated was ultimately made by the Bankruptcy Court upon its approval of the Company s Plan of Reorganization
on April 25, 2016. Final determination of liability amounts did not result in material variances from the Company s estimate
made as of March 31, 2016. 

Reorganization costs during the three month
period ending March 31, 2016 were approximately $2.7 million dollars and are reflected as a separate line item on the condensed
consolidated statements of operations under other income (expense). Approximately $0.9 million of these expenses were paid during
the period ended March 31, 2016, with the balance of the $1.8 million of expenses remaining to be paid as of March 31, 2016 reported
in accounts payable or accrued expenses and other liabilities not subject to compromise. 

Exit Activities and Realignment   

On May 5, 2014, we announced preliminary efficacy
and safety results of our RECOVER-Stroke Phase 2 clinical trial in patients with neurological damage arising from ischemic stroke
and treated with ALD-401. Observed improvements in the primary endpoint (mean modified Rankin Score or mRS) of the trial were
not clinically or statistically significant. In light of this outcome, we discontinued further funding of the ALD-401 development
program, decided to close our facilities in Durham, NC, and terminated certain employees. An accrual of approximately $151,000
for the loss on abandonment of the lease remained at March 31, 2016. The accrued loss on abandonment is being amortized over the
life of the lease against future rental payments made and sublease income payments received. Loss on abandonment is classified
in general and administrative expense in the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations. The accrued loss on
abandonment is included in accrued expenses and other liabilities in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets. 

On August 11, 2015, our Board of Directors
approved our realignment plan with the goal of preserving and maximizing, for the benefit of our stockholders, the value of our
existing assets. The plan eliminated approximately 30% of our workforce and was aimed at the preservation of cash and cash equivalents
to finance our future operations and support our revised business objectives. In addition, on December 4, 2015, the Company eliminated
approximately 22% of its workforce, or seven employees. The Company recognized severance expense of approximately $0.9 million
associated with these reductions in our work force during the year ended December 31, 2015. In addition, in January 2016, the
Company eliminated four additional employees and recognized severance expense of approximately $0.5 million in the three months
ended March 31, 2016. As of March 31, 2016 approximately $0.7 million remained in accrued severance costs which are reflected in
accrued expenses on the condensed consolidated balance sheet. 

Conditionally Redeemable Common Stock   

As of March 31, 2016, the Maryland Venture
Fund ( MVF,  part of Maryland Department of Business and Economic Development) had an investment in our Old Common
Stock, and could have required us to repurchase the common stock, at MVF s option, upon certain events outside of our control;
provided, however, that in the event that, at the time of either such event our securities were listed on a national securities
exchange, the foregoing repurchase would not be triggered. MVF s common stock is classified as  contingently redeemable
common shares  in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets. The contingently redeemable common shares were
cancelled as of the Effective Date. See Note 9  Subsequent Events . 

Revenue Recognition  

We recognize revenue when the four basic criteria
for recognition are met: (1) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; (2) delivery has occurred or services have been rendered;
(3) consideration is fixed or determinable; and (4) collectability is reasonably assured. 

Sales of products  

We provide for the sale of our products, including
disposable processing sets and supplies to customers and, prior to the Effective Date, to Arthrex as distributor of the Angel
product line. Revenue from the sale of products is recognized upon shipment of products to the customers. We do not maintain a
reserve for returned products as in the past those returns have not been material and are not expected to be material in the future. 

Usage or leasing of blood separation equipment  

As a result of the acquisition of the Angel
business, we acquired various multiple element revenue arrangements that combined the (i) usage or leasing of blood separation
processing equipment, (ii) maintenance of processing equipment, and (iii) purchase of disposable processing sets and supplies.
We assigned these multiple element revenue arrangements to Arthrex in 2013 pursuant to a license agreement, and further assigned
all of our rights, title and interest in and to such license agreement to the Deerfield Lenders as of the Effective Date; as such,
we no longer recognize revenue under these arrangements. 

Percentage-based fees on licensee sales of
covered products, including those sold by Arthrex prior to the Effective Date, are generally recorded as products are sold by
licensees and are reflected as royalties in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. Direct costs associated with
product sales and royalty revenues are recorded at the time that revenue is recognized. 

Deferred revenue at March 31, 2016 consists
of prepaid licensing revenue of approximately $0.9 million from the licensing of Angel centrifuges. Deferred revenue at December
31, 2015 consists of prepaid licensing revenue of approximately $1.0 million from the licensing of Angel centrifuges and approximately
$0.1 million from product sales billed and not yet shipped. Prepaid licensing revenue is being recognized on a straight-line basis
over the term of the agreement. Deferred revenue related to products billed and not yet shipped will be recognized when the product
is shipped to the customer. Revenue of approximately $101,000 related to the prepaid license was recognized during both the three
months ended March 31, 2016 and 2015. 

Medical Device Tax  

On January 1, 2013 a medical device excise
tax came into effect that required manufacturers to pay tax of 2.3% on the sale of certain medical devices. We report the medical
device excise tax on a gross basis, recognizing the tax as both revenue and cost of sales. The medical device excise tax does
not apply to the sale of a taxable medical device by the manufacturer, producer, or importer of the device during the period beginning
on January 1, 2016, and ending on December 31, 2017. 

License Fees  

The Company s license agreement with
Rohto (See  Note 2   Distribution, License and Collaboration Arrangements ) contains multiple elements that include
the delivered license and other ancillary performance obligations, such as maintaining its intellectual property and providing
regulatory support and training to Rohto. The Company has determined that the ancillary performance obligations are perfunctory
and incidental and are expected to be minimal and infrequent. Accordingly, the Company has combined the ancillary performance
obligations with the delivered license and is recognizing revenue as a single unit of accounting following revenue recognition
guidance applicable to the license. Because the license is delivered, the Company recognized the entire $3.0 million license fee
as revenue in the three months ended March 31, 2015. Other elements contained in the license agreement, such as fees and royalties
related to the supply and future sale of the product, are contingent and will be recognized as revenue when earned. 

Segments and Geographic Information   

Approximately 14% and 10% of our product sales
were generated outside of the United States for the quarters ended March 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. We operate in one business
segment. 

Stock-Based Compensation   

The Company, from time to time, may issue
stock options or stock awards to employees, directors, consultants, and other service providers under its 2002 Long-Term Incentive
Plan ( LTIP ) or 2013 Equity Incentive Plan ( EIP ). In some cases, it has issued compensatory warrants
to service providers outside the LTIP or EIP (See Note 6    Equity and Stock-Based Compensation ). 

The fair value of employee stock options is
measured at the date of grant. Expected volatilities are based on historical volatility of the Company s stock. Company
data was utilized to estimate option exercises and employee terminations within the valuation model. Expected years until exercise
represents the period of time that options are expected to be outstanding. The risk-free rate for periods within the contractual
life of the option is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant. The Company estimated that the dividend
rate on its common stock will be zero. 

Stock-based compensation for awards granted
to non-employees is periodically re-measured as the underlying awards vest. The Company recognizes an expense for such awards
throughout the performance period as the services are provided by the non-employees, based on the fair value of these options
and warrants at each reporting period. The fair value of stock options and compensatory warrants issued to service providers utilizes
the same methodology with the exception of the expected term. For awards to non-employees, the Company estimates that the options
or warrants will be held for the full term. 

All outstanding stock options were cancelled
as of the Effective Date. The Company issued option grants to employees and directors subsequent to the Effective Date for which
the stock based compensation expense will be reflected in future periods (see Note 9    Subsequent Events ). 

Income Taxes   

The Company accounts for income taxes using
the asset and liability method. Under the asset and liability method, current income tax expense or benefit is the amount of income
taxes expected to be payable or refundable for the current year. A deferred income tax asset or liability is recognized for future
tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities
and their respective tax bases and tax credits and loss carryforwards. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance
when, in the opinion of management, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be
realized. Tax rate changes are reflected in income during the period such changes are enacted. 

For the three months ended March 31, 2015,
the income tax provision relates exclusively to a deferred tax liability associated with the amortization for tax purposes of
goodwill. The deferred tax liability was eliminated in the third quarter of 2015 with the impairment charge recognized for all
our goodwill. 

The Company s policy for recording interest
and penalties associated with audits is to record such items as a component of income before taxes. There were no such items for
three months ended March 31, 2016 and 2015. 

Basic and Diluted Earnings (Loss) per
Share   

Basic earnings (loss) per share is computed
by dividing net income (loss) available to common shareholders by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding
(including contingently issuable shares when the contingencies have been resolved) during the period. 

For periods of net income, and when the effects
are not anti-dilutive, diluted earnings per share is computed by dividing net income available to common shareholders by the weighted-average
number of shares outstanding (including contingently issuable shares when the contingencies have been resolved) plus the impact
of all potential dilutive common shares, consisting primarily of common stock options and stock purchase warrants using the treasury
stock method, and convertible debt using the if-converted method.    The total number of anti-dilutive shares, common stock
options, warrants exercisable for common stock, and convertible debt, which have been excluded from the computation of diluted
earnings per share, was 201,809,265 for the quarter ended March 31, 2015. 

For periods of net loss, diluted loss per
share is calculated similarly to basic loss per share because the impact of all dilutive potential common shares is anti-dilutive.
The total number of anti-dilutive shares, common stock options, warrants exercisable for common stock, and convertible debt, which
have been excluded from the computation of diluted loss per share, was 199,266,489 for the quarter ended March 31, 2016. 

Earnings (loss) per share for the three months
ended March 31, 2016 and 2015 are calculated for basic and diluted earnings per share as follows:     

Recently Adopted
Accounting Pronouncements   

In April 2015, the FASB issued guidance as
to whether a cloud computing arrangement (e.g., software as a service, platform as a service, infrastructure as a service, and
other similar hosting arrangements) includes a software license and, based on that determination, how to account for such arrangements.
If a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license, then the customer should account for the software license element
of the arrangement consistent with the acquisition of other software licenses. If a cloud computing arrangement does not include
a software license, the customer should account for the arrangement as a service contract. The amendment is effective for reporting
periods beginning after December 15, 2015 and may be applied on either a prospective or retrospective basis. Early adoption
is permitted. We adopted this pronouncement effective January 1, 2016; the adoption did not have a material impact to our consolidated
financial statements. 

In April 2015, the FASB issued guidance to
simplify the balance sheet disclosure for debt issuance costs. Under the guidance, debt issuance costs related to a recognized
debt liability will be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, in
the same manner as debt discounts, rather than as an asset. The standard is effective for reporting periods beginning after December
15, 2015 and early adoption is permitted. We adopted this pronouncement effective January 1, 2016; the adoption did not have a
material impact to our consolidated financial statements. 

In September 2015, the FASB issued accounting
guidance to simplify the accounting for measurement period adjustments resulting from business combinations. Under the guidance,
an acquirer will be required to recognize adjustments to provisional amounts identified during the measurement period in the reporting
period in which the adjustments are determined. The guidance requires an entity to present separately on the face of the income
statement or disclose in the notes to the financial statements the portion of the amount recorded in current-period earnings by
line item that would have been recorded in previous reporting periods if the adjustment had been recognized as of the acquisition
date. The standard is effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2015. The amendments in this pronouncement
should be applied prospectively, with earlier application permitted. We adopted this pronouncement effective January 1, 2016;
the adoption did not have a material impact to our consolidated financial statements. 

Unadopted Accounting Pronouncements   

In May 2014, the FASB issued guidance for
revenue recognition for contracts, superseding the previous revenue recognition requirements, along with most existing industry-specific
guidance. The guidance requires an entity to review contracts in five steps: 1) identify the contract, 2) identify performance
obligations, 3) determine the transaction price, 4) allocate the transaction price, and 5) recognize revenue. The new standard
will result in enhanced disclosures regarding the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue arising from contracts with
customers. In August 2015, the FASB issued guidance approving a one-year deferral, making the standard effective for reporting
periods beginning after December 15, 2017, with early adoption permitted only for reporting periods beginning after December 15,
2016. In March 2016, the FASB issued guidance to clarify the implementation guidance on principal versus agent considerations
for reporting revenue gross rather than net, with the same deferred effective date. In April 2016, the FASB issued guidance to
clarify the implementation guidance on identifying performance obligations and the accounting for licenses of intellectual property,
with the same deferred effective date. In May 2016, the FASB issued guidance rescinding SEC paragraphs related to revenue recognition,
pursuant to two SEC Staff Announcements at the March 3, 2016 Emerging Issues Task Force meeting. In May 2016, the FASB also issued
guidance to clarify the implementation guidance on assessing collectability, presentation of sales tax, noncash consideration,
and contracts and contract modifications at transition, with the same effective date. We are currently evaluating the impact,
if any, that this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements. 

In August 2014, the FASB issued guidance for
the disclosure of uncertainties about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern. Under U.S. GAAP, continuation
of a reporting entity as a going concern is presumed as the basis for preparing financial statements unless and until the entity s
liquidation becomes imminent. Preparation of financial statements under this presumption is commonly referred to as the going
concern basis of accounting. Previously, there was no guidance in U.S. GAAP about management s responsibility to evaluate
whether there is substantial doubt about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern or to provide related footnote
disclosures. This was issued to provide guidance in U.S. GAAP about management s responsibility to evaluate whether there
is substantial doubt about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures.
In doing so, the amendments should reduce diversity in the timing and content of footnote disclosures. The amendments in this
update are effective for the annual period ending after December 15, 2016, and for annual periods and interim periods thereafter.
Early application is permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact, if any, that the adoption will have on our consolidated
financial statements. 

In July 2015, the FASB issued guidance for
the accounting for inventory. The main provisions are that an entity should measure inventory within the scope of this update
at the lower of cost and net realizable value, except when inventory is measured using LIFO or the retail inventory method. Net
realizable value is the estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion,
disposal, and transportation. In addition, the Board has amended some of the other guidance in Topic 330 to more clearly articulate
the requirements for the measurement and disclosure of inventory. The amendments in this update for public business entities are
effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The amendments
in this update should be applied prospectively with earlier application permitted as of the beginning of an interim or annual
reporting period. We are currently evaluating the impact, if any, that the adoption will have on our consolidated financial statements. 

In November 2015, the FASB issued accounting
guidance to simplify the presentation of deferred taxes. Previously, U.S. GAAP required an entity to separate deferred income
tax liabilities and assets into current and noncurrent amounts. Under this guidance, deferred tax liabilities and assets will
be classified as noncurrent amounts. The standard is effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016. The Company
is currently evaluating the impact, if any, that this new accounting pronouncement will have on its consolidated financial statements. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued guidance
for accounting for leases. The guidance requires lessees to recognize assets and liabilities related to long-term leases on the
balance sheet and expands disclosure requirements regarding leasing arrangements. The guidance is effective for reporting periods
beginning after December 15, 2018 and early adoption is permitted. The guidance must be adopted on a modified retrospective basis
and provides for certain practical expedients. We are currently evaluating the impact that this guidance will have on our consolidated
financial statements. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued guidance simplifying
the accounting for and financial statement disclosure of stock-based compensation awards. Under the guidance, all excess tax benefits
and tax deficiencies related to stock-based compensation awards are to be recognized as income tax expenses or benefits in the
income statement and excess tax benefits should be classified along with other income tax cash flows in the operating activities
section of the statement of cash flows. Under the guidance, companies can also elect to either estimate the number of awards that
are expected to vest or account for forfeitures as they occur. In addition, the guidance amends some of the other stock-based
compensation awards guidance to more clearly articulate the requirements and cash flow presentation for withholding shares for
tax-withholding purposes. The guidance is effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016 and early adoption
is permitted, though all amendments of the guidance must be adopted in the same period. The adoption of certain amendments
of the guidance must be applied prospectively, and adoption of the remaining amendments must be applied either on a modified retrospective
basis or retrospectively to all periods presented. We are currently evaluating the impact that this guidance will have on our
consolidated financial statements. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued guidance to
clarify the requirements for assessing whether contingent call or put options that can accelerate the payment of principal on
debt instruments are clearly and closely related to their debt hosts. The amendments of this guidance are effective
for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and early adoption is permitted. Entities are required to apply the guidance
to existing debt instruments using a modified retrospective transition method as of beginning of the fiscal year of adoption.
We are currently evaluating the impact that this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements. 

We have evaluated all other issued and unadopted
Accounting Standards Updates and believe the adoption of these standards will not have a material impact on our results of operations,
financial position, or cash flows. 

Note 2   Distribution, Licensing and Collaboration
Arrangements  

Distribution and License Agreement with
Arthrex   

In 2013, we entered into a Distributor and
License Agreement (the  Original Arthrex Agreement ) with Arthrex. The term of the Original Arthrex Agreement was
originally for five years, automatically renewable for an additional three-year period unless Arthrex gives the Company a termination
notice at least one year in advance of the end of the initial five-year period. Under the terms of the Original Arthrex Agreement,
Arthrex obtained the exclusive rights to sell, distribute, and service the Company s Angel concentrated Platelet System
and activAT ( Products ), throughout the world, for all uses other than chronic wound care. In connection with execution
of the Original Arthrex Agreement, Arthrex paid the Company a nonrefundable upfront payment of $5.0 million. In addition, under
the terms of the Original Arthrex Agreement, Arthrex paid royalties to the Company based upon volume of the Products sold. Arthrex s
rights to sell, distribute and service the Products were not exclusive in the non-surgical dermal and non-surgical aesthetics
markets. On October 16, 2015, the Company entered into an Amended and Restated License Agreement (the  Amended Arthrex Agreement )
with Arthrex, which amended and restated the Original Arthrex Agreement. Under the terms of the Amended Arthrex Agreement, among
others, the Company licensed certain exclusive and non-exclusive rights to Arthrex in return for the right to receive royalties,
and on a date to be determined by Arthrex, but not later than March 31, 2016, Arthrex was to assume all rights related to the
manufacture and supply of the Angel product line. As part of the transaction, the Company transferred to Arthrex all of its rights
and title to product registration rights and intellectual property (other than patents) related to Angel. In connection with the
Agreement, the Deerfield Lenders irrevocably released their liens on the product registration rights and intellectual property
(other than patents) assets transferred by the Company to Arthrex. The Amended Arthrex Agreement, as supplemented in April
2016, is referred to collectively as the  Arthrex Agreement.  

See  Note 9   Subsequent Events 
for a description of the assignment of the Company s rights, title and interest in and to the Arthrex Agreement to Deerfield,
and related matters. 

Distribution and License Agreement with
Rohto    

In September 2009, we entered into a licensing
and distribution agreement with Millennia Holdings, Inc. ( Millennia ) for the Company s Aurix System in Japan. 

In January 2015, we granted to Rohto Pharmaceutical
Co., Ltd. ( Rohto ) a royalty bearing, nontransferable, exclusive license, with limited right to sublicense, to use
certain of the Company s intellectual property for the development, import, use, manufacturing, marketing, sale and distribution
for all wound care and topical dermatology applications of the Aurix System and related intellectual property and know-how in
human and veterinary medicine in Japan in exchange for an upfront payment from Rohto of $3.0 million. The agreement also contemplates
additional royalty payments based on the net sales of Aurix in Japan and an additional future cash payment if and when the reimbursement
price for the national health insurance system in Japan has been achieved after marketing authorization as described below. In
connection with and effective as of the entering into the Rohto Agreement, we amended the licensing and distribution agreement
with Millennia to terminate it and allow us to transfer the exclusivity rights from Millennia to Rohto. In connection with this
amendment we paid a one-time, non-refundable fee of $1.5 million to Millennia upon our receipt of the $3.0 million upfront payment,
and we may be required to make certain future payments to Millennia if we receive the milestone payment from Rohto as well as
future royalty payments based upon net sales in Japan. Rohto has assumed all responsibility for securing the marketing authorization
in Japan, while we will provide relevant product information, as well as clinical and other data, to support Rohto s efforts. 

Collaboration Agreement with Restorix   

On March 22, 2016, we entered into a Collaboration
Agreement (the  Collaboration Agreement ) with Restorix, pursuant to which we agreed to provide Restorix with certain
limited geographic exclusivity benefits over a defined period of time for the usage of the Aurix System in up to 30 of the approximately
125 hospital outpatient wound care clinics with which Restorix has a management contract (the  RXH Partner Hospitals ),
in exchange for Restorix making minimum commitments of patients enrolled in three prospective clinical research studies primarily
consisting of patient data collection (the  Protocols ) necessary to maintain exclusivity under the Collaboration
Agreement. The Collaboration Agreement will initially continue for a two-year period, subject to one or more extensions with the
mutual consent of the parties. 

Pursuant to the Collaboration Agreement, the
Company agreed to provide: (i) clinical support services by its clinical staff as reasonably agreed between the Company and Restorix
as necessary and appropriate, (ii) reasonable and necessary support regarding certain reimbursement activities, (iii) coverage
of Institutional Review Board ( IRB ) fees and payment to Restorix for certain training costs subject to certain limitations
and (iv) community-focused public relations materials for participating RXH Partner Hospitals to promote the use of Aurix and
participation in the Protocols. Pursuant to the Collaboration Agreement, Restorix agreed to: (i) provide access and support as
reasonably necessary and appropriate at up to 30 RXH Partner Hospitals to identify and enroll patients into the Protocols, including
senior executive level support and leadership to the collaboration and its enrollment goals and (ii) reasonably assist the Company
to correct through a query process, any patient data submitted having incomplete or inaccurate data fields. 

Subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions,
during the term of the Collaboration Agreement: (i) Restorix will have site specific geographic exclusivity for usage of Aurix
in connection with treatment of patients in the Protocols within a 30 mile radius of each RXH Partner Hospital, and (ii) other
than with respect to existing CED sites, the Company will not provide corporate exclusivity with any other wound management company
operating in excess of 19 wound care facilities for any similar arrangement. 

Under the Collaboration Agreement, the Company
will pay Restorix or the RXH Partner Hospital, as the case may be, a per patient data collection (administrative) fee upon full
completion and delivery of a patient data set. In addition, the Company is responsible to pay for any IRB fees necessary to conduct
the Protocols and enroll patients, and to pay Restorix a training cost stipend per site. Each RXH Partner Hospital will pay the
Company the then current product price ($700 in 2016, and no greater than $750 in the remainder of the initial term) as set forth
in the Collaboration Agreement. 

Note 3   Receivables  

Accounts and other receivable,
net consisted of the following: 

Other receivables consist primarily of royalties
due from Arthrex and the receivable due from our contract manufacturer for the cost of raw materials required to manufacture the
Angel products that are purchased by the Company and immediately resold, at cost, to the contract manufacturer. 

Note 4   Other Intangible
Assets  

Our intangible assets as of March 31, 2016
and December 31, 2015 are as follows: 

Definite-lived intangible assets  
trademarks, customer relationships and technology  

Our intangible assets (which as of March 31,
2016 and December 31, 2015 were all definitive-lived intangible assets) include trademarks, technology (including patents) and
customer relationships, and are amortized over their useful lives ranging from eight to twenty years. During 2014, as a result
of changes in circumstances, the Company performed an assessment of our various definite-lived intangible assets and concluded
that the carrying value of the definite-lived intangible assets was impaired. An impairment charge, related to the Aldagen trademark,
of approximately $1.0 million was taken during the year ended December 31, 2014. 

Amortization expense associated with our definite-lived
intangible assets of approximately $39,000 was recorded to costs of royalties and approximately $38,000 was recorded to general
and administrative expenses for the three months ended March 31, 2016 and March 31, 2015. 

Note 5   Debt   

Deerfield Facility   

In 2014, we entered into the Deerfield Facility
Agreement, a $35 million five-year senior secured convertible credit facility with Deerfield due March 31, 2019. Deerfield had
the right to convert the principal amount of the related notes (the  Notes ) into shares of our common stock ( Conversion
Shares ) at a per share price equal to $0.52. In addition, we granted to Deerfield the option to require the Company to
redeem up to 33.33% of the total amount drawn under the facility, together with any accrued and unpaid interest thereon, on each
of the second, third, and fourth anniversaries of the closing with the option right triggered upon the Company s net revenues
failing to be equal to or in excess of certain quarterly milestone amounts. We also granted Deerfield the option to require us
to apply 35% of the proceeds received by us in equity-raising transaction(s) to redeem outstanding principal and interest of the
Notes, provided that the first $10 million so raised by us would be exempt from this put option. We entered into a security agreement
which provided, among other things, that our obligations under the Notes would be secured by a first priority security interest,
subject to customary permitted liens, on all our assets. 

Under the
terms of the facility, we also issued stock purchase warrants to purchase up to 97,614,999 shares of our common stock at an initial
exercise price of $0.52 per share (subject to adjustments). We also entered into a registration rights agreement pursuant to which
we filed a registration statement to register the resale of the Conversion Shares and the shares underlying the stock purchase
warrants.   As a result of certain non-standard anti-dilution provisions and cash settlement
features, we classify the detachable stock purchase warrants and the conversion option embedded in the Notes as derivative liabilities.
The derivative liabilities were recorded initially at their estimated fair value and as a result, we recognized a total debt discount
on the convertible notes of $34.8 million. We re-measure the warrants and the conversion option to fair value at each balance
sheet reporting date; the estimated fair value of the warrant liability was  de minimis  at March 31, 2016 and December 31,
2015. Certain debt issuance costs, in the form of warrants and fees, were recorded as deferred debt issuance costs. The issuance
costs include a yield enhancement fee, for which we issued 2,709,677 shares of the Company s common stock in 2014, with
a fixed value of approximately $1.1 million. As a result of the default and our assessment that we would not be able to cure the
causes of the default, as of December 31, 2015 we accelerated the amortization of the debt discount and deferred financing costs
associated with the Deerfield credit facility (see discussion below).  

Under the Deerfield Facility Agreement,
we were required to maintain a compensating cash balance of $5,000,000 in deposit accounts subject to control agreements in favor
of the lenders and we were required to pay to Deerfield accrued interest of approximately $2.6 million on October 1, 2015. We
were unable to meet these requirements and on both December 4 and 18, 2015 we entered into consent letters with Deerfield to modify
the Deerfield Facility Agreement and waive the compliance violations for a limited period. Under the terms of the December 18,
2015 consent letter, (i) solely during the period between December 18, 2015 and January 7, 2016, the amount of cash that was required
to be maintained in a deposit account subject to control agreements in favor of the Company s senior lenders was reduced
from $5,000,000 to $500,000 and (ii) the date for payment of the accrued interest amount originally payable on October 1, 2015
was extended to January 7, 2016. The continued effectiveness of the consent letter was conditioned upon the Company s continued
engagement of a Chief Restructuring Officer and providing Deerfield with all relevant business contracts, agreements, and vendor
relationships for the Aurix and Angel product lines by December 28, 2015; the Company s failure to do either would result
in an immediate default under the Deerfield Facility Agreement. The consent letter contained various customary representations
and warranties. 

As of January 26, 2016 (the date of our
voluntary filing for bankruptcy protection) and March 31, 2016, we were in default under the Deerfield Facility Agreement, and
Deerfield had the right to demand repayment of the entire amount owed to them, including accrued interest. As a result of the
default and our assessment that we would not be able to cure the causes of the default, as of December 31, 2015 we accelerated
the amortization of the debt discount and deferred financing costs associated with the Deerfield credit facility and at December
31, 2015 we classified the entire Deerfield credit facility as a current liability. The total amount owing under the Deerfield
credit facility, including accrued interest, was compromised by the Bankruptcy Court. This amount of approximately $38.3 million
and the $5.75 million outstanding under the DIP Credit Agreement was settled as of the Effective Date through the issuance of
29,038 shares of our Series A Preferred Stock and the assignment to Deerfield of all rights, title, and interest under the Arthrex
Agreement, including the rights to receive royalty payments thereunder (see Note 9    Subsequent Events ). Because
the amounts owed to Deerfield pursuant to the Deerfield Facility Agreement were subject to compromise and, in fact, subsequently
were compromised by the Court, we stopped accruing interest on the debt effective January 26, 2016. 

Debtor-in-Possession Financing 

On January 28, 2016, the Bankruptcy Court
entered an interim order approving the Company's DIP Financing pursuant to terms set forth in the DIP Credit Agreement by and
among the Company, as borrower, each lender from time to time party to the DIP Credit Agreement, including, but not limited to,
the Deerfield Lenders and the DIP Agent. The Deerfield Lenders comprised 100% of the lenders under the then-existing Deerfield
Facility Agreement. 

On March 9, 2016, the Bankruptcy Court
approved on a final basis the Company's motion for approval of the DIP Credit Agreement and use of cash collateral, and approved
a Waiver and First Amendment to the DIP Credit Agreement (the  Waiver and First Amendment ) with the Deerfield Lenders
and DIP Agent, pursuant to which the DIP Credit Agreement was approved to include certain amendments, including to set forth the
material terms of the proposed restructuring of the prepetition and post-petition secured debt, unsecured debt and equity interests
of the Company, the terms of which were eventually effected pursuant to the Plan of Reorganization (as defined below). The Waiver
and First Amendment provided for senior secured loans in the aggregate principal amount of up to $6 million in post-petition financing
(collectively, the  DIP Loans ). 

We received $2.5 million in gross proceeds
from the DIP Financing during the three months ended March 31, 2016, and incurred approximately $278,000 in issuance costs, approximately
$183,000 of which were paid during the three month period ending March 31, 2016. Issuance costs are included in reorganization
costs on the condensed consolidated statements of operations. In accordance with the Plan of Reorganization, as of the Effective
Date, the DIP Credit Agreement was terminated (see Note 9    Subsequent Events) .  

Note 6   Equity  

On January 26, 2016, we filed a voluntary
petition in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware (the  Bankruptcy Court ) seeking relief
under Chapter 11 of Title 11 of the United States Code (the  Bankruptcy Code ), which is being administered under
the caption  In re: Nuo Therapeutics, Inc. , Case No. 16-10192 (MFW). On April 25, 2016, the Bankruptcy Court entered
an Order Granting Final Approval of Disclosure Statement and Confirming Debtor s Plan of Reorganization, which confirmed
the Company s Modified First Amended Plan of Reorganization under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code (as confirmed, the  Plan 
or  Plan of Reorganization ). The Plan became effective on May 5, 2016 (the  Effective Date ). Pursuant
to the Plan, as of the Effective Date all equity interests of the Company, including but not limited to all shares of the Company s
common stock, $0.0001 par value per share (including its redeemable common stock)(the  Old Common Stock ), warrants
and options, that were issuable or issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Date, were cancelled. See Note 9
   Subsequent Events.  

Common Stock   

The Company s Certificate of Incorporation
in effect on March 31, 2016 authorized 440,000,000 shares of capital stock, consisting of 425,000,000 authorized shares of common stock and 15,000,000 Series A, B, C, and D convertible preferred stock. Each share of common stock represented the
right to one vote, and holders of the common stock were entitled to receive dividends as may be declared by the Board of Directors.
No dividends were declared or paid on our common stock in 2016 or 2015. 

2014 Private Placement  

In March 2014 we raised $2.0 million from
the private placement of 3,846,154 shares of common stock (at a price of $0.52 per share) and five-year stock purchase warrants
to purchase 2,884,615 shares of common stock at $0.52 per share. As a result of certain non-standard anti-dilution provisions
and cash settlement features contained in the warrants, we classified the detachable stock purchase warrants as derivative liabilities,
initially at their estimated relative fair value of approximately $1.1 million. We re-measure the warrants to fair value at each
balance sheet date; the estimated fair value of the warrant liabilities was  de minimis  at March 31, 2016 and December 31,
2015. Issuance costs, in the form of warrants and fees, were valued at approximately $136,000 and were recorded to additional
paid-in-capital. 

2014 and 2013 Issuances to Lincoln
Park   

In February 2013, we entered into a purchase
agreement and a registration rights agreement with Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLC ( Lincoln Park ). Under the terms
and subject to the conditions of the agreements, the Company had the right to sell to and Lincoln Park was obligated to purchase
up to $15 million in shares of the Company s common stock, subject to certain limitations, from time to time, over the 30-month
period commencing on the date that a registration statement was declared effective by the SEC. The Company was able to direct
Lincoln Park every other business day, at its sole discretion and subject to certain conditions, to purchase up to 150,000 shares
of common stock in regular purchases, increasing to amounts of up to 200,000 shares depending upon the closing sale price of the
common stock. In addition, the Company was able to direct Lincoln Park to purchase additional amounts as accelerated purchases
if on the date of a regular purchase the closing sale price of the common stock was not below $1.00 per share. The purchase price
of shares of common stock related to the funding would be based on the prevailing market prices of such shares at the time of
sales (or over a period of up to 12 business days leading up to such time), but in no event were shares sold under this arrangement
on a day the common stock closing price was less than the floor price of $0.45 per share, subject to adjustment. The Company s
sales of shares of common stock under the agreements were limited to no more than the number of shares that would result in the
beneficial ownership by Lincoln Park and its affiliates, at any single point in time, of more than 9.99% of the then outstanding
shares of the common stock. 

No shares were issued to Lincoln Park
during the three month period ended March 31, 2016. The arrangement with Lincoln Park expired on January 17, 2016. Prior to its
expiration we had issued 5,250,000 shares to Lincoln Park (raising approximately $2.4 million in gross proceeds). In addition
to those shares, the Company issued to Lincoln Park 434,126 shares of common stock in satisfaction of certain transaction fees. 

Stock Purchase Warrants   

The Company had the following stock purchase
warrants outstanding at March 31, 2016: 

All of such warrants were cancelled in
their entirety as of the Effective Date (see Note 9 -  Subsequent Events) . 

Stock-Based Compensation   

The Company s 2002 Long Term Incentive
Plan ( LTIP ) and 2013 Equity Incentive Plan ( EIP  and, together with the LTIP, the  Incentive
Plans ) permitted the awards of stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, phantom stock, performance units,
dividend equivalents and other stock-based awards to employees, directors and consultants. We were authorized to issue up to 10,500,000
shares of common stock under the LTIP and up to 18,000,000 shares under the EIP (as approved by our shareholders on June 9, 2014).
At March 31, 2016, 18,410,940 shares were available to be issued under the Incentive Plans. All stock options granted under the
LTIP and EIP were cancelled in their entirety as of the Effective Date (see Note 9    Subsequent Events ). 

As of March 31, 2016, the Company only
issued stock options under the Incentive Plans. Stock option terms were determined by the Board of Directors for each option grant,
and options generally vested immediately upon grant or over a period of time ranging up to four years, were exercisable in whole
or installments, and expired no longer than ten years from the date of grant. There were no stock options granted or exercised
during the three month period ended March 31, 2016. As of March 31, 2016, there was approximately $0.4 million of total unrecognized
compensation cost related to non-vested stock options, and that cost was expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period
of 2.4 years. As a result of the cancellation of all outstanding stock options and the application of fresh start accounting as
of the Effective Date (see Note 9    Subsequent Events ), unrecognized compensation costs related to stock options
outstanding as of March 31, 2016 are not recognized after the Effective Date.   The Company recorded stock-based compensation
expense in the three months ended March 31, 2016 and 2015 as follows: 

See Note 9    Subsequent Events
 for the grant of stock options to employees and directors under the Company s 2016 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan
after the Effective Date. 

Note 7   Fair Value
Measurements and Disclosures  

Financial Instruments Carried at
Cost   

Short-term financial instruments in our
condensed consolidated balance sheets, including accounts receivables and accounts payable, are carried at cost which approximates
fair value, due to their short-term nature. The fair value of our long-term convertible debt was approximately $25.4 million at
March 31, 2016. 

Fair Value Measurements    

Our condensed consolidated balance sheets
include certain financial instruments that are carried at fair value. Fair value is the price that would be received from the
sale of an asset or paid to transfer a liability assuming an orderly transaction in the most advantageous market at the measurement
date. U.S. GAAP establishes a hierarchical disclosure framework which prioritizes and ranks the level of observability of inputs
used in measuring fair value. These tiers include: 

Level 1, defined as observable inputs such as quoted
    prices in active markets for identical assets;   

Level 2, defined as observable inputs other than Level I prices
    such as quoted prices for similar assets; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable
    or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities; and   

Level 3, defined as unobservable inputs in which little or no
    market data exists, therefore requiring an entity to develop its own assumptions.   

An asset s or liability s
level within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of any input that is significant to the fair value measurement.
At each reporting period, we perform a detailed analysis of our assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value. All assets
and liabilities for which the fair value measurement is based on significant unobservable inputs or instruments which trade infrequently
and therefore have little or no price transparency are classified as Level 3. 

Financial Assets and Liabilities
Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis   

We have segregated our financial assets
and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis into the most appropriate level within the fair value hierarchy
based on the inputs used to determine the fair value at the measurement date in the table below. The inputs used in measuring
the fair value of cash and short-term investments are considered to be Level 1 in accordance with the three-tier fair value hierarchy.
The fair market values are based on period-end statements supplied by the various banks and brokers that held the majority of
our funds. 

We account for our derivative financial
instruments, consisting solely of certain stock purchase warrants that contain non-standard anti-dilutions provisions and/or cash
settlement features, and certain conversion options embedded in our convertible instruments, at fair value using level 3 inputs.
We determine the fair value of these derivative liabilities using the Black-Scholes option pricing model when appropriate, and
in certain circumstances using binomial lattice models or other accepted valuation practices. 

When
                                         determining the fair value of our financial assets and liabilities using the Black-Scholes
                                         option pricing model, we are required to use various estimates and unobservable inputs,
                                         including, among other things, contractual terms of the instruments, expected volatility
                                         of our stock price, expected dividends, and the risk-free interest rate. Changes in any
                                         of the assumptions related to the unobservable inputs identified above may change the
                                         fair value of the instrument. Increases in expected term, anticipated volatility and
                                         expected dividends generally result in increases in fair value, while decreases in the
                                         unobservable inputs generally result in decreases in fair value.   

When
                                         determining the fair value of our financial assets and liabilities using binomial lattice
                                         models or other accepted valuation practices, we also are required to use various estimates
                                         and unobservable inputs, including in addition to those listed above, the probability
                                         of certain events.   

As a result of our deteriorating financial
condition (as further evidenced by our filing for bankruptcy protection in January 2016) and decreased stock price in 2015, the
value of our derivative liabilities related to stock purchase warrants and embedded conversion option was  de minimis  as
of March 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015. All gains and losses arising from changes in the fair value of derivative instruments
are classified as the changes in the fair value of derivative instruments in the accompanying condensed consolidated statements
of operations. 

The following table represents the fair
value hierarchy for our financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of March 31, 2016 and
December 31, 2015. 

As
    of March 31, 2016        
 
      Description       
            Level
                                         1             
            Level
                                         2             
            Level
                                         3             
            Total         

Assets       

Investment in money
    market funds       
      $    362            
      $    -            
      $    -            
      $    362        

Total investment in money market funds       
      $    362            
      $    -            
      $    -            
      $    362        

Liabilities       

Embedded conversion options       
      $    -            
      $    -            
      $    -            
      $    -        
 
      Stock purchase warrants       
           -            
           -            
           -            
           -        

Total derivative liabilities       
      $    -            
      $    -            
      $    -            
      $    -        

The Level 1 assets measured at fair value
in the above table are classified as cash and cash equivalents in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets. 

During the quarters ended March 31, 2016
and 2015 we did not have any transfers between Level 1, Level 2, or Level 3 assets or liabilities. The following tables set forth
a summary of changes in the fair value of Level 3 liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis for the quarter ended
March 31, 2015: 

In February 2014, we purchased a Certificate
of Deposit ( CD ) from a commercial bank in the amount of $53,000. The CD bears interest at an annual rate of 0.10%
and matured on February 24, 2016 and was auto-renewed at the same rate with a maturity date of October 24, 2016. The carrying
value of the CD approximates its fair value. This CD collateralizes a letter of credit. See Note 8    Commitments and
Contingencies . 

We have no financial assets and liabilities
measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. 

Non-Financial Assets and Liabilities  Measured
at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis    

Property and equipment and intangible
assets are measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis (upon impairment). 

Definite-lived intangible assets  
trademarks, customer relationships and technology  

 As a result of our decision to discontinue
further funding of the ALD401 development program in June 2014, we recognized a noncash impairment charge of approximately $1.0
million to our trademarks during the second quarter of 2014. The carrying value of our definite-lived intangible asset at March
31, 2016 is $2,436,300. 

We have no non-financial assets and liabilities
measured at fair value on a recurring basis. 

Note 8   Commitments and Contingencies  

Under the Company s plan of reorganization
upon emergence from bankruptcy in July 2002, the then-outstanding Series A preferred stock and the dividends accrued thereon that
existed prior to emergence from bankruptcy were to be exchanged into one share of new common stock for every five shares of Series
A preferred stock held as of the date of emergence from bankruptcy. This exchange was contingent on the Company s attaining
aggregate gross revenues for four consecutive quarters of at least $10,000,000 and if met would result in the issuance of 325,000
shares of the Company s common stock. The Company reached such aggregate revenue levels as of the end of the quarter ended
June 30, 2012. As of March 31, 2016, 271,000 shares of common stock remained issuable pursuant to the 2002 plan of reorganization.
The shares issuable were cancelled as of the Effective Date (See Note 9    Subsequent Events ).    

In connection with the Deerfield Facility
Agreement, we entered into a registration rights agreement (the  RRA ) with Deerfield and agreed to register, among
other things, shares of our common stock issuable upon conversion and exercise of convertible notes and related common stock warrants.
In accordance with the RRA, we were obligated to file and maintain an effective registration statement until (i) the date when
all shares underlying the convertible notes and related warrants (and any other securities issued or issuable with respect to
in exchange for such shares) had been sold or (ii) at any time following the six month anniversary of the date of issuance, all
warrant shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants would be eligible for immediate resale pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities
Act. The RRA was terminated as of the Effective Date. (See Note 9    Subsequent Events. ) 

Our primary office and warehouse facilities
are located in Gaithersburg, Maryland, and comprise approximately 12,000 square feet. The facilities fall under two leases with
monthly rent, including our share of certain annual operating costs and taxes, at approximately $13,000 and $4,000 per month,
respectively, with each lease expiring in September 2019. In addition, we lease an approximately 2,100 square foot facility in
Nashville, Tennessee, which is being utilized as a commercial operation. The lease is approximately $4,000 per month excluding
our shares of annual operating expenses and expires April 30, 2018. We also lease a 16,300 square foot facility located in Durham,
North Carolina. This facility falls under one lease with monthly rent, including our share of certain annual operating costs and
taxes, at approximately $20,000 per month with the lease expiring December 31, 2018. As a result of our discontinuance of the
ALD-401 clinical trial, the Company ceased use of the facility in Durham, North Carolina on July 31, 2014 and sublet the facility
beginning August 1, 2014. The sublease rent is approximately $13,000 per month and expires December 31, 2018. 

In July 2009, in satisfaction of a Maryland
law pertaining to Wholesale Distributor Permits, we established a Letter of Credit, in the amount of $50,000, naming the Maryland
Board of Pharmacy as the beneficiary. This Letter of Credit serves as security for the performance by us of our obligations under
applicable Maryland law and is collateralized by a Certificate of Deposit maintained at a commercial bank. 

The Company and the MVF agreed to execute
a certain Stock Repurchase Agreement which required us to repurchase the MVF s investment, at MVF s option, upon certain
events outside of our control; provided, however, that in the event that, at the time of either such event our securities were
listed on a national securities exchange, the foregoing repurchase would not be triggered.    This Stock Repurchase
Agreement was cancelled in conjunction with the Company s bankruptcy proceedings in 2016. 

Note 9   Subsequent Events  

Bankruptcy and Emergence from Bankruptcy   

Overview  

On January 26, 2016, the Company filed
a voluntary petition in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware (the  Bankruptcy Court ) seeking
relief under Chapter 11 of Title 11 of the United States Code (the  Bankruptcy Code ), which is administered under
the caption  In re: Nuo Therapeutics, Inc. , Case No. 16-10192 (MFW) (the  Chapter 11 Case ). 

On April 25, 2016 (the  Confirmation
Date ), the Bankruptcy Court entered an Order Granting Final Approval of Disclosure Statement and Confirming Debtor s
Plan of Reorganization (the  Confirmation Order ), which confirmed the Modified First Amended Plan of Reorganization
of the Debtor under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code (as confirmed, the  Plan  or  Plan of Reorganization ). 

Scenario A contemplated by the Plan became
effective on May 5, 2016 (the  Effective Date ).  Pursuant to the Plan, as of the Effective Date (i) all equity
interests of the Company, including but not limited to all shares of the Company s common stock, $0.0001 par value per share
(including its redeemable common stock)(the  Old Common Stock ), warrants and options, that were issuable or issued
and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Date, were cancelled, (ii) the Company s certificate of incorporation
in effect immediately prior to the Effective Date was amended and restated in its entirety, (iii) the Company s by-laws
in effect immediately prior to the Effective Date were amended and restated in their entirety, and (iv) the Company issued New
Common Stock, Warrants and Series A Preferred Stock (all as defined below).  

Common Stock  

Recapitalization   

In accordance with the Plan of Reorganization,
as of the Effective Date, the Company issued 7,500,000 shares (the  Recapitalization Shares ) of new common stock,
par value $0.0001 per share (the  New Common Stock ) to certain accredited investors (the  Recapitalization
Investors ) for gross cash proceeds of $7,300,000 and net cash to the Company of $7,052,500 (the  Recapitalization
Financing ).  200,000 of the 7,500,000 shares of New Common Stock were issued in partial payment of an advisory fee. 
The net cash amount excludes the effect of $100,000 in offering expenses paid from the proceeds of the DIP Financing, which was
converted into Series A Preferred Stock as of the Effective Date as described below under   Series A Preferred Stock . 
As part of the Recapitalization Financing, the Company also issued warrants to purchase 6,180,000 shares of New Common Stock to
certain of the Recapitalization Investors (the  Warrants ). The Warrants terminate on May 5, 2021 and are exercisable
at any time on or after November 5, 2016 at exercise prices ranging from $0.50 per share to $1.00 per share.  The number
of shares of New Common Stock underlying a Warrant and its exercise price are subject to customary adjustments upon subdivisions,
combinations, payment of stock dividends, reclassifications, reorganizations and consolidations.  

A significant majority of the Recapitalization
Investors executed backstop commitments to purchase up to 12,800,000 additional shares of New Common Stock for an aggregate purchase
price of up to $3,000,000 (collectively, the  Backstop Commitment). The Company cannot call the Backstop Commitment prior
to June 30, 2017. 

With respect to each Recapitalization Investor
who executed a Backstop Commitment, the commitment terminates on the earlier of (i) the date on which the Company receives net
proceeds (after deducting all costs, expenses and commissions) from the sale of New Common Stock in the aggregate amount of the
Backstop Commitment, (ii) the date that all shares of Series A Preferred Stock (as defined below) have been redeemed by the Company
or (iii) the date that all shares of Series A Preferred Stock are no longer owned by entities affiliated with Deerfield Mgmt,
L.P., Deerfield Management Company, L.P., Deerfield Special Situations Fund, L.P., and Deerfield Private Design Fund II, L.P. 
( Termination Date ). Under the terms of the Backstop Commitment, the Company is obligated to pay to the committed
Recapitalization Investors upon the Termination Date a commitment fee of $250,000 in the aggregate. 

As of the Effective Date, the Company entered
into a registration rights agreement (the  Registration Rights Agreement ) with the Recapitalization Investors. 
The Registration Rights Agreement provides certain resale registration rights to the Recapitalization Investors with respect to
securities received in the Recapitalization Financing.  Pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, the Company has agreed
to use its best efforts to prepare and file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission a  shelf  registration
statement covering the resale of the shares of New Common Stock issued to the Recapitalization Investors on the Effective Date. 

Issuance of New
Common Stock to Holders of Old Common Stock   

Under the Plan, the Company committed to the
issuance of up to 3,000,000 shares of New Common Stock and subsequently issued 2,264,612 shares of New Common Stock (the  Exchange
Shares ) to record holders of the Old Common Stock as of March 28, 2016 who executed and timely delivered the required release
documents no later than July 5, 2016 in accordance with the Confirmation Order and the Plan.  The holders of Old Common Stock
who executed and timely delivered the required release documents are referred to as the  Releasing Holders.  

The 2,264,612 Exchange Shares were issued
as of the Effective Date to Releasing Holders who asserted ownership of a number of shares of Old Common Stock that matched the
Company s records or could otherwise be confirmed, at a rate of one share of New Common Stock for every 41.8934 shares of
Old Common Stock held by such holders as of March 28, 2016. In accordance with the Plan, if the calculation would otherwise have
resulted in the issuance to any Releasing Holder of a number of shares of New Common Stock that is not a whole number, then the
number of shares actually issued to such Releasing Holder was determined by rounding down to the nearest number. 

Issuance of Shares
in Exchange for Administrative Claims   

As of June 20, 2016, the Company issued 162,500
shares of New Common Stock (the  Administrative Claim Shares ) pursuant to the Order Granting Application of the Ad
Hoc Equity Committee Pursuant to 11 U.S.C.    503(b)(3)(D) and 503(b)(4) for Allowance of Fees and Expenses Incurred
in Making a Substantial Contribution, entered by the Bankruptcy Court on June 20, 2016.   The Administrative Claim Shares
were issued to holders of administrative claims under sections 503(b)(3)(D) and 503(b)(4) of the Bankruptcy Code. Of the 162,500
shares, 100,000 shares were issued to outside counsel to the Ad Hoc Equity Committee of the Company s equity holders as compensation
of all remaining allowed fees for legal services provided by such counsel, and 62,500 were issued to designees of the Ad Hoc Equity Committee who had granted loans in an aggregate amount of $62,500 to the Ad Hoc Equity Committee in December 2015 as repayment of such loans. 

Series A Preferred Stock  

On the Effective Date, the Company filed a
Certificate of Designations of Series A Preferred Stock (the  Certificate of Designations ) with the Delaware Secretary
of State, designating 29,038 shares of the Company s undesignated preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share, as Series
A Preferred Stock (the  Series A Preferred Stock ). On the Effective Date, the Company issued 29,038 shares of Preferred
Stock to the Deerfield Lenders in accordance with the Plan pursuant to the exemption from the registration requirements of the
Securities Act provided by Section 1145 of the Bankruptcy Code. The Deerfield Lenders did not receive any shares of New Common
Stock or other equity interests in the Company. 

The Series A Preferred Stock has no stated
maturity date, is not convertible or redeemable and carries a liquidation preference of $29,038,000, which is required to be paid
to holders of such Series A Preferred Stock before any payments are made with respect to shares of New Common Stock (and other
capital stock that is not issued on parity or senior to the Series A Preferred Stock) upon a liquidation or change in control
transaction.  For so long as Series A Preferred Stock is outstanding, the holders of Series A Preferred Stock have the right
to nominate and elect one member of the board of directors of the Company (the  Board of Directors ) and to have such
director serve on a standing committee of the Board of Directors established to exercise powers of the Board of Directors in respect
of decisions or actions relating to the Backstop Commitment.   Lawrence Atinsky serves as the designee of the holders
of Series A Preferred Stock. The Series A Preferred Stock have voting rights, voting with the New Common Stock as a single class,
representing approximately one percent (1%) of the voting rights of the capital stock of the Company, and the holders of Series
A Preferred Stock have the right to approve certain transactions and incurrences of debt. The Certificate of Designations limits
the Company s ability to pay dividends on or purchase shares of its capital stock. 

Assignment and Assumption Agreement; Transition
Services Agreement  

Pursuant to the Plan, on May 5, 2016, the Company
entered into an Assignment and Assumption Agreement with Deerfield SS, LLC (the  Assignee ), the designee of the Deerfield
Lenders, to assign to the Assignee the Company s rights, title and interest in and to the Arthrex Agreement, and to transfer
and assign to the Assignee associated intellectual property owned by the Company and licensed thereunder, as well as rights to
collect royalty payments thereunder. The assignment and transfer was effected in exchange for a reduction of $15,000,000 in the
amount of the allowed claim of the Deerfield Lenders pursuant to the Plan. As a result of the assignment and transfer, the Aurix
System currently represents the Company s only commercial product offering. 

On the Effective Date, the Company and the
Assignee entered into a Transition Services Agreement in which the Company agreed to continue to service the Arthrex Agreement
for a transition period. 

Termination of Deerfield Facility Agreement
and DIP Credit Agreement  

On the Effective Date, the obligations of
the Company under the Deerfield Facility Agreement and under the DIP Credit Agreement were cancelled in accordance with the Plan
of Reorganization and the Company ceased to have any obligations thereunder. 

Equity Awards   

In July 2016, the Board of Directors approved,
and in August 2016 it amended, the Company s 2016 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan (the  2016 Omnibus Plan ),
which remains subject to approval by the Company s stockholders. In July and August 2016, the Board of Directors granted
options to purchase an aggregate of 1,362,500 shares of New Common Stock to certain of the Company s management, employees
and directors, subject to approval of the 2016 Omnibus Plan by the Company s stockholders, of which 105,000 options have
been forfeited subsequent to their grant. 

Boyalife Distribution Agreement   

Effective as of May 5, 2016, the Company and
Boyalife Hong Kong Ltd. ( Boyalife ), an entity affiliated with the Company s significant shareholder, Boyalife
Investment Fund I, Inc., entered into an Exclusive License and Distribution Agreement (the  Boyalife Distribution Agreement )
with an initial term of five years, unless the agreement is terminated earlier in accordance with its terms.  Under this
agreement, Boyalife received a non-transferable, exclusive license, with limited right to sublicense, to use certain of the Company s
intellectual property relating to its Aurix System for the purposes and in the territory specified below.  Under the agreement,
Boyalife is entitled to import, use for development, promote, market, sell and distribute the Aurix Products in greater China
(China, Hong Kong, Taiwan and Macau) for all regenerative medicine applications, including but not limited to wound care and topical
dermatology applications in human and veterinary medicine.   Aurix Products  are defined as the combination of
devices to produce a wound dressing from the patient s blood - as of May 5, 2016 consisting of centrifuge, wound dressing
kit and reagent kit.  Under the Boyalife Distribution Agreement, Boyalife is obligated to pay the Company (a) $500,000 within
90 days of approval of the Aurix Products by the China Food and Drug Administration ( CFDA ), but no earlier than
December 31, 2018, and (b) a distribution fee per wound dressing kit and reagent kit of $40, payable quarterly, subject to an
agreement by the parties to discuss in good faith the appropriate distribution fee if the pricing of such kits exceeds the current
general pricing in greater China.   Under the agreement, Boyalife is entitled, with the Company s approval (not
to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) to procure devices from a third party in order to assemble them with devices supplied
by the Company to make the Aurix Products.  Boyalife also has a right of first refusal with respect to the Aurix Products
in specified countries in the Asia Pacific region excluding Japan and India, exercisable in exchange for a payment of no greater
than $250,000 in the aggregate.  If Boyalife files a new patent application for a new invention relating to wound dressings,
the Aurix Products or the Company s technology, Boyalife will grant the Company a free, non-exclusive license to use such
patent application outside greater China during the term of the Boyalife Distribution Agreement. 

Three Party Letter Agreement Among Nuo, Arthrex and Deerfield   

On October 20, 2016, the Company entered into a letter agreement (the  Three Party Letter Agreement )
with Arthrex and Deerfield SS, LLC (the  Assignee ), which extends the transition period under the Transition Services
Agreement through January 15, 2017.  Under the terms of the Three Party Letter Agreement, subject to Arthrex making a payment
of $201,200 to the Company on October 28, 2016, (a) the Company has sold, conveyed, transferred and assigned to Arthrex its title
and interest in the Company s inventory of Angel products (including spare parts therefor) and production equipment, and
(b) the Assignee is obligated to make three equal payments of $33,333.33 each to the Company as consideration for the extension
of the transition period.   Under the terms of the Three Party Letter Agreement, the Company will have no further obligations
under the Transition Services Agreement or the Amended Arthrex Agreement after January 15, 2017.  The agreement contains a
full and irrevocable release of Arthrex by the Company with respect to any actions, claims or other liabilities for payments of
Royalty (as defined in the Amended Arthrex Agreement) owed to the Company based on sales of Angel products occurring on or before
June 30, 2016, and a full and irrevocable release of the Company and the Assignee by Arthrex with respect to any actions, claims
or other liabilities arising under the Amended Arthrex Agreement as of the date of the Three Party Letter Agreement.  Neither
Arthrex nor the Assignee assumed any liabilities or obligations of the Company in connection with the Three Party Letter Agreement. 

ITEM 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations  

The following discussion and analysis of
the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements
and related notes appearing elsewhere in this Quarterly Report and our Annual Report filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission, or the Commission.   

Important
Note About Our Bankruptcy, Emergence from Bankruptcy and Fresh-Start Accounting  

Following the consummation of the Plan
of Reorganization, the Company s financial condition and results of operations from and after May 5, 2016 will not be comparable
to the financial condition or results of operations reflected in the Company s prior financial statements (including those
contained in this Quarterly Report and described below) due to the Company s application of fresh-start accounting to its
financial statements from and after May 5, 2016. Fresh-start accounting requires the Company to adjust its assets and liabilities
contained in its financial statements, immediately prior to its emergence from bankruptcy protection to their estimated fair values
using the acquisition method of accounting. Those adjustments will be material and will affect the Company s results of
operations from and after May 5, 2016. For that reason, it is difficult to assess our performance in periods beginning on or after
May 5, 2016 in relation to prior periods. For further details, please refer to the  Explanatory Note  at the beginning
of this Quarterly Report.  

Special Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements  

Some of the information in this Quarterly
Report (including this section) contains  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Forward-looking statements
are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties and actual results and outcomes may differ materially from the results and outcomes
discussed in or anticipated by the forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include, without limitation, any statement
that may predict, forecast, indicate, or imply future results, performance, or achievements, and may contain the words  anticipate, 
 believe,   estimate,   expect,   intend,   the facts suggest,   will, 
 will be,   will continue,   will likely result,   could,   may  and
words of similar import. These statements reflect the Company s current view of future events and are subject to certain
risks and uncertainties as noted in this Quarterly Report and in other reports filed by us with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
including Forms 8-K, 10-Q, and 10-K. These risks and uncertainties include, among others, the following: 

our
                                         limited sources of working capital;   

our
                                         need for substantial additional financing and our ability to obtain that financing, whether
                                         equity or debt, in the post-restructuring environment;   

our
                                         history of losses and future expectations;   

our
                                         short history and limited operating experience;   

our
                                         and Restorix  successful implementation of our Collaboration Agreement;   

whether
                                         the Centers for Medicare   Medicaid Services ( CMS ) will continue to
                                         consider its treatment of the geometric mean cost of the services underlying Aurix to
                                         be comparable to the geometric mean cost of APC 5054 in the future;   

our
                                         ability to maintain classification of Aurix as APC 5054;   

whether
                                         CMS will continue to maintain a national average reimbursement rate of $1,411 per Aurix
                                         treatment, and, more generally, our ability to continue to be reimbursed at a profitable
                                         national average rate per application in the future;   

uncertainties
                                         surrounding the timing of our ability to commence trading of our common stock on an OTC
                                         market, the price at which our common stock will commence and continue trading, and the
                                         trading volume or liquidity of our common stock;   

our
                                         ability to apply fresh start accounting as of and for periods beginning on or after the
                                         Effective Date;   

our
                                         ability to meet our obligations under the Transition Services Agreement with the Deerfield
                                         Lenders (defined below), as supplemented by the Three Party Letter Agreement;   

our
                                         reliance on several single source suppliers and our ability to source raw materials at
                                         affordable costs;   

our
                                         ability to protect our intellectual property;   

our
                                         compliance with governmental regulations;   

the
                                         success of our clinical study protocols under our Coverage with Evidence Development
                                         program   

our
                                         ability to contract with healthcare providers;   

our
                                         ability to successfully sell and market the Aurix System;   

the
                                         acceptance of our products by the medical community;   

our
                                         ability to attract and retain key personnel; and   

our
                                         ability to successfully pursue strategic collaborations to help develop, support or commercialize
                                         our products.   

Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties
materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in
these forward-looking statements. 

In addition to the risks identified under
the heading  Risk Factors  in our Annual Report and the other filings referenced above, other sections of this report
may include additional factors which could adversely affect our business and financial performance. Moreover, we operate in a
very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risk factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for management
to predict all such risk factors, nor can it assess the impact of all such risk factors on our business, or the extent to which
any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking
statements. Given these risks and uncertainties, investors should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements as a
prediction of actual results. 

Finally, we can offer no assurances that we
have correctly estimated the resources necessary to execute under our existing customer agreements and seek partners, co-developers
or acquirers for our regenerative therapies post-reorganization. If a larger workforce or one with a different skillset is ultimately
required to implement our post-reorganization strategy successfully, or if we inaccurately estimated the cash and cash equivalents
necessary to finance our operations, or if we are unable to identify additional sources of capital if necessary to continue our
operations, our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows may be materially and adversely affected. 

The Company undertakes no obligation and does
not intend to update, revise or otherwise publicly release any revisions to its forward-looking statements to reflect events or
circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of any unanticipated events. 

Bankruptcy and Emergence from Bankruptcy 

Filing of Petition 

On January 26, 2016, the Company filed a voluntary
petition in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware (the  Bankruptcy Court ) seeking relief
under Chapter 11 of Title 11 of the United States Code (the  Bankruptcy Code ), which is administered under the caption
 In re: Nuo Therapeutics, Inc. , Case No. 16-10192 (MFW) (the  Chapter 11 Case ). During the pendency
of the Chapter 11 Case, the Company continued to operate its business as a  debtor-in-possession  under the jurisdiction
of the Bankruptcy Court and in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Bankruptcy Code and orders of the Bankruptcy Court. 

In conjunction with the Company s filing
of the Chapter 11 Case, on January 29, 2016, the Bankruptcy Court granted the Company's motion and entered an interim order which
required certain notices and restricted proposed transfers of the Company's equity securities by any person or entity that beneficially
owned, or would have owned following a proposed transfer, at least 6,200,000 shares of the Company s common stock, par value
$0.0001 per share (the  Old Common Stock ), representing approximately 5.0% of the Company's issued and outstanding
shares at the time. 

Debtor-in-Possession Financing 

In connection with the Chapter 11 Case, on
January 28, 2016, the Bankruptcy Court entered an order approving the Company's interim debtor-in-possession financing ( DIP
Financing ) pursuant to terms set forth in a senior secured, superpriority debtor-in-possession credit agreement (the  DIP
Credit Agreement ), dated as of January 28, 2016, by and among the Company, as borrower, each lender from time to time party
to the DIP Credit Agreement, including, but not limited to Deerfield Private Design Fund II, L.P., Deerfield Private Design International
II, L.P., and Deerfield Special Situations Fund, L.P. (collectively, the  Deerfield Lenders ) and Deerfield Mgmt,
L.P., as administrative agent (the  DIP Agent ) for the Deerfield Lenders. The Deerfield Lenders comprised 100% of
the lenders under the then-existing facility agreement by and among the Company and the Deerfield Lenders, entered into as of
March 31, 2014, as amended (the  Deerfield Facility Agreement ). 

On March 9, 2016, the Bankruptcy Court approved
on a final basis the Company's motion for approval of the DIP Credit Agreement and use of cash collateral, and approved a Waiver
and First Amendment to the DIP Credit Agreement (the  Waiver and First Amendment ) with the Deerfield Lenders and
DIP Agent, pursuant to which the DIP Credit Agreement was approved to include certain amendments, including the material terms
of the proposed restructuring of the prepetition and post-petition secured debt, unsecured debt and equity interests of the Company,
the terms of which were eventually effected pursuant to the Plan of Reorganization (as defined below). The Waiver and First Amendment
provided for senior secured loans in the aggregate principal amount of up to $6 million in post-petition financing (collectively,
the  DIP Loans ). In accordance with the Plan of Reorganization, as of the Effective Date, the DIP Credit Agreement
was terminated. 

Plan of Reorganization and Emergence
from Bankruptcy 

On April 25, 2016, the Bankruptcy Court entered
an Order Granting Final Approval of Disclosure Statement and Confirming Debtor s Plan of Reorganization (the  Confirmation
Order ), which confirmed the Modified First Amended Plan of Reorganization of the Debtor under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy
Code (as confirmed, the  Plan of Reorganization ). 

The Plan of Reorganization contemplated that,
prior to the effective date of such plan (which would occur no later than May 5, 2016), the Company would seek to raise not less
than $10,500,000 in funding (of which $3,000,000 could be in the form of backstop irrevocable capital call commitments from creditworthy
obligors in the reasonable judgment of the Deerfield Lenders (collectively, the  Backstop Commitment )) through a
private placement of common stock of the reorganized Company (in such event, a  Successful Capital Raise ). If the
Company were unable to achieve a Successful Capital Raise, then the Plan of Reorganization contemplated alternative treatment
of certain claims and equity interests. The proposed treatment of claims and equity interests in the event of a Successful Capital
Raise was defined under the Plan of Reorganization as  Scenario A.  

The Company having met the conditions contemplated
for the Scenario A Successful Capital Raise, the Plan of Reorganization became effective on the Effective Date. Pursuant to the
Plan of Reorganization, as of the Effective Date (i) all equity interests of the Company, including but not limited to all shares
of the Company s common stock, $0.0001 par value per share (including its redeemable common stock)(the  Old Common
Stock ), warrants and options, that were issuable or issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Date, were
cancelled, (ii) the Company s certificate of incorporation in effect immediately prior to the Effective Date was amended
and restated in its entirety, as described in the Company s Form 8-A filed on May 10, 2016 (such description is incorporated
herein by reference), (iii) the Company s by-laws in effect immediately prior to the Effective Date were amended and restated
in their entirety as described in the Company s Form 8-A filed on May 10, 2016 (such description is incorporated herein
by reference), and (iv) the Company issued New Common Stock, Warrants and Series A Preferred Stock (all as defined below). 

The Plan of Reorganization and the Confirmation
Order were filed as Exhibits 2.1 and 99.1, respectively, to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 28,
2016, and are incorporated herein by reference. 

New Common Stock 

Recapitalization  

In accordance with the Plan of Reorganization,
as of the Effective Date, the Company issued 7,500,000 shares (the  Recapitalization Shares ) of new common stock,
par value $0.0001 per share (the  New Common Stock ) to certain accredited investors (the  Recapitalization
Investors ) for gross cash proceeds of $7,300,000 and net cash to the Company of $7,052,500 (the  Recapitalization
Financing ).  200,000 of the 7,500,000 shares of New Common Stock were issued in partial payment of an advisory fee. 
The net cash amount excludes the effect of $100,000 in offering expenses paid from the proceeds of the DIP Financing which was
converted into Series A Preferred Stock as of the Effective Date. As part of the Recapitalization Financing, the Company also
issued warrants to purchase 6,180,000 shares of New Common Stock to certain of the Recapitalization Investors (the  Warrants ).
The Warrants terminate on May 5, 2021 and are exercisable at any time on or after November 5, 2016 at exercise prices ranging
from $0.50 per share to $1.00 per share. The number of shares of New Common Stock underlying a Warrant and its exercise price
are subject to customary adjustments upon subdivisions, combinations, payment of stock dividends, reclassifications, reorganizations
and consolidations. The Form of Warrant was filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated May
5, 2016, and is incorporated herein by reference. 

The Recapitalization Shares and Warrants were
issued to the Recapitalization Investors pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of
1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ) provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and/or Rule 506 promulgated
thereunder. 

A significant majority of the Recapitalization
Investors executed backstop commitments to purchase up to 12,800,000 additional shares of New Common Stock for an aggregate purchase
price of up to $3,000,000 (collectively, the  Backstop Commitment ). The Company cannot call the Backstop Commitment
prior to June 30, 2017. 

With respect to each Recapitalization Investor
who executed a Backstop Commitment, the commitment terminates on the earlier of (i) the date on which the Company receives net
proceeds (after deducting all costs, expenses and commissions) from the sale of New Common Stock in the aggregate amount of the
Backstop Commitment, (ii) the date that all shares of Series A Preferred Stock (as defined below) have been redeemed by the Company
or (iii) the date that all shares of Series A Preferred Stock are no longer owned by entities affiliated with Deerfield (the  Termination
Date ). Under the terms of the Backstop Commitment, the Company is obligated to pay to the committed Recapitalization Investors
upon the Termination Date a commitment fee of $250,000 in the aggregate. 

As of the Effective Date, the Company entered
into a registration rights agreement (the  Registration Rights Agreement ) with the Recapitalization Investors. The
Registration Rights Agreement provides certain resale registration rights to the Recapitalization Investors with respect to securities
obtained in the Recapitalization Financing. Pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, the Company has agreed to use its best
efforts to prepare and file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission a  shelf  registration statement covering
the resale of the shares of New Common Stock issued to the Recapitalization Investors on the Effective Date. The Registration
Rights Agreement was filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 5, 2016, and is incorporated
herein by reference. 

Issuance of New Common Stock to Holders
of Old Common Stock  

As of the Effective Date, the Company issued
2,264,612 shares of New Common Stock (the  Exchange Shares ) to record holders of the Old Common Stock as of March
28, 2016 who executed and timely delivered the required release documents no later than July 5, 2016 in accordance with the Confirmation
Order and the Plan of Reorganization. The holders of Old Common Stock who executed and timely delivered the required release documents
are referred to as the  Releasing Holders.  

The 2,264,612 Exchange Shares were issued
as of the Effective Date to Releasing Holders who asserted ownership of a number of shares of Old Common Stock that matched the
Company s records or could otherwise be confirmed, at a rate of one share of New Common Stock for every 41.8934 shares of
Old Common Stock held by such holders as of March 28, 2016. In accordance with the Plan of Reorganization, if the calculation
would otherwise have resulted in the issuance to any Releasing Holder of a number of shares of New Common Stock that is not a
whole number, then the number of shares actually issued to such Releasing Holder was determined by rounding down to the nearest
number. 

In accordance with the Plan of Reorganization,
the Exchange Shares were issued under the exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided by Section
1145 of the United States Bankruptcy Code. 

Issuance of New Common Stock in Exchange
for Administrative Claims  

As of June 20, 2016, the Company issued 162,500
shares of New Common Stock (the  Administrative Claim Shares ) pursuant to the Order Granting Application of the Ad
Hoc Equity Committee Pursuant to 11 U.S.C.    503(b)(3)(D) and 503(b)(4) for Allowance of Fees and Expenses Incurred
in Making a Substantial Contribution, entered by the Bankruptcy Court on June 20, 2016. The Administrative Claim Shares were issued
to holders of administrative claims under sections 503(b)(3)(D) and 503(b)(4) of the Bankruptcy Code. Of the 162,500 shares, 100,000
shares were issued to outside counsel to the ad hoc committee of the Company s equity holders as payment of all remaining
allowed fees for legal services provided by such counsel, and 62,500 were issued to designees of the ad hoc committee who had
granted loans in an aggregate amount of $62,500 to the committee in December 2015 as repayment of such loans. 

The Administrative Claim Shares were issued
under the exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act
and/or Rule 506 thereunder. 

Series A Preferred Stock 

On the Effective Date, the Company filed a
Certificate of Designations of Series A Preferred Stock (the  Certificate of Designations ) with the Delaware Secretary
of State, designating 29,038 shares of the Company s undesignated preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share, as Series
A Preferred Stock (the  Series A Preferred Stock ). A copy of the Certificate of Designations is attached as Exhibit
3.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 5, 2016, and is incorporated herein by reference. On the Effective
Date, the Company issued 29,038 shares of Series A Preferred Stock to the Deerfield Lenders in accordance with the Plan of Reorganization
pursuant to the exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided by Section 1145 of the Bankruptcy
Code. The Deerfield Lenders did not receive any shares of New Common Stock or other equity interests in the Company. 

The Series A Preferred Stock has no stated
maturity date, is not convertible or redeemable and carries a liquidation preference of $29,038,000, which is required to be paid
to holders of such Series A Preferred Stock before any payments are made with respect to shares of New Common Stock (and other
capital stock that is not issued on parity or senior to the Series A Preferred Stock) upon a liquidation or change in control
transaction. For so long as Series A Preferred Stock is outstanding, the holders of Series A Preferred Stock have the right to
nominate and elect one member of the board of directors of the Company (the  Board of Directors ) and to have such
director serve on a standing committee of the Board of Directors established to exercise powers of the Board of Directors in respect
of decisions or actions relating to the Backstop Commitment. Lawrence Atinsky serves as the designee of the holders of Series
A Preferred Stock, which are all currently affiliates of Deerfield Management Company, L.P., of which Mr. Atinsky is a Partner.
The Series A Preferred Stock have voting rights, voting with the New Common Stock as a single class, representing approximately
one percent (1%) of the voting rights of the capital stock of the Company, and the holders of Series A Preferred Stock have the
right to approve certain transactions. Under the Certificate of Designations, for so long as the Backstop Commitment remains in
effect, a majority of the members of the standing backstop committee of the Board of Directors may approve a drawdown under the
Backstop Commitment. Among other restrictions, the Certificate of Designations for our Series A Preferred Stock limits the Company s
ability to (i) issue securities that are senior or pari passu with the Series A Preferred Stock, (ii) incur debt other than for
working capital purposes not in excess of $3.0 million, (iii) issue securities that are junior to the Series A Preferred Stock
and that provide certain consent rights to the holders of such junior securities in connection with a liquidation or contain certain
liquidation preferences, (iv) pay dividends on or purchase shares of its capital stock, and (v) change the authorized number of
members of its Board of Directors to a number other than five, in each case without the consent of holders representing at least
two-thirds of the outstanding shares Series A Preferred Stock. 

Assignment and Assumption Agreement;
Transition Services Agreement   

Pursuant to the Plan of Reorganization, on
May 5, 2016, the Company entered into an Assignment and Assumption Agreement with Deerfield SS, LLC (the  Assignee ),
the designee of the Deerfield Lenders, to assign to the Assignee the Company s rights, title and interest in and to its
existing license agreement with Arthrex, or the Arthrex Agreement, and to transfer and assign to the Assignee associated intellectual
property owned by the Company and licensed thereunder, as well as rights to collect royalty payments thereunder. The assignment
and transfer was effected in exchange for a reduction of $15,000,000 in the amount of the allowed claim of the Deerfield Lenders
pursuant to the Plan of Reorganization. As a result of the assignment and transfer, the Aurix System currently represents the
Company s only commercial product offering. 

Pursuant to the Plan of
Reorganization, on May 5, 2016, the Company also entered into a Transition Services Agreement with the Assignee. The
Transition Services Agreement generally contemplates that, during a transition period, we will continue to provide for the
manufacture and supply to Arthrex of the Angel product line in accordance with the terms of the Arthrex Agreement, and to
provide our full cooperation, as commercially reasonable, to assist Arthrex with the manufacture and supply of the Angel
product line. Initially, our obligation to provide such transition services was not to extend beyond October 15, 2016 unless
agreed between the Company and the Assignee. On October 20, 2016, the Company entered into a letter agreement (the  Three Party Letter Agreement )
with Arthrex and the Assignee, which extends the transition period under the Transition Services Agreement through January 15,
2017.  The Assignment and Assumption Agreement and the Transition Services Agreement were
filed as Exhibit 10.1 and Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 5, 2016, respectively, and
are incorporated herein by reference. The Three Party Letter Agreement was filed as Exhibit 10.47 to our Annual Report, and is incorporated herein
by reference. 

Termination of Deerfield Facility
Agreement and DIP Credit Agreement 

On the Effective Date, the obligations of
the Company under the Deerfield Facility Agreement and under the DIP Credit Agreement were cancelled in accordance with the Plan
of Reorganization and the Company ceased to have any obligations thereunder. 

Board of Directors 

On the Effective Date, pursuant to the Plan
of Reorganization, the size of the Board of Directors was fixed at five members, Stephen N. Keith resigned from the Board of Directors
and Scott M. Pittman and Lawrence Atinsky were appointed to the Board of Directors. Joseph Del Guercio, David E. Jorden and C.
Eric Winzer remained on the Board of Directors. Mr. Atinsky was appointed to the Board of Directors by the holders of the Series
A Preferred Stock. 

Trading in the New Common Stock 

The shares of New Common Stock are not currently
eligible for trading on an OTC market. The Company is working with its advisors to become current in its periodic reporting obligations
under the Exchange Act, to obtain FINRA approval for trading, and to obtain eligibility through the Depository Trust Company for
electronic distribution of shares to brokerage accounts. There can be no assurances that the Company will be successful in these
endeavors. 

Our Business  

Nuo Therapeutics, Inc. ( we, 
 us,   Nuo Therapeutics,   Nuo  and the  Company ) is a regenerative therapies
company developing and marketing products primarily within the U.S. We commercialize innovative cell-based technologies that harness
the regenerative capacity of the human body to trigger natural healing. The use of autologous (from self) biological therapies
for tissue repair and regeneration is part of a transformative clinical strategy designed to improve long term recovery in complex
chronic conditions with significant unmet medical needs. 

Our current commercial offering consists of
point of care technology for the safe and efficient separation of autologous blood to produce a platelet-based therapy for the
chronic wound care market. During the quarter ended March 31, 2016, we had two distinct Platelet Rich Plasma ( PRP )
devices, the Aurix System for chronic wound care, and the Angel concentrated PRP ( cPRP ) system for usage generally
within the orthopedics market. Approximately 85% of our product sales during the year ended December 31, 2015 were in the United
States, where we sold Aurix through direct sales representatives and Angel via our distribution agreements with Arthrex. 

As described above under   Bankruptcy
and Emergence from Bankruptcy ,  on May 5, 2016 the Company entered into an Assignment and Assumption Agreement with
Deerfield SS, LLC (the  Assignee ), the designee of the Deerfield Lenders, to assign to the Assignee the Company s
rights, title and interest in and to the Arthrex Agreement, and to transfer and assign to the Assignee associated intellectual
property owned by the Company and licensed under the Arthrex Agreement, as well as rights to collect royalty payments thereunder.
On May 5, 2016, the Company and the Assignee also entered into a Transition Services Agreement in which the Company agreed to
continue to service the Arthrex Agreement for a transition period. As a result of the assignment and transfer, the Aurix System
currently represents our only commercial product offering. 

Growth drivers in the United States include
the treatment of chronic wounds with Aurix in (i) the Veterans Affairs ( VA ) healthcare system and other federal
accounts settings and (ii) the Medicare population under a National Coverage Determination ( NCD ) when registry data
is collected under the Coverage with Evidence Development ( CED ) program of the Centers for Medicare   Medicaid
Services ( CMS ). 

The Aurix System   

In October 2014, we relaunched our AutoloGel
chronic wound care system under the Aurix brand, as a part of our strategic plan for the commercialization of Aurix in the U.S.
chronic wound care market. 

The Aurix   System is a point of
care device for the rapid production of a platelet based bioactive wound treatment derived from a small sample of the patient s
own blood. Aurix is cleared by the FDA for use on exuding wounds and is currently marketed in the chronic wound market. The advanced
wound care market, within which Aurix competes, is composed of advanced wound care dressings, wound care devices, and wound care
biologics, and is estimated to be an approximate $12.5 billion global market according to the visiongain Advanced Wound Care Market
Forecast 2015-2025, published in 2015. The most significant growth driver for Aurix is the 2012 NCD from CMS, which reversed a
twenty year old non-coverage decision for autologous blood derived products used in wound care. The Company s recent collaboration
with Restorix Health, Inc. ( Restorix ) (as described below) is strategically intended to drive patient enrollment
in the data registry protocols being conducted under the CED program. 

Using the patient s own platelets as
a therapeutic agent, Aurix harnesses the body s natural healing processes to deliver growth factors, chemokines and cytokines
known to promote angiogenesis and to regulate cell growth and the formation of new tissue. Once applied to the prepared wound
bed, the biologically active platelet gel can restore the balance in the wound environment to transform a non-healing wound to
a wound that heals naturally. There have been nine peer-reviewed scientific and clinical publications demonstrating the effectiveness
of Aurix in the management of chronic wounds since the device and gel was cleared by the FDA in 2007. 

CMS previously advised us that payment levels
for reimbursement claims with respect to Aurix would be reviewed annually and subject to change. Any decision by CMS to decrease
payment rates for reimbursement claims will negatively impact the Company's economic value proposition for Aurix in the market
for advanced wound care therapies, and could have material adverse effects on the Company s financial position and results
of operations. 

In July 2015, CMS released the proposed Hospital
Outpatient Prospective Payment System (HOPPS) rule for calendar year 2016. In it, CMS proposed a national average reimbursement
rate for calendar year 2016 of $305 per Aurix treatment. The Company worked with CMS to establish a higher rate in the CMS 
final rule for calendar year 2016 issued on October 30, 2015. The final national average reimbursement rate under HOPPS for calendar
year 2016 was established at $1,411 per treatment effective January 1, 2016, with Aurix placed in Ambulatory Payment Classification
(APC) 5054 (Level 4 Skin Procedures). In the text of the ruling, CMS commented they believed the geometric mean cost of the services
underlying Aurix is comparable to the geometric mean cost of APC 5054. In July 2016, CMS released the proposed HOPPS rule for
calendar year 2017. In it, CMS proposed the continuation of a national average payment of $1,411 per treatment. The final national
reimbursement rate for 2017 has not yet been established and could be above or below the proposed rate. 

The Company s Aurix revenues in VA facilities
are unaffected by CMS determined reimbursement rates, as the Company establishes an agreed price on the Federal Supply Schedule
for use of Aurix   in federal healthcare facilities. 

In September 2009, we entered into an original
license and distribution agreement with Millennia Holdings, Inc. ( Millennia ) for the Company s Aurix System
in Japan. 

In January 2015, we granted to Rohto Pharmaceutical
Co., Ltd. ( Rohto ) a royalty bearing, nontransferable, exclusive license, with limited right to sublicense, to use
certain of the Company s intellectual property for the development, import, use, manufacturing, marketing, sale and distribution
for all wound care and topical dermatology applications of the Aurix System and related intellectual property and know-how in
human and veterinary medicine in Japan in exchange for an upfront payment from Rohto of $3.0 million. The agreement also contemplates
additional royalty payments based on the net sales of Aurix in Japan and an additional cash payment of $1.0 million if and when
the reimbursement price for the national health insurance system in Japan has been achieved after marketing authorization as described
below. 

In conjunction with the Rohto license, we
amended our licensing and distribution agreement with Millennia to terminate the agreement and to allow us to transfer the Japanese
exclusivity rights from Millennia to Rohto. In connection with this amendment, we paid a one-time, non-refundable fee of $1.5
million to Millennia upon our receipt of the $3.0 million upfront payment from Rohto, are required to make a one-time, non-refundable
payment of $0.5 million upon our receipt of the $1.0 million milestone payment from Rohto, and may be required to make future
royalty payments to Millennia based upon net sales in Japan. Millennia has been instrumental in establishing the advanced wound
care market in Japan, and will continue to work with Rohto to develop the market for Aurix in that market. Further, Rohto has
assumed responsibility for securing the Marketing Authorization ( MA ) from Japan s Ministry of Health, Labor
and Welfare ( MHLW ), while we will provide relevant product information, as well as clinical and other data to support
Rohto s regulatory initiatives. 

The license agreement with Rohto and the amendment
to our licensing and distribution agreement with Millennia were filed as Exhibits 10.32 and 10.33 to our Annual Report, respectively,
and are incorporated herein by reference. 

On March 22, 2016, we entered into a Collaboration
Agreement (the  Collaboration Agreement ) with Restorix, pursuant to which we agreed to provide Restorix with certain
limited geographic exclusivity benefits over a defined period of time for the usage of the Aurix System in up to 30 of the approximately
125 hospital outpatient wound care clinics with which Restorix has a management contract (the  RXH Partner Hospitals ),
in exchange for Restorix making minimum commitments of patients enrolled in three prospective clinical research studies primarily
consisting of patient data collection (the  Protocols ) necessary to maintain exclusivity under the Collaboration
Agreement. The Collaboration Agreement will initially continue for a two-year period, subject to one or more extensions with the
mutual consent of the parties. 

Pursuant to the Collaboration Agreement, the
Company agreed to provide: (i) clinical support services by its clinical staff as reasonably agreed between the Company and Restorix
as necessary and appropriate, (ii) reasonable and necessary support regarding certain reimbursement activities, (iii) coverage
of Institutional Review Board ( IRB ) fees and payment to Restorix for certain training costs subject to certain limitations
and (iv) community-focused public relations materials for participating RXH Partner Hospitals to promote the use of Aurix and
participation in the Protocols. Pursuant to the Collaboration Agreement, Restorix agreed to: (i) provide access and support as
reasonably necessary and appropriate at up to 30 RXH Partner Hospitals to identify and enroll patients into the Protocols, including
senior executive level support and leadership to the collaboration and its enrollment goals and (ii) reasonably assist the Company
to correct through a query process, any patient data submitted having incomplete or inaccurate data fields. 

Subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions,
during the term of the Collaboration Agreement: (i) Restorix will have site specific geographic exclusivity for usage of Aurix
in connection with treatment of patients in the Protocols within a 30 mile radius of each RXH Partner Hospital, and (ii) other
than with respect to existing CED sites, the Company will not provide corporate exclusivity with any other wound management company
operating in excess of 19 wound care facilities for any similar arrangement. 

Under the Collaboration Agreement, the Company
will pay Restorix or the RXH Partner Hospital, as the case may be, a per patient data collection (administrative) fee upon full
completion and delivery of a patient data set. In addition, the Company is responsible to pay for any IRB fees necessary to conduct
the Protocols and enroll patients, and to pay Restorix a training cost stipend per site. Each RXH Partner Hospital will pay the
Company the then current product price ($700 in 2016, and no greater than $750 in the remainder of the initial term) as set forth
in the Collaboration Agreement. 

The Collaboration Agreement may be terminated
by either party for a material breach, subject to a 60 day cure period. The Agreement is further subject to certain covenants
regarding confidentiality, assignment, indemnification and limitations on liability, as well as certain representations and warranties
of the parties. 

The Collaboration Agreement was filed as Exhibit
10.39 to our Annual Report and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Effective as of May 5, 2016, the Company and
Boyalife Hong Kong Ltd. ( Boyalife ), an entity affiliated with the Company s significant shareholder, Boyalife
Investment Fund I, Inc., entered into an Exclusive License and Distribution Agreement (the  Boyalife Distribution Agreement )
with an initial term of five years, unless the agreement is terminated earlier in accordance with its terms.  Under this
agreement, Boyalife received a non-transferable, exclusive license, with limited right to sublicense, to use certain of the Company s
intellectual property relating to its Aurix System for the purposes and in the territory specified below.  Under the agreement,
Boyalife is entitled to import, use for development, promote, market, sell and distribute the Aurix Products in greater China
(China, Hong Kong, Taiwan and Macau) for all regenerative medicine applications, including but not limited to wound care and topical
dermatology applications in human and veterinary medicine.   Aurix Products  are defined as the combination of
devices to produce a wound dressing from the patient s blood - as of May 5, 2016 consisting of centrifuge, wound dressing
kit and reagent kit.  Under the Boyalife Distribution Agreement, Boyalife is obligated to pay the Company (a) $500,000 within
90 days of approval of the Aurix Products by the China Food and Drug Administration ( CFDA ), but no earlier than
December 31, 2018, and (b) a distribution fee per wound dressing kit and reagent kit of $40, payable quarterly, subject to an
agreement by the parties to discuss in good faith the appropriate distribution fee if the pricing of such kits exceeds the current
general pricing in greater China.   Under the agreement, Boyalife is entitled, with the Company s approval (not
to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) to procure devices from a third party in order to assemble them with devices supplied
by the Company to make the Aurix Products.  Boyalife also has a right of first refusal with respect to the Aurix Products
in specified countries in the Asia Pacific region excluding Japan and India, exercisable in exchange for a payment of no greater
than $250,000 in the aggregate.  If Boyalife files a new patent application for a new invention relating to wound dressings,
the Aurix Products or the Company s technology, Boyalife will grant the Company a free, non-exclusive license to use such
patent application outside greater China during the term of the Boyalife Distribution Agreement. 

The Boyalife Distribution Agreement was filed
as Exhibit 10.41 to our Annual Report and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Angel Product Line   

The Angel cPRP System, acquired from Sorin
Group USA, Inc. in April 2010, is designed for single-patient use at the point of care, and provides a simple and flexible means
for producing quality concentrated PRP and platelet poor plasma ( PPP ) from a small sample of whole blood or bone
marrow. The Angel cPRP System is a multi-functional cell separation device which produces cPRP for use in the operating room and
clinic and is generally used in a range of orthopedic indications. 

In August 2013, we entered into a Distributor
and License Agreement with Arthrex, Inc. ( Arthrex ). Under the terms of this agreement, Arthrex obtained the exclusive
rights to sell, distribute, and service the Angel cPRP System and activAT throughout the world for all uses other than chronic
wound care. We granted Arthrex a limited license to use our intellectual property as part of enabling Arthrex to sell these products.
Pursuant to this license, Arthrex purchased these products from us at cost to distribute and service in exchange for payments
based on a certain royalty rate depending on volume of the products sold. As described below, we have assigned the right to this
royalty stream to Deerfield SS, LLC pursuant to the Plan of Reorganization. 

On October
16, 2015, the Company entered into an Amended and Restated License Agreement (the  Amended Arthrex Agreement )
with Arthrex, which amended and restated the original agreement. Under the terms of the Amended Arthrex Agreement, the
Company granted Arthrex   an exclusive, irrevocable, worldwide, sub-licensable,
transferable license to the Angel Patents (as defined in the following sentence) to research, develop, make, have made, use,
sell, offer for sale, have sold, distribute and have distributed, import and have imported, the Angel  Concentrated
Platelet System ( Angel ) product line (including, without limitation, the activeAT disposables and associated
components) and certain new enhanced products within the Exclusive Field of Use (as defined in the following sentence) and
(B) a non-exclusive, irrevocable, worldwide, sub-licensable, transferable license to the Angel Patents to research, develop,
make, have made, use, sell, offer for sale, have sold, distribute and have distributed, import and have imported, Angel and
certain new enhanced products within (a) nonsurgical aesthetics markets in the United Kingdom and Ireland subject to certain
license rights granted to Biotherapy Services Ltd. and (b) any wound care applications (i) worldwide, outside the United
States, its territories and possessions and (ii) in the United Kingdom and Ireland subject to certain license rights granted
to Biotherapy Services Ltd. (the  Non-Exclusive Field of Use ). For purposes of the Amended Arthrex
Agreement, the  Exclusive Field of Use  consists of uses in human and veterinary applications except those
described in the Non-Exclusive Field of Use, and  Angel Patents  are those patents used in the technology
required, or previously used by the Company, to make, use and sell the Angel product line. The Company also transferred to
Arthrex all of its rights and title to product registration and intellectual property (other than patents) related to Angel.
In connection with the Amended Arthrex Agreement, the Deerfield Lenders irrevocably released their liens on the product
registration rights and intellectual property assets (other than patents) transferred by the Company to Arthrex. The Amended
Arthrex Agreement provided that, on a date to be determined by Arthrex, but not later than March 31, 2016, Arthrex would
assume all rights related to the manufacture and supply of the Angel product line. The Amended Arthrex Agreement, as
supplemented in April 2016, is referred to collectively as the  Arthrex Agreement.   

Under the Arthrex Agreement, the
Company has the right to receive certain royalties through 2024. However, pursuant to the Plan of Reorganization, on May 5,
2016, the Company entered into an Assignment and Assumption Agreement with Deerfield SS, LLC ( Assignee ), the
designee of the Deerfield Lenders, to assign to the Assignee the Company s rights, title and interest in and to the
Arthrex Agreement, and to transfer and assign to the Assignee associated intellectual property and royalty and payment rights
owned by the Company and licensed thereunder. Pursuant to the Plan of Reorganization, on May 5, 2016, the Company and the
Assignee also entered into a Transition Services Agreement pursuant to which the Company agreed to continue to service the
Arthrex Agreement for a transition period. The Transition Services Agreement generally contemplates that, during this
transition period, we will continue to provide for the manufacture and supply to Arthrex of the Angel product line in
accordance with the terms of the Arthrex Agreement, and to provide our full cooperation, as commercially reasonable, to
assist Arthrex with the manufacture and supply of the Angel product line, notwithstanding the original March 31, 2016
assumption deadline for Arthrex described above. Initially, our obligation to provide such transition services was not to
extend beyond October 15, 2016 unless agreed between the Company and the Assignee.  

On October 20, 2016, the Company entered into the Three Party Letter
Agreement with Arthrex and the Assignee, which extends the transition period under the Transition Services Agreement through January
15, 2017.  Under the terms of the Three Party Letter Agreement, subject to Arthrex making a payment of $201,200 to the Company
on October 28, 2016, (a) the Company has sold, conveyed, transferred and assigned to Arthrex its title and interest in the Company s
inventory of Angel products (including spare parts therefor) and production equipment, and (b) the Assignee is obligated to make
three equal payments of $33,333.33 each to the Company as consideration for the extension of the transition period.   Under
the terms of the Three Party Letter Agreement, the Company will have no further obligations under the Transition Services Agreement
or the Amended Arthrex Agreement after January 15, 2017.  The agreement contains a full and irrevocable release of Arthrex
by the Company with respect to any actions, claims or other liabilities for payments of Royalty (as defined in the Amended Arthrex
Agreement) owed to the Company based on sales of Angel products occurring on or before June 30, 2016, and a full and irrevocable
release of the Company and the Assignee by Arthrex with respect to any actions, claims or other liabilities arising under the
Amended Arthrex Agreement as of the date of the Three Party Letter Agreement.  Neither Arthrex nor the Assignee assumed any
liabilities or obligations of the Company in connection with the Three Party Letter Agreement.  

ALDHbr, or Bright Cell, Technology and
Clinical Development Pipeline   

The Company acquired the ALDHbr  Bright
Cell  technology as part of our acquisition of Aldagen in February 2012. The Bright Cell technology is a novel approach
to cell-based regenerative medicine with potential clinical indications in large markets with significant unmet medical needs,
such as peripheral arterial disease and ischemic stroke. The Bright Cell technology is unique in that it utilizes an intracellular
enzyme marker to facilitate fractionation of essential regenerative cells from a patient s bone marrow. This core technology
was originally licensed by Aldagen from Duke University and Johns Hopkins University (JHU). The proprietary bone-marrow fractionation
process identifies and isolates active stem and progenitor cells expressing high levels of the enzyme aldehyde dehydrogenase,
or ALDH, which is a key enzyme involved in the regulation of gene activities associated with cell proliferation and differentiation.
These select, autologous biologically instructive cells have the potential to promote the repair and regeneration of multiple
types of cells and tissues, including the growth of new blood vessels, or angiogenesis, which is critical to the generation of
healthy tissue. 

Reorganization of Research and Development
Operations related to the Bright Cell Technology   

Following the January 2014 completion of the
trial enrollment in the RECOVER-Stroke trial, in May 2014 we announced preliminary efficacy and safety results of this Phase 2
clinical trial in patients with neurological damage arising from ischemic stroke and treated with ALD-401. Observed improvements
in the primary endpoint (mean modified Rankin Score) of the trial were not clinically or statistically significant. In light of
this outcome, we discontinued further direct funding of the clinical development program, and in connection therewith, closed
the Aldagen research and development facility in Durham, NC.    

Continued Clinical Investigation and
Development of Bright Cell Technology   

Notwithstanding the discontinuation of further
direct funding of clinical development, an ongoing Phase 2 clinical study (PACE) in intermittent claudication (a condition associated
with peripheral arterial disease) has continued under the sole funding of the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute ( NHLBI ),
a division of the National Institutes of Health ( NIH ) and in collaboration with the Cardiovascular Cell Therapy
Research Network. This study enrolled 82 patients and trial enrollment concluded in January 2016. Clinical study results are expected
to be publicly available in the fourth quarter of 2016 with presentation at a major medical meeting. The Bright Cell technology
is also being investigated in a Phase 1 clinical trial in grade IV malignant glioma following surgery being conducted by Duke
University and funded externally. 

Results of Operations  

Following the consummation of the Plan of
Reorganization, the Company s financial condition and results of operations from and after May 5, 2016 will not be comparable
to the financial condition or results of operations reflected in the Company s prior financial statements (including those
contained in this Quarterly Report and described below) due to the Company s application of fresh-start accounting. Fresh-start
accounting requires the Company to adjust its assets and liabilities contained in its financial statements, immediately prior
to its emergence from bankruptcy protection to their estimated fair values using the acquisition method of accounting. Those adjustments
will be material and will affect the Company s results of operations from and after May 5, 2016. 

Comparison of Quarters Ended March 31, 2016 and 2015  

The
amounts presented in this comparison section are rounded to the nearest thousand.  

Revenue and Gross Profit   

The following table presents revenues and
cost of sales by product (rounded to nearest thousand): 

Revenues decreased by $3,429,000 (71%) to
$1,408,000, comparing the three months ended March 31, 2016 to the previous year. This was primarily due to a decrease in license
fee revenue of $3,000,000 as a result of the one-time license fee received from Rohto in the quarter ended March 31, 2015, and
a decrease in product sales of $473,000, as a result of a lower volume of Angel product sales to Arthrex. 

Overall gross profit decreased by $1,393,000
(69%) to $619,000 while overall gross margin increased to 44% from 42%, comparing the three months ended March 31, 2016 to the
previous year. The increase in gross margin resulted primarily from the effect of the increase in royalties and decrease in royalty
cost of sales, which was partially offset by the absence, in the quarter ended March 31, 2016, of the Rohto license fee and corresponding
$1.5 million license fees cost of sales. 

Aurix Revenue and Gross Profit   

Overall, Aurix revenue
decreased by $2,897,000 while gross profit decreased by $1,428,000 comparing the three months ended March 31, 2016 to the prior
year period. The decrease in gross profit, cost of revenues and gross margin was primarily due to the $3,000,000 license fee related
to the Rhoto agreement and related cost of license fees paid to Millennia of $1,500,000 in 2015. Aurix product sales increased
$103,000 while product gross profit increased $72,000 comparing the three months ended March 31, 2016 to the previous year. The
increase in product gross profit and gross margin was due to increased volume of Aurix product sales. 

Angel Revenue and Gross Profit   

Overall, Angel revenue
decreased by $519,000 while gross profit increased by $45,000 comparing the three months ended March 31, 2016 to the prior year
period. Angel product sales decreased by $576,000 while product gross profit decreased by $12,000 comparing the three months ended
March 31, 2016 to the prior year period. The decrease was primarily due to a decrease in centrifuge and disposable sales volumes.
The overall Angel gross profit increase was primarily due to the increase in royalty revenue, partially offset by the net effect
of the decrease in Angel product sales and product cost of sales. 

As described above under   - Bankruptcy
and Emergence from Bankruptcy ,  on May 5, 2016 the Company assigned its rights, title and interest in and to the Arthrex
Agreement, and transferred and assigned associated intellectual property owned by the Company and licensed under the Arthrex Agreement,
as well as rights to collect royalty payments thereunder, to Deerfield. On May 5, 2016, the Company and the Assignee also entered
into a Transition Services Agreement in which the Company agreed to continue to service the Arthrex Agreement for a transition
period. As a result, the Company will not have any revenue from the Angel product line for periods after May 5, 2016, but will
continue to incur modest expenses during 2016. 

Bright Cell Revenue and Gross Profit   

Bright Cell revenue decreased by $13,000 while
gross profit decreased by $10,000 comparing the three months ended March 31, 2016 to the prior year period. The decreases were
due to lower royalties received under the license agreement with StemCell Technologies for the Aldeflour product. 

Operating Expenses   

Operating expenses decreased by $2,789,000
(52%) to $2,593,000 comparing the three months ended March 31, 2016 to the prior year period. A discussion of the various components
of operating expenses follows below. 

Sales and Marketing   

Sales and marketing expenses decreased by
$1,258,000 (69%) to $564,000 comparing the three months ended March 31, 2016 to the prior year period. The decrease was due to
lower compensation expense and a decrease in travel and entertainment expenses and consulting services, all due to the realignment
initiated in the second half of 2015 and the commencement of the Company s bankruptcy proceedings in January 2016. 

Research and Development   

Research and development expenses decreased
by $359,000 (49%) to $375,000 comparing the three months ended March 31, 2016 to the prior year period. The decrease was due to
lower compensation expense related to the realignment of the Company, started in the second half of 2015, lower ALD-401 clinical
trial costs as a result of the close out of the trial, and a decrease in intellectual property related legal expenses. 

General and Administrative   

General and administrative expenses decreased
by $1,172,000 (41%) to $1,654,000 comparing the three months ended March 31, 2016 to the prior year period. The decrease was primarily
due to lower compensation expenses, IT services and temporary services, due to the realignment initiated in the second half of
2015. 

Other Income (Expense)   

Other income, net decreased by $10,379,000
to other expense, net of $2,897,000 comparing the three months ended March 31, 2016 to the prior year period. The difference was
primarily due to professional fees related to the Bankruptcy Case of $2,691,000 which are classified as reorganization expenses
and an unrealized gain of $8,366,000 from the change in the fair value of derivative liabilities for the three months ended March
31, 2015. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

We have a history of losses, are not currently
profitable, and expect to incur losses and negative operating cash flows in the future. We may never generate sufficient revenues
to achieve and maintain profitability. For the three months ended March 31, 2016, we incurred a net loss from operations of approximately
$2.0 million and had an accumulated deficit at March 31, 2016 of approximately $167.8 million. We had negative working capital
at March 31, 2016 of $43.9 million. As a result of the application of fresh-start accounting as of May 5, 2016, or the Effective
Date, our reorganization value determined as of the Effective Date will be our initial stockholders  equity value. Our retained
earnings (deficit) will be zero as of the Effective Date. 

At March 31, 2016, we had cash and cash equivalents
of approximately $0.7 million, total current assets of approximately $3.1 million, total liabilities not subject to compromise
of approximately $6.0 million and total liabilities subject to compromise of approximately $41.8 million. As of June 30, 2016,
we had cash and cash equivalents of approximately $6.1 million, total current assets of approximately $8.1 million and total
liabilities of approximately $2.8 million, of which $2.6 were current liabilities. Our operations are subject to certain risks
and uncertainties including those described in   Item 1.A Risk Factors   in our Annual Report. 

We estimate that our current resources, expected
revenue from sales of Aurix, including additional revenue expected to be generated from our Restorix collaboration, limited royalty
and license fee revenue from our license of certain aspects of the ALDH technology to StemCell Technologies for the Aldeflour
product line, combined with the $3.0 million Backstop Commitment (which is not available to us until June 30, 2017), will be adequate
to maintain our operations through at least the end of 2017. However, if we are unable to increase our revenues as much as expected
or control our costs as effectively as expected, then we may be required to curtail portions of our strategic plan or to cease
operations. The Backstop Commitment is, by its terms, only available to us on or after June 30, 2017, and terminates upon the
occurrence of certain events. 

Historically, we have financed our operations
through a combination of the sale of debt, equity and equity-linked securities, licensing, royalty, and product revenues. As disclosed
in   Comparison of Quarters Ended March 31, 2016 and 2015 ,  in the first quarter 2015 we received from Rohto
an upfront payment of $3.0 million as part of our licensing arrangement with Rohto, and we paid a one-time, non-refundable fee
of $1.5 million to Millennia upon our receipt of the $3.0 million payment. 

On August 11, 2015, our Board of Directors
approved a realignment plan with the goal of preserving and maximizing, for the benefit of our stockholders, the value of our
existing assets. The plan eliminated approximately 30% of our workforce and was aimed at the preservation of cash and cash equivalents
to finance our future operations and support our revised business objectives. In addition, on December 4, 2015, the Company eliminated
an additional 22% of its workforce, or seven employees, and in January 2016, the Company eliminated four additional employees.
We recognized cumulative severance costs to executives and non-executives in connection with the realignment plan of approximately
$1.4 million through March 31, 2016, with approximately $0.7 remaining accrued as of March 31, 2016. 

On January 26, 2016, we filed a voluntary
petition in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware seeking relief under Chapter 11 the Bankruptcy Code.
During the pendency of the Chapter 11 Case, we continued to operate our business with funding under the DIP Loans as a  debtor-in-possession 
under the jurisdiction of the Bankruptcy Court and in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Bankruptcy Code and orders
of the Bankruptcy Court. On January 28, 2016, the Bankruptcy Court entered an order approving our interim DIP Financing pursuant
to terms set forth in a senior secured, superpriority DIP Credit Agreement by and among the Company, as borrower, each lender
from time to time party to the DIP Credit Agreement, including, but not limited to the Deerfield Lenders and the DIP Agent. The
Deerfield Lenders comprised 100% of the lenders under the Deerfield Facility Agreement. The final DIP Credit Agreement provided
for senior secured loans in the aggregate principal amount of up to $6,000,000 in post-petition financing, of which $2,500,000
was outstanding as of March 31, 2016. In addition, at March 31, 2016 we had total debt outstanding under the Deerfield Facility
Agreement of approximately $38.3 million, including accrued interest. 

On the Effective Date,
the obligations of the Company under the Deerfield Facility Agreement and under the DIP Credit Agreement were cancelled in accordance
with the Plan of Reorganization and the Company ceased to have any obligations thereunder. 

In accordance with the Plan of Reorganization,
as of the Effective Date, the Company issued 7,500,000 shares of New Common Stock to certain accredited investors in the Recapitalization
Financing for net cash proceeds to the Company of $7,052,500. The net cash amount excludes the effect of $100,000 in offering
expenses paid from the proceeds of the DIP Financing which was converted into Series A Preferred Stock as of the Effective Date.
As part of the Recapitalization Financing, the Company also issued Warrants to purchase 6,180,000 shares of New Common Stock to
certain of the Recapitalization Investors. 

Under the Plan of Reorganization, the Company
issued 29,038 shares of Series A Preferred Stock to the Deerfield Lenders. The Series A Preferred Stock has no stated maturity
date, is not convertible or redeemable and carries a liquidation preference of $29,038,000, which is required to be paid to holders
of such Series A Preferred Stock before any payments are made with respect to shares of New Common Stock (and other capital stock
that is not issued on parity or senior to the Series A Preferred Stock) upon a liquidation or change in control transaction. For
so long as Series A Preferred Stock is outstanding, the holders of Series A Preferred Stock have the right to nominate and elect
one member of the Board of Directors and to have such director serve on a standing committee of the Board of Directors established
to exercise powers of the Board of Directors in respect of decisions or actions relating to the Backstop Commitment. Lawrence
Atinsky serves as the designee of the holders of Series A Preferred Stock, which are all currently affiliates of Deerfield Management
Company, L.P., of which Mr. Atinsky is a Partner. The Series A Preferred Stock have voting rights, voting with the New Common
Stock as a single class, representing approximately one percent (1%) of the voting rights of the capital stock of the Company,
and the holders of Series A Preferred Stock have the right to approve certain transactions. For so long as the Backstop Commitment
remains in effect, a majority of the members of the standing backstop committee of the Board of Directors may approve a drawdown
under the Backstop Commitment. Among other restrictions, the Certificate of Designations for our Series A Preferred Stock limits
the Company s ability to (i) issue securities that are senior or  pari passu  with the Series A Preferred Stock, (ii)
incur debt other than for working capital purposes not in excess of $3.0 million, (iii) issue securities that are junior to the
Series A Preferred Stock and that provide certain consent rights to the holders of such junior securities in connection with a
liquidation or contain certain liquidation preferences, (iv) pay dividends on or purchase shares of its capital stock, and (v)
change the authorized number of members of its Board of Directors to a number other than five, in each case without the consent
of holders representing at least two-thirds of the outstanding shares Series A Preferred Stock. 

As a result of the assignment to Deerfield
of our rights, title and interest in and to the Arthrex Agreement pursuant to the Plan of Reorganization, the related transfer
and assignment of associated intellectual property previously owned by us and licensed under the Arthrex Agreement, as well as
rights to collect royalty payments thereunder, we will no longer receive royalties from the Angel product line for periods after
May 5, 2016, but we will continue to incur modest net expenses under the Transition Services Agreement with Deerfield SS. 

If we are unable to generate sufficient revenues
or raise additional funds, we may be forced to delay the completion of, or significantly reduce the scope of, our current business
plan; delay some of our development and clinical or marketing efforts; delay our plans to penetrate the market serving Medicare
beneficiaries and fulfill the related data gathering requirements as stipulated by the Medicare CED coverage determination; delay
the pursuit of commercial insurance reimbursement for our wound treatment technologies; or postpone the hiring of new personnel;
or, under certain dire financial circumstances, cease our operations. Specific programs that may require additional funding include,
without limitation, continued investment in the sales, marketing, distribution, and customer service areas, expansion into the
international markets, significant new product development or modifications, and pursuit of other opportunities. 

Any equity financings may cause substantial
dilution to our shareholders and could involve the issuance of securities with rights senior to the New Common Stock. Any allowed
debt financings may require us to comply with onerous financial covenants and restrict our business operations. Our ability to
complete additional financings is dependent on, among other things, the state of the capital markets at the time of any proposed
offering, market reception of the Company and the likelihood of the success of our business model, of the offering terms, etc.
We may not be able to obtain any such additional capital as we need to finance our efforts, through asset sales, equity or debt
financing, or any combination thereof, on satisfactory terms or at all. Additionally, any such financing, if at all obtained,
may not be adequate to meet our capital needs and to support our operations. 

If adequate capital cannot be obtained on
a timely basis and on satisfactory terms, our revenues and operations and the value of our New Common Stock and common stock equivalents
would be materially negatively impacted and we may be forced to curtail or cease our operations. 

The Company will continue to opportunistically
pursue exploratory conversations with companies regarding their interest in our products and technologies. We will seek to leverage
these relationships if and when they materialize to secure non-dilutive sources of funding. There is no assurance that we will
be able to secure such relationships or, even if we do, the terms will be favorable to us. 

We cannot assure you that we have accurately
estimated the cash and cash equivalents necessary to finance our operations. If revenues are less than we anticipate, if operating
expenses exceed our expectations or cannot be adjusted accordingly, and/or we cannot obtain financing on acceptable terms or at
all, then our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows will be materially and adversely affected. 

Cash Flows  

Net cash provided by (used in) operating,
investing, and financing activities for the three months ended March 31, 2016 and 2015 were as follows: 

Operating Activities   

Cash used in operating activities for the
three months ended March 31, 2016 of $2.6 million primarily reflects our net loss of $4.9 million adjusted by a (i) $1.9 million
increase for changes in assets and liabilities, (ii) $0.2 million increase for the payment of debt issuance costs which were netted
against the proceeds from the short-term debtor-in-possession note payable, and (iii) $0.2 million increase for depreciation and
amortization. 

Cash used in operating activities for the
three months ended March 31, 2015 of $4.0 million primarily reflects our net income of $4.1 million adjusted by a (i) $8.4
million decrease for changes in derivative liabilities resulting from a change in their fair value, (ii) $0.6 million decrease
for changes in assets and liabilities, (iii) $0.4 million increase for amortization of deferred costs and debt discount relating
to debt issuances, (iv) $0.3 million increase for stock-based compensation, and (v) $0.2 million increase for depreciation and
amortization. 

Investing Activities   

We did not have any material investing activities
for the three months ended March 31, 2016. 

Cash used in investing activities for the
three months ended March 31, 2015 primarily reflects approximately $0.2 million in software implementation costs for our CED protocols
and the purchase of Angel centrifuge devices for research and development use. 

Financing Activities   

We received $2.5 million in gross proceeds
from the DIP Financing during the three months ended March 31, 2016, and incurred approximately $278,000 in issuance costs, approximately
$183,000 of which were paid during the three month period ending March 31, 2016. We did not have any financing activities for
the three months ended March 31, 2015. 

Inflation  

The Company believes that the rates of inflation
in recent years have not had a significant impact on its operations. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

The Company does not have any off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Critical Accounting Policies  

This Management's Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations is based on our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in
accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires us to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. In the accompanying
consolidated financial statements, estimates are used for, but not limited to, stock-based compensation, allowance for inventory
obsolescence, allowance for doubtful accounts, valuation of derivative liabilities and contingent consideration, contingent liabilities,
fair value and depreciable lives of long-lived assets (including property and equipment, intangible assets and goodwill), deferred
taxes and associated valuation allowance and the classification of our long-term debt. Actual results could differ from those
estimates. A summary of our significant accounting policies is included in Note 1 to the accompanying condensed consolidated financial
statements. 

A  critical accounting policy 
is one that is both important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations and that requires management s
most difficult, subjective or complex judgments. Such judgments are often the result of a need to make estimates about the effect
of matters that are inherently uncertain. 

As of March 31, 2016, there were no significant
changes in critical accounting policies from those at December 31, 2015. 

Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements  

In April 2015, the FASB issued guidance as
to whether a cloud computing arrangement (e.g., software as a service, platform as a service, infrastructure as a service, and
other similar hosting arrangements) includes a software license and, based on that determination, how to account for such arrangements.
If a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license, then the customer should account for the software license element
of the arrangement consistent with the acquisition of other software licenses. If a cloud computing arrangement does not include
a software license, the customer should account for the arrangement as a service contract. The amendment is effective for reporting
periods beginning after December 15, 2015 and may be applied on either a prospective or retrospective basis. Early adoption
is permitted. We adopted this pronouncement effective January 1, 2016; the adoption did not have a material impact to our consolidated
financial statements. 

In April 2015, the FASB issued guidance to
simplify the balance sheet disclosure for debt issuance costs. Under the guidance, debt issuance costs related to a recognized
debt liability will be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, in
the same manner as debt discounts, rather than as an asset. The standard is effective for reporting periods beginning after December
15, 2015 and early adoption is permitted. We adopted this pronouncement effective January 1, 2016; the adoption did not have a
material impact to our consolidated financial statements. 

In September 2015, the FASB issued accounting
guidance to simplify the accounting for measurement period adjustments resulting from business combinations. Under the guidance,
an acquirer will be required to recognize adjustments to provisional amounts identified during the measurement period in the reporting
period in which the adjustments are determined. The guidance requires an entity to present separately on the face of the income
statement or disclose in the notes to the financial statements the portion of the amount recorded in current-period earnings by
line item that would have been recorded in previous reporting periods if the adjustment had been recognized as of the acquisition
date. The standard is effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2015. The amendments in this pronouncement
should be applied prospectively, with earlier application permitted. We adopted this pronouncement effective January 1, 2016;
the adoption did not have a material impact to our consolidated financial statements. 

Unadopted Accounting Pronouncements  

In May 2014, the FASB issued guidance for
revenue recognition for contracts, superseding the previous revenue recognition requirements, along with most existing industry-specific
guidance. The guidance requires an entity to review contracts in five steps: 1) identify the contract, 2) identify performance
obligations, 3) determine the transaction price, 4) allocate the transaction price, and 5) recognize revenue. The new standard
will result in enhanced disclosures regarding the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue arising from contracts with
customers. In August 2015, the FASB issued guidance approving a one-year deferral, making the standard effective for reporting
periods beginning after December 15, 2017, with early adoption permitted only for reporting periods beginning after December 15,
2016. In March 2016, the FASB issued guidance to clarify the implementation guidance on principal versus agent considerations
for reporting revenue gross rather than net, with the same deferred effective date. In April 2016, the FASB issued guidance to
clarify the implementation guidance on identifying performance obligations and the accounting for licenses of intellectual property,
with the same deferred effective date. In May 2016, the FASB issued guidance rescinding SEC paragraphs related to revenue recognition,
pursuant to two SEC Staff Announcements at the March 3, 2016 Emerging Issues Task Force meeting. In May 2016, the FASB also issued
guidance to clarify the implementation guidance on assessing collectability, presentation of sales tax, noncash consideration,
and contracts and contract modifications at transition, with the same effective date. We are currently evaluating the impact,
if any, that this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements. 

In August 2014, the FASB issued guidance for
the disclosure of uncertainties about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern. Under U.S. GAAP, continuation
of a reporting entity as a going concern is presumed as the basis for preparing financial statements unless and until the entity s
liquidation becomes imminent. Preparation of financial statements under this presumption is commonly referred to as the going
concern basis of accounting. Previously, there was no guidance in U.S. GAAP about management s responsibility to evaluate
whether there is substantial doubt about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern or to provide related footnote
disclosures. This was issued to provide guidance in U.S. GAAP about management s responsibility to evaluate whether there
is substantial doubt about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures.
In doing so, the amendments should reduce diversity in the timing and content of footnote disclosures. The amendments in this
update are effective for the annual period ending after December 15, 2016, and for annual periods and interim periods thereafter.
Early application is permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact, if any, that the adoption will have on our consolidated
financial statements. 

In July 2015, the FASB issued guidance for
the accounting for inventory. The main provisions are that an entity should measure inventory within the scope of this update
at the lower of cost and net realizable value, except when inventory is measured using LIFO or the retail inventory method. Net
realizable value is the estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion,
disposal, and transportation. In addition, the Board has amended some of the other guidance in Topic 330 to more clearly articulate
the requirements for the measurement and disclosure of inventory. The amendments in this update for public business entities are
effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The amendments
in this update should be applied prospectively with earlier application permitted as of the beginning of an interim or annual
reporting period. We are currently evaluating the impact, if any, that the adoption will have on our consolidated financial statements. 

In November 2015, the FASB issued accounting
guidance to simplify the presentation of deferred taxes. Previously, U.S. GAAP required an entity to separate deferred income
tax liabilities and assets into current and noncurrent amounts. Under this guidance, deferred tax liabilities and assets will
be classified as noncurrent amounts. The standard is effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016. The Company
is currently evaluating the impact, if any, that this new accounting pronouncement will have on its consolidated financial statements. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued guidance
for accounting for leases. The guidance requires lessees to recognize assets and liabilities related to long-term leases on the
balance sheet and expands disclosure requirements regarding leasing arrangements. The guidance is effective for reporting periods
beginning after December 15, 2018 and early adoption is permitted. The guidance must be adopted on a modified retrospective basis
and provides for certain practical expedients. We are currently evaluating the impact that this guidance will have on our consolidated
financial statements. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued guidance simplifying
the accounting for and financial statement disclosure of stock-based compensation awards. Under the guidance, all excess tax benefits
and tax deficiencies related to stock-based compensation awards are to be recognized as income tax expenses or benefits in the
income statement and excess tax benefits should be classified along with other income tax cash flows in the operating activities
section of the statement of cash flows. Under the guidance, companies can also elect to either estimate the number of awards that
are expected to vest or account for forfeitures as they occur. In addition, the guidance amends some of the other stock-based
compensation awards guidance to more clearly articulate the requirements and cash flow presentation for withholding shares for
tax-withholding purposes. The guidance is effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016 and early adoption
is permitted, though all amendments of the guidance must be adopted in the same period. The adoption of certain amendments
of the guidance must be applied prospectively, and adoption of the remaining amendments must be applied either on a modified retrospective
basis or retrospectively to all periods presented. We are currently evaluating the impact that this guidance will have on our
consolidated financial statements. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued guidance to
clarify the requirements for assessing whether contingent call or put options that can accelerate the payment of principal on
debt instruments are clearly and closely related to their debt hosts. The amendments of this guidance are effective
for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and early adoption is permitted. Entities are required to apply the guidance
to existing debt instruments using a modified retrospective transition method as of beginning of the fiscal year of adoption.
We are currently evaluating the impact that this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements. 

We have evaluated all other issued and unadopted
Accounting Standards Updates and believe the adoption of these standards will not have a material impact on our results of operations,
financial position, or cash flows. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk  

Not applicable. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures  

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  

During the pendency of its Chapter 11 case
and following the date of the Company s emergence from bankruptcy on May 5, 2016, in addition to their regular financial
reporting duties, the Company s management team and finance and accounting personnel were required to devote significant
time and attention to matters relating to and on the preparation of materials required in connection with the Chapter 11 case
and the Plan of Reorganization, including monthly reports which the Company filed under cover of Current Reports on Form 8-K. 
As a result, the Company was unable to file its Annual Report, this First Quarter 10-Q and its Second Quarter 10-Q within the
prescribed time periods because of the limitations on staffing, the Company s limited financial resources and the significant
additional burdens that the Chapter 11 case imposed on the Company s available human and financial resources. Such inability
could not have been eliminated by the Company without unreasonable effort or expense.  Following its emergence from bankruptcy
on May 5, 2016, the Company commenced the process of preparing its Annual Report, this First Quarter 10-Q and its Second Quarter
10-Q.  

As of the end of the period covered by this
Quarterly Report, under the supervision and with the participation of management, including the Chief Executive Officer who is
also our Chief Financial Officer (the  Certifying Officer ), the Company conducted an evaluation of its disclosure
controls and procedures. As defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, the term  disclosure controls
and procedures  means controls and other procedures of an issuer that are designed to ensure that information required to
be disclosed by the issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and
reported, within the time periods specified in the Commission s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include,
without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports
that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including the
Certifying Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.  Based on this evaluation, and in light of the
fact that the Company was not able to file this Quarterly Report within the time periods specified in the Commission s rules
and forms, our Certifying Officer has concluded that, as of March 31, 2016, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective.

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting  

There have not been any changes in our internal
control over financial reporting during the quarter ended March 31, 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely
to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  

PART II  

OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1. Legal Proceedings.  

The Company filed its Chapter 11 Case on January
26, 2016 and emerged from bankruptcy on May 5, 2016.  Please see the description of the Company s Chapter 11 Case contained
in   Part I - Item 2.  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
- Bankruptcy and Emergence from Bankruptcy  , which is incorporated herein by reference.  Other than the Chapter
11 Case, the Company has not been party to, and its property has not been the subject of, any material legal proceedings required
to be disclosed herein. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors.  

Not applicable. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and
Use of Proceeds.  

None. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities.  

We were in material default of our obligations
under the Deerfield Facility Agreement in January 2016 because we did not pay, on or prior to January 7, 2016, accrued interest
on amounts owing under the Deerfield credit facility, did not maintain the required amount of cash in a deposit account subject
to control agreements in favor of our senior lenders after such date, both as required under the December 18, 2015 consent letter
with Deerfield, and filed a voluntary petition for bankruptcy protection on January 26, 2016. On January 26, 2016, we had total
debt outstanding under the Deerfield Facility Agreement of approximately $38.3 million, including accrued interest. 

The total amount owing under the Deerfield
Facility Agreement, including accrued interest, was compromised by the Bankruptcy Court and, as part of our Plan of Reorganization,
was settled as of the Effective Date through the issuance of 29,038 shares of our Series A Preferred Stock and the assignment
to Deerfield of all rights, title, and interest under the Arthrex Agreement. 

The remaining information required to be disclosed
in this Item is incorporated by reference to Item 1.03 in our Current Reports on Form 8-K filed on February 2, 2016, February
29, 2016 and March 11, 2016. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures.  

Not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information.   

Not applicable. 

Item 6. Exhibits.   

The exhibits listed in the accompanying Exhibit Index
are furnished as part of this Quarterly Report. 

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly
authorized. 

NUO THERAPEUTICS,
    INC.    

Date:
    October 21, 2016  
      By:   

/s/ David E. Jorden    

David
        E. Jorden,  
          Chief
        Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer    

(Principal Executive
    Officer and Principal Financial Officer)   

Date:
    October 21, 2016  
       /s/ David
    E. Jorden    

David
        E. Jorden,  
          Chief
        Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer    

(Principal Executive
    Officer and Principal Financial Officer)   

EXHIBIT INDEX  

Exhibit   
      Number   
       
       Description    

10.1 
       
      Senior Secured, Superpriority Debtor-In-Possession Credit Agreement,
    dated as of January 28, 2016, among Nuo Therapeutics, Inc., Deerfield Mgmt, L.P., as administrative agent and collateral agent,
    and the lenders party thereto (previously filed on February 1, 2016 as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K and
    incorporated by reference herein).   

10.2  
       
      Waiver and First Amendment, dated as of March 9, 2016, to Senior
    Secured, Superpriority Debtor-In-Possession Credit Agreement (previously filed on March 11, 2016 as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current
    Report on Form 8-K and incorporated by reference herein).   

10.3  
       
      Collaboration Agreement, dated March 22, 2016, by and between
    Nuo Therapeutics, Inc. and Restorix Health, Inc. and related Acknowledgement and Waiver (previously filed on October 21, 2016
    as Exhibit 10.39 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K and incorporated by reference herein).   

31  
       
      Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial
    Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   

32  
       
      Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial
    Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   

101  
       
      The following materials from Nuo Therapeutics, Inc. Form 10-Q
    for the quarter ended March 31, 2016, formatted in Extensible Business Reporting Language (XBRL): (i) Condensed Consolidated
    Balance Sheets at March 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015, (ii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for
    the three months ended March 31, 2016 and 2015, (iii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the three months
    ended March 31, 2016 and 2015, and (iv) Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.   

<EX-31>
 2
 v449308_ex31.htm
 EXHIBIT 31

Exhibit 31  

Certification of Principal Executive
Officer and Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Exchange Act Rule   

  13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) as  

  Adopted Pursuant to Section 302
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

I, David E. Jorden, certify that: 

1.    I have reviewed this
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Nuo Therapeutics, Inc.;  

2.    Based on my knowledge,
this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by
this report;  

3.    Based on my knowledge,
the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  

4.    I am responsible for
establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and
internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

(a)    Designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that
material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

(b)    Designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

(c)    Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  

(d)    Disclosed in this report
any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most
recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  

5.    I have disclosed, based
on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee
of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  

(a)    All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  

(b)    Any fraud, whether or
not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control
over financial reporting.  

Date: October 21, 2016  
      By:   

/s/ David E. Jorden    

David E. Jorden 
         Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Executive and Principal Financial Officer)   

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 3
 v449308_ex32.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

Exhibit 32  

Certification of Principal Executive
Officer and Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   

  Section 1350 as Adopted Pursuant
to  

  Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002  

Pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350 and in connection
with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Nuo Therapeutics, Inc. (the  Company ) for the period ended March 31, 2016
(the  Report ), I, David E. Jorden, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify,
that, to my knowledge: 

1.    The Report fully complies
with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  

2.    The information contained
in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.  

Date: October 21, 2016  
      By:   

/s/ David E. Jorden    

David E. Jorden 
         Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Executive and Principal Financial Officer)   

A signed original of this written statement
has been provided to Nuo Therapeutics, Inc. and will be retained by Nuo Therapeutics, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and
Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.  

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 nuot-20160331.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 nuot-20160331.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 nuot-20160331_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 nuot-20160331_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 nuot-20160331_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 nuot-20160331_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

