<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161102_10-Q_edgar_data_1590496_0001477932-16-013224_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>844760</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>57581</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>70798</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>170352</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>245857</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>258577</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>18</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001477932-16-013224.hdr.sgml : 20161102
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161102113059
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001477932-16-013224
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		29
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161102
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161102

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Maple Tree Kids, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001590496
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-CATALOG & MAIL-ORDER HOUSES [5961]
		IRS NUMBER:				463424568
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-192093
		FILM NUMBER:		161966748

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		119 ROCKLAND CENTER
		STREET 2:		SUITE 75
		CITY:			NANUET
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10954
		BUSINESS PHONE:		845-548-0888

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		119 ROCKLAND CENTER
		STREET 2:		SUITE 75
		CITY:			NANUET
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10954

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001477932-16-013224.txt : 20161102

10-Q
 1
 maple_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q
 
   maple_10q.htm      
 
        UNITED STATES      SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION      Washington, D.C. 20549         FORM 10-Q             x  QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934       For the quarterly period ended  September 30, 2016           TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934       For the transition period from __________ to __________               MAPLE TREE KIDS, INC.        (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)                        845-548-0888    (Registrant s telephone number, including area code)     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes  x  No         Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, or a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See definition of  large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):             Large accelerated filer           Accelerated filer             Non-accelerated filer           Smaller reporting company      x        (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)             Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes     No  x      Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive Date File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes     No  x      As of October 12, 2016, there were 8,108,500 shares of company common stock issued and outstanding.       

MAPLE TREE KIDS, INC.    Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q     TABLE OF CONTENTS                   PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION                            Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements       3                         Item 1.      Financial Statements (unaudited)       4                             Condensed Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015       4                          Condensed Statements of Operations for three months and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)       5                          Condensed Statements of Cash Flows for nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)       6                          Notes to Condensed Financial Statements (unaudited)       7                        Item 2.      Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition of and Results of Operations       12                        Item 3.      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk       17                        Item 4.      Controls and Procedures       17                       PART II   OTHER INFORMATION                            Item 1.      Legal Proceedings       18                        Item 1A.      Risk Factors       18                        Item 2.      Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds       18                        Item 3.      Defaults Upon Senior Securities       18                        Item 4.      Mine Safety Disclosures       18                        Item 5.      Other Information       18                        Item 6.      Exhibits       19                        SIGNATURES       20                       2       
     Table of contents           PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION         Special Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements       In addition to historical information, this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those reflected in such forward-looking statements. We cannot give any guarantee that the plans, intentions or expectations described in the forward looking statements will be achieved. All forward-looking statements involve significant risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those factors described in the below Risk Factors  section of our Annual Report that was filed with the Securities   Exchange Commission on February 16, 2016. Readers should carefully review such risk factors as well as factors described in other documents that we file from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission.     In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as  guidance,   may,   will,   should,   expects,   plans,   anticipates,   believes,   estimates,   predicts,   projects,   potential,   proposed,   intended,  or  continue  or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. You should read statements that contain these words carefully, because they discuss our expectations about our future operating results or our future financial condition or state other  forward-looking  information. There may be events in the future that we are not able to accurately predict or control. You should be aware that the occurrence of any of the events described in our risk factors and other disclosures could substantially harm our business, results of operations and financial condition, and that upon the occurrence of any of these events, the trading price of our securities could decline. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, growth rates, and levels of activity, performance or achievements. Factors that may cause actual results, our performance or achievements, or industry results, to differ materially from those contemplated by such forward-looking statements include, without limitation:                      our goals and strategies;                          our future business development, financial condition and results of operations;                          our ability to continue to receive orders from our major customer;                          our expectations regarding demand for our products;                          our ability to diversify our product base                          our ability to diversify our mediums of distribution of our products                          our ability to identify and acquire new customers                          our ability to effectively advertise and promote our products; and                          general economic and business conditions in the United States.         Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements, which reflect management s opinions only as of the date thereof. We undertake no obligation to revise or publicly release the results of any revision of our forward-looking statements, except as required by law.                 3       
     Table of Contents            Item 1. Financial Statements (unaudited)        MAPLE TREE KIDS,   INC.     Condensed Balance Sheets             The accompanying notes are an integral part of these interim condensed financial statements.                 4       
     Table of Contents          MAPLE TREE KIDS,   INC.        Condensed Statements of Operations     (Unaudited)            The accompanying notes are an integral part of these interim condensed financial statements.                 5       
     Table of Contents           MAPLE TREE KIDS,   INC.     Condensed Statements of Cash Flows     (Unaudited)            The accompanying notes are an integral part of these interim condensed financial statements.                 6       
     Table of Contents          MAPLE TREE KIDS,   INC.      Notes to Condensed Financial Statements     September 30, 2016    (Unaudited)       Note 1   Presentation, Description of Business, Merger and Going Concern      The accompanying unaudited condensed financial statements of Maple Tree Kids, Inc. have been prepared in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC, including the instructions to Form 10-Q and Regulation S-X. Certain information and note disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America have been condensed or omitted from these statements pursuant to such rules and regulations and, accordingly, they do not include all the information and notes necessary for comprehensive financial statements and should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2015, included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.     In the opinion of the management of the Company, all adjustments, which are of a normal recurring nature, necessary for a fair statement of the results for the three and nine month periods have been made. Results for the interim period presented are not necessarily indicative of the results that might be expected for the entire fiscal year. When used in these notes, the terms "Company,  "we,  "us" or "our" mean Maple Tree Kids, Inc.     Maple Tree Kids Inc. ( the Company ) was incorporated on August 14, 2013 in the State of Nevada. At the time of our incorporation, our president and sole stockholder subscribed for and purchased 1,000,000 shares of our common stock at a purchase price of $0.001 per share for an aggregate purchase price of $1,000. The Company is a retail distribution company selling all of its products over the internet in the United States, operating in the infant and toddler products business market. The Company s products consist of personalized infant and toddler clothing, toys, towels, wash clothes, bibs, disposable products, blankets, baby wraps and slings, wet bags and other accessories.      Predecessor Business - Maple Tree Kids LLC:     Maple Tree Kids LLC a Vermont Limited Liability Company was formed on August 12, 2005 under State of Vermont statutes. Under the terms of the LLC Operating Agreement ( operating agreement ), the term of the Company expires on certain events of dissolution. The Company had one member at who owned 100% of Maple Tree Kids LLC.     Sale of Member s LLC Interest:     On August 16, 2013, the former single member of Maple Tree Kids LLC sold 100% of her interest in the Company to our president and sole stockholder for $8,800. All cash, inventory and equipment were distributed to the prior member at the closing and the URL websites, customer list and vendor list were retained by the Company and the new sole member. The prior member assumed all liabilities of the Company at closing.     Merger Agreement     On September 26, 2013 the Company, pursuant to an agreement and plan of merger, merged into Maple Tree Kids, Inc, a Nevada corporation and ceased to exist as a Vermont LLC as of the date of this merger. Our principal shareholder, who was the sole member of Maple Tree Kids LLC at the time of the merger, received 1 million shares of Maple Tree Kids, Inc. pursuant to the plan of merger, resulting in her owning a total of 2 million shares of Maple Tree Kids, Inc after the merger and continuing to be the sole shareholder of Maple Tree Kids, Inc. Maple Tree Kids, Inc. had assets consisting of cash of $1,000 and stockholders  equity of $1,000 with no revenue or expenses incurred since its date of incorporation to the time of this merger.                 7       
     Table of Contents         Financial Reporting   Reorganization     For financial reporting purposes, this merger transaction was recorded as a reorganization of Maple Tree Kids LLC whereby Maple Tree Kids LLC is deemed to be the continuing, surviving entity for accounting purposes, but through this merger, has deemed to have adopted the capital structure and now operates under the name of Maple Tree Kids, Inc., who became the surviving entity for legal purposes. Accordingly, all references to the former member s initial capital contribution in Maple Tree Kids LLC been restated to reflect the equivalent number of Maple Tree Kids, Inc. common shares outstanding at the merger date and subsequent capital contributions and capital withdrawals from Maple Tree Kids LLC have been recorded as changes to additional paid-in capital. In other words, the $3,075 of the initial capital contribution made to Maple Tree Kids LLC by the former member of the LLC at August 12, 2005 (date of inception of Maple Tree Kids LLC) has been restated to 2,000,000 common shares outstanding at the par value of $.001 or $2,000 and the remaining $1,075 capital contributed recorded as additional paid-in capital, as of August 12, 2005. Subsequent member capital contributions and withdrawals made from member s equity have been recorded as increases and decreases to additional paid-in capital.     The Company s business activities are focused on developing a market for selling personalized children products and rebranding its name to  Maple Tree Kids , for selling these personalized baby and toddler products and other products to customers through its new website that is currently under construction, mapletreekids.com. Its current business activities include working with new vendors to bring to market more personalized baby products. The Company will be attracting customers to its websites by viral marketing, including placing advertisements and offering promotions on various baby weblogs or  blogs , online journals that are updated frequently and postings to other online communities. There can be no assurance that the Company will be successful in distributing personalized baby products through its Maple Tree Kids website into the retail market.     Sales of the Company s products are made to retail consumers. The Company buys all of its products from various manufacturers located in the United States and all products are marketed and sold under these manufacturers  trademarks. The Company presently sells all of its products over the internet through its website, polkadotpatch.com.     The Company s product sales into the infant and toddler retail market are subject to numerous contingencies, some of which are beyond management s control. These contingencies include general and regional economic conditions, prices for the Company s products, competition, and changes in regulation, various additional political, economic, and other uncertainties.      Going Concern      The Company generated a net loss of $21,811 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and expects to generate losses over the next 12 months, due to an anticipated increase in its general and administrative expenses due to the above mentioned business activities and not having sufficient cash to fund its current and future operations. Therefore there is no assurance that future operations will result in any profit. If the Company cannot generate sufficient revenues to operate profitably in 2016, the Company may need to cease its operations in 2016. If the business operations expand, operating expenses will increase and the profit margins may not be able to cover this increase, and as a result the Company may not be able to develop into a profitable business in the future.     Management s plans for the Company include raising additional capital through either debt or equity issuances. Management estimates the minimum amount of additional funding necessary to enable the Company to remain viable and continue its operations for at least the twelve months following the date of the financial statements is approximately $20,000. In September 2014 and October 2014 we raised $22,170 in our registered offering. This registered offering was closed on November 7, 2014. We also obtained a total of $21,580 and $12,000 of shareholder advances during the nine months September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The total balance due to this principal shareholder was $47,958 and $26,378 as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.     No assurance can be given that management will be successful in its efforts to raise additional capital from present or future shareholders or from its principal shareholder. The failure to raise additional capital needed to achieve its business plans will have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial position, results of operations, and ability to continue as a going concern. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern.     Management's plans, due to the lack of sufficient financial resources and the continuing negative operating results for the Company, include securing a suitable merger partner or acquiring private companies to create investment value for the Company. However, no assurance can be given that management will be successful in these efforts.                 8       
     Table of Contents           Note 2   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies       Fiscal Year:  The Company's fiscal year ends December 31.       Cash and Cash equivalents : We classify all highly liquid investments with stated maturities of three months or less from date of purchase as cash equivalents and all highly liquid investments with stated maturities of greater than three months as marketable securities.      Use of Estimates:  The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the balance sheets and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ materially from those estimates. There were no significant estimates at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.      Fair Value of Financial Instruments:  The book values of cash, prepaid expenses, and accounts payable approximate their respective fair values due to the short-term nature of these instruments. The fair value hierarchy under GAAP distinguishes between assumptions based on market data (observable inputs) and an entity s own assumptions (unobservable inputs).     The hierarchy consists of three levels:                          Level one   Quoted market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities;                             Level two   Inputs other than level one inputs that are either directly or indirectly observable; and                             Level three   Unobservable inputs developed using estimates and assumptions, which are developed by the reporting entity and reflect those assumptions that a market participant would use.         Determining which category an asset or liability falls within the hierarchy requires significant judgment. We evaluate our hierarchy disclosures each quarter.      Segments and Related Information:  The Company operates primarily in one principal business segment, infant and toddler products.       Amortization of Website:  The accompanying balance sheet reflects our websites at cost less accumulated amortization. The estimated useful life is 5 years and these websites were developed in 2005 and amortized using the straight line method over its useful life. Our website is www.polkadotpatch.com. The cost and accumulated amortization of the websites for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and for the year ended December 31, 2015 were both $5,535 as these websites were fully amortized at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.      Revenue Recognition:  Sales to consumers are recorded when the price is fixed or determinable and goods are shipped to the customers. Sales are reported net of allowances for estimated returns and allowances in the accompanying statements of income. Allowances for returns are estimated based on historical customer return rates. Customers pre-pay for orders through our website with their credit cards prior to the shipment of the goods, which takes place within a few days after the order is placed. The Company does not carry inventory and all orders are drop-shipped by our vendors and shipped directly by them to our customers.     The Company evaluates the criteria outlined in FASB ASC Subtopic 605-45,  Revenue Recognition Principal Agent Considerations , in determining whether it is appropriate to record the gross amount of product sales and related costs or the net amount earned as commissions. Generally, when the Company is primarily obligated in a transaction, is subject to inventory risk, has latitude in establishing prices and selecting suppliers, or has several but not all of these indicators, revenue is recorded gross. If the Company is not primarily obligated and amounts earned are determined using a fixed percentage, a fixed-payment schedule, or a combination of the two, the Company generally records the net amounts as commissions earned. The Company records revenue as a principal pursuant to above mentioned factors establishing that the revenue be recorded as a principal.                 9       
     Table of Contents           Allowances Against Accounts Receivable:  The Company did not have any accounts receivable at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. The Company will record allowances against accounts receivable based upon contractually agreed-upon deductions for items such as customer returns. These deductions are recorded throughout the year commensurate with sales activity and historical product returns. All such allowances are recorded as direct offsets to sales. The Company gives all its customers a 14 day product return policy on all sales; the allowances are reduced to reflect such payments or credits issued against the customer s account balance. After 14 days there are no returns but the Company may issue an optional store credit to the customer for up to 25% of the sale amount. There are no returns for sales of products that are personalized for its customers. The Company analyzes the components of the allowances for customer deductions monthly and adjusts the allowances to the appropriate levels. There was no sales returns allowance recorded at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. The historical sales return rate for the Company in relation to its total sales have not been significant.      Income Taxes : Income taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability method in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases as well as operating loss and tax credit carry forwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance to the extent that the recoverability of the asset is unlikely to be recognized. We did not provide any current or deferred income tax provision or benefit for any periods presented to date because we have continued to experience a net operating loss since inception and therefore provide a 100% valuation allowance against all of our deferred tax assets.     The Company adopted the FASB ASC accounting guidance for recognizing and measuring uncertain tax positions, as defined in the FASB ASC Topic  Income Taxes . This guidance prescribes a threshold condition that a tax position must meet for any of the benefits of the uncertain tax position to be recognized in the financial statements. This guidance also provides accounting guidance on derecognizing, classification and disclosure of these uncertain tax positions. The Company recognizes interest accrued related to unrecognized tax benefits in interest expense and penalties in operating expenses. The Company has not recognized any interest and penalties in 2015 or 2014.      Earnings Per Share:  Basic and diluted earnings per share are computed based on the weighted-average common shares and common share equivalents outstanding during the period. The merger with Maple Tree Kids LLC took place on September 26, 2013 and prior periods have been restated to reflect the change in the capitalization of the Company at the merger date.      Advertising Costs:  Advertising costs are expensed as incurred. Advertising costs for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $- and $- respectively. These expenses, when incurred, are recorded under general and administrative expenses.      Shipping and Handling Fees Charged to Customers and Reported as Revenue:  Shipping and handling fees billed to customers are classified on the Statements of Income under the caption selling, general and administrative expenses.       Gift Cards:  The Company will collect the proceeds from gift cards issued and record a liability for the full amount sold. This liability will be reduced when the Company honors redemptions of the gift cards as a form of tender. As a result, the Company will maintain a liability equivalent to 100% of the proceeds from unredeemed gift cards, less estimated unredeemed gift cards. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, there were no significant gift cards sales, therefore the  unredeemed gift certificates  liability was $0 at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.     In recognizing the unredeemed gift card income above, the Company considered the guidance under ASC 405-20-40, Liabilities-Extinguishments of Liabilities-Derecognition paragraph 40-1 that states  A debtor shall derecognize a liability if and only if it has been extinguished. A liability under this standard has been extinguished if either of the following conditions is met: (a) the debtor pays the creditor and is relieved of its obligation for the liability or (b) the debtor is legally released from being the primary obligor under the liability either judicially or by the creditor.  The recognition of unredeemed gift card income is not expected to be material in future reporting periods. If we have future sales of gift cards, we will review historical gift card redemption information at each reporting period to assess the continued appropriateness of the gift card breakage rates and pattern of redemption.             Contingencies:  Certain conditions may exist which may result in a loss to the Company, but which will only be resolved when one or more future events occur or fail to occur. The Company s management and its legal counsel assess such contingent liabilities, and such assessment inherently involves an exercise of judgment. In assessing loss contingencies related to legal proceedings that are pending against the Company, or unasserted claims that may result in such proceedings, the Company s legal counsel evaluates the perceived merits of any legal proceedings or unasserted claims as well as the perceived merits of the amount of relief sought or expected to be sought therein.     If the assessment of a contingency indicates that it is probable that a material loss has been incurred and the amount of the liability can be estimated, the estimated liability would be accrued in the Company s financial statements. If the assessment indicates that a potentially material loss contingency is not probable but is reasonably possible, or is probable but cannot be estimated, the nature of the contingent liability, together with an estimate of the range of possible loss if determinable and material, would be disclosed.     Loss contingencies considered remote are generally not disclosed unless they arise from guarantees, in which case the guarantees would be disclosed.       Recently-Issued Accounting Standards:       In May 2014, the FASB issued guidance on the accounting for revenue from contracts with customers that will supersede most existing revenue recognition guidance, including industry-specific guidance. The core principle requires an entity to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of goods and services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. In addition, the guidance requires enhanced disclosures regarding the nature, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from an entity's contracts with customers. This guidance is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning on or after December 15, 2017. Entities can choose to apply the guidance using either the full retrospective approach or a modified retrospective approach. Management believes that the adoption of this guidance will not have a material impact on our financial statements.     ASU 2014-15    Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern ( ASU 2014-15 ).  In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-15 requiring management to assess an entity s ability to continue as a going concern, and to provide related footnote disclosures in certain circumstances. ASU 2014-15 is effective for annual periods, and interim periods within those annual periods, starting December 15, 2016; the Company s first quarter of fiscal 2016.      Note 3   Major Customer      The Company has one major customer, which represents approximately 83% and 80% of total sales for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively and approximately 79% and 80% of total sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.      Note   4       Shareholder Advances and Related Party Transactions      The principal shareholder advanced $21,580 and $12,000 as a non-interest bearing loan, unsecured and payable on demand for nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The total balance due to this principal shareholder was $47,958 and $26,378 as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.       Note 5       Stockholders  Equity      In September 2014 and October 2014 the Company sold in its registered public offering to 39 retail investors 1,108,500 shares of its common stock for aggregate net proceeds of $22,170. The purchase price was $0.02 per common share and there were no offering costs paid in this registered offering. This registered public offering was closed on November 7, 2014.              Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions of Operations.        The following management s discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and the notes thereto and the other financial information appearing elsewhere in this report. In addition to historical information, the following discussion contains certain forward-looking information. See  Special Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements  above for certain information concerning those forward looking statements.       Overview      We are a web-based retailer of clothing, accessories and other personalized gifts for children. We currently sell our products through our website www.polkadotpatch.com. We do not have any stores or outlets. We are in the process of rebranding our business under the name Maple Tree Kids. We are devoting a substantial amount of our efforts promoting our personalized children products, creating a new logo, marketing and sales collateral, and creating a new website, www.mapletreekids.com.     We acquire our products from approximately 35 wholesale vendors all located in the United States who will also drop-ship the inventory we purchase from them to our customers. We do not manufacture any of our own products. We have not entered into any formal supply agreements with these vendors. We are required to pay in full for products purchased from these vendors upon delivery. If the prices charged by these vendors increase and we are not able to pass on the increased price to our customers, then our margins will be reduced and this will affect our potential for future profitability.     Principal Factors Affecting our Financial Performance     Our operating results are primarily affected by the following factors:                      Our auditors have issued a going concern opinion. This means that there is substantial doubt that we can continue as an ongoing business for the next 12 months.                          Our ability to achieve and maintain profitability and positive cash flow is dependent upon:                          Our ability to develop and continually update our websites;                          Our ability to procure and maintain on commercially reasonable terms relationships with third parties from whom we acquire inventory;                          Our ability to identify and pursue mediums through which we will be able to market our products;                          Our ability to attract new customers to our websites who are interested in purchasing our products; and                          Our ability to manage our costs and maintain low overhead.                             Based upon current plans, we expect to incur operating losses in future periods because we will continue to be developing our Maple Tree Kids website to sell personalized children products that will be located at www.mapletreekids.com and will be incurring expenses and not generating significant revenues.                                 We are dependent upon our relationship with our major customer. This customer accounted for approximately 73% and 80%, of our total revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. This major customer is not contractually obligated to purchase any minimum amount of products from us and can discontinue buying products from us at any time. If we fail to maintain this relationship, our sales will be significantly diminished. Any change in the terms of our sales to our major customer could have a material impact on our financial position and results of operations.                          Our sales are dependent on our ability to attract retail customers to our website on cost-effective terms. Our strategy to attract customers to our website includes viral marketing, the practice of placing advertisements and offering giveaways on various highly rated baby weblogs or "blogs", online journals that are updated frequently and available to the public, postings on online communities such as Facebook, MySpace, Yahoo!(R) Groups and amateur websites such as YouTube.com, and other methods of getting Internet users to refer others to our website by e-mail or word of mouth; search engine optimization, marketing our website via search engines by purchasing sponsored placement in search results; and entering into affiliate marketing relationships with website providers to increase our access to Internet consumers. We expect to rely on word of mouth marketing as the primary source of traffic to our website, with search engine optimization and affiliate marketing as secondary sources.            Results of Operations for the   three months   and nine months ended   September 30, 2016 and 2015      Revenues     Our revenue was $2,101 and $2,504 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively and $5,982 and $8,603 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. This decrease in revenue in 2016 is due to a decrease in the volume of items sold through our current website to our major customer and other customers.     Our ability to generate a significant level of revenues, however, is very uncertain. We continue to be devoting substantially all of our efforts to rebranding our company under the name Maple Tree Kids to sell more personalized children products to the market and creating related marketing and sales collateral, a new logo and new website among other things.     Cost of Sales     Our cost of sales was $1,417 and $1,748 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively and $4,052 and $5,450 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The decrease in the cost of sales for 2016 was due to our decrease in revenue in 2016 as we sold less merchandise to our major customer and fewer retail customers in 2016.     Gross Profit     We generated gross profit of $684 and $756 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively and $1,930 and $3,153 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The decrease in the gross profit for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2016 was due to the decrease in revenue in 2016 versus 2015.     Operating Expenses     Our operating expenses were $3,882 and $3,106 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively and $23,741 and $36,951 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The decrease in our operating expenses in 2016 was due primarily to the decrease in expenses related to our public company listing.      Net Loss     Our net loss for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $3,198 and $2,350, respectively and for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $21,811 and $33,798, respectively. The decrease in net loss in 2016 was due to the reasons stated above.             Impact of Potential Loss of our Major Customer on our Liquidity      Currently sales to our major customer constitute approximately 73% and 80% of our total revenue for the nine months ended September, 2016 and 2015, respectively and revenue from them has decreased from prior periods. Any further decrease in selling our products to them will substantially affect our future operating results and future liquidity. Although we currently have a satisfactory relationship with our major customer, if they were to terminate their relationship or stop ordering products from us, these events would currently result in a loss of substantially all of our revenue which would have a material impact on the liquidity and future of our Company. It is uncertain how long our major customer will continue to order products from us as we do not have any assurances from them as to how long they will continue ordering products from us. We do not have an exclusive agreement with them for selling our type of products to them.     In the event that the Company is not able to retain our major customer or obtain new customers, we will incur increased operating losses and we will need to raise additional capital to maintain our current operations or cease operations. We presently do not have sufficient working capital to advertise in order to increase our web-based sales by attracting new customers to our websites. We are not presently negotiating any agreements with any new customers.      Liquidity and Capital Resources      As of September 30, 2016, we had cash of $1,775, total assets of $1,775 and working capital (deficits) of $(46,794) compared to $1,983 in cash, $1,983 in total assets and $(24,983) in working capital (deficits) as of December 31, 2015.     The following table provides detailed information about our net cash flow for all financial statement periods presented in this Report:            Operating Activities      Cash used in operating activities in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 consisted of net loss as well as the effect of changes in working capital. Cash used in operating activities in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $21,788, which consisted of a net loss of $21,811 and an increase in working capital of $23. The increase in working capital was due to an increase in accrued liabilities of $23. The decrease in our net loss in 2016 was related to the decrease in our operating expenses, as explained above.      Cash used in operating activities in the nine months ended September 30, 2015 consisted of net loss as well as the effect of changes in working capital. Cash used in operating activities in the nine months ended September 30, 2015 was $34,830, which consisted of a net loss of $33,798 and a decrease in working capital of $1,032. The decrease in working capital was due to decrease in accrued liabilities of $1,032.             Investing Activities      During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 we had no investing activities.       Financing Activities      During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we had net cash provided by financing activities of $21,580 as compared to net cash flows provided by financing activities of $12,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. This increase in cash provided by financing activities is due to an increase in shareholder loan payable of $21,580.      During the year ending December 31, 2016, our total cash requirements will exceed our cash balances. Currently, we do not have sufficient cash in our bank accounts to cover our estimated expenses for the next 12 months. Our current average monthly negative cash flow is approximately $2,000 per month. Based on our current cash position at September 30, 2016 we do not have enough cash on hand to fund our current operations. We anticipate meeting our future cash requirements through either equity financing or debt financing from our principal shareholder to fund the operating costs and the costs of being a public reporting company. Although we anticipate meeting our future cash requirements though, among other things, debt financing from our principal shareholder, we do not currently have any agreements with our principal shareholder to provide such financing, written or unwritten.     We estimate that our operating expenses, based on us being able to raise the necessary equity capital and executing on our business plan, will be approximately $100,000 as described in the table below. These estimates may change significantly depending on the nature of our future business activities and our ability to raise capital from shareholders or other sources.           We intend to meet our cash requirements for the next 12 months through either equity financing, continued debt financing from our major shareholder or securing a suitable merger partner or acquiring private companies to create investment value for the Company. However, no assurance can be given that management will be successful in these efforts.     We currently do not have any agreements in place for the completion of any equity financings and there is no assurance that we will be successful in completing any further equity financings or raising any capital. There is no assurance that any financing will be available or if available, on terms that will be acceptable to us. We may not raise sufficient funds to fully carry out our business plan. Management's plans, due to the lack of sufficient financial resources and the continuing negative operating results, include securing a suitable merger partner or acquiring private companies to create investment value for the Company. However, no assurance can be given that management will be successful in these efforts.             Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements      As of the date of this report, we have no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in our financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that are material to our stockholders.      Inflation      The effect of inflation on our revenues and operating results has not been significant.      Critical Accounting Policies      Our financial statements are impacted by the accounting policies used and the estimates and assumptions made by management during their preparation. A complete listing of these policies is included in Note 2 of the notes to our financial statements for the quarters ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. We have identified below the accounting policies that are of particular importance in the presentation of our financial position, results of operations and cash flows, and which require the application of significant judgment by management.     Revenue Recognition     Sales to consumers are recorded when goods are shipped and are reported net of allowances for estimated returns and allowances in the accompanying statements of operations. The customer authorizes us to charge their credit card at the time of purchase with the understanding their credit card will be charged upon shipment. We recognize revenue based on the below three criteria. Our policy is to allow the return of any unused merchandise purchased from us for any reason for a 15-day period after the date of sale.      Delivery has occurred . We have our vendors drop ship inventory to our customers and we recognize revenue when we are notified that shipment has occurred.      Fee is fixed or determinable . The price is deemed to be fixed and determinable based on our successful collection history and our arrangement with our customers.      Collectability is reasonably assured . We determine for all of our customers whether collectability is reasonably assured pursuant to our credit review policy. All credit card payments are approved and processed through our website.     We evaluate the criteria outlined in FASB ASC Subtopic 605-45, Revenue Recognition Principal Agent Considerations, in determining whether it is appropriate to record the gross amount of product sales and related costs or the net amount earned as commissions. Generally, according to this accounting principle, when we are primarily obligated in a transaction, subject to inventory risk, have latitude in establishing prices and selecting suppliers, or have several but not all of these indicators, revenue is recorded gross. If we are not primarily obligated and amounts earned are determined using a fixed percentage, a fixed-payment schedule, or a combination of the two, we generally record the net amounts as commissions earned.     Based on the above facts, we recognize all revenue as a Principal, not an agent.            Use of Estimates     The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the year. Actual results could differ from those estimates.     Recent Accounting Pronouncements     Refer to Note 2 of the Notes to our condensed financial statements for a discussion of recent accounting standards and pronouncements.       Item 3. Quantitative And Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.       Pursuant to Item 305(e) of Regulation S-K, we are not required to provide the information required by this Item as we are a  smaller reporting company.        Item 4. Controls And Procedures.        Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures      We maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act). Disclosure controls and procedures refer to controls and other procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.     As required by Rule 13a-15(e), our management has carried out an evaluation, with the participation and under the supervision of Ms. Irina Goldman, our President and Principal Accounting Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as of September 30, 2016. Based upon, and as of the date of this evaluation, Ms. Irina Goldman determined that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level.      Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting      During the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2016, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.              PART II     OTHER INFORMATION         Item 1. Legal Proceedings       From time to time, we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings, which arise in the ordinary course of business. However, litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties, and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm business. We are currently not aware of any such legal proceedings or claims that will have, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse affect on our business, financial condition or operating results.       Item 1A. Risk Factors       As a smaller reporting company, we are not required to make disclosures under this Item 1A.       Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds       None.       Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities         None.       Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosure       Not applicable       Item 5. Other Information       None.             Item 6. Exhibits                Exhibit     Number        Description                         31        Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification - Principal Executive and Principal Accounting Officer                         32        Section 1350 Certification                        101.INS *      XBRL Instance Document                       101.SCH *      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document                       101.CAL *      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document                       101.DEF *      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document                       101.LAB *      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document                       101.PRE *      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document      ________   *XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language) information is furnished and filed or a part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, is deemed filed for purposes of section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and is subject to liability under these sections.               SIGNATURES       In accordance with section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant caused this Report on Form 10-Q to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereto duly authorized individuals.                 MAPLE TREE KIDS, INC.                               Date: November 2, 2016    By:     /s/ Irina Goldman            Name:     Irina Goldman          Title:     President, Treasurer and Secretary               Principal Executive Officer and Principal Accounting  Officer and Chief Accounting Officer and Director                     

<EX-31>
 2
 maple_ex31.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
   maple_ex31.htm      EXHIBIT 31       CERTIFICATION      I, Irina Goldman, certify that:             1.    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Maple Tree Kids, Inc.;               2.    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;               3.    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;               4.    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:                      a)    designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;                      b)    designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;                      c)    evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and                      d)    disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.                  5.    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):                   a)    all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and                      b)    any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.                     Date: November 2, 2016    By:     /s/ Irina Goldman            Name:     Irina Goldman          Title:    President, Treasurer and Secretary               Principal Executive Officer and Principal Accounting Officer               and Chief Accounting Officer and Director                

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 3
 maple_ex32.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
   maple_ex32.htm      EXHIBIT 32       CERTIFICATION     Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350     (Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002)      In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Maple Tree Kids, Inc. (the  Company ) for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), Irina Goldman, President (Principal Executive Officer) and Principal Accounting Officer of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as adopted pursuant to  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:                 (1)  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and                            (2)  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.                    Date: November 2, 2016    By:      /s/ Irina Goldman            Name:     Irina Goldman          Title:     President, Treasurer and Secretary               Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial  and Accounting Officer and Director          

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 4
 maple-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 maple-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 maple-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 maple-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 maple-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 maple-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

