<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1101680_0001101680-16-000117_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5238585</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>264000</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>317524</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1743420</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2029190</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>773765</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>34</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001101680-16-000117.hdr.sgml : 20161121
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114174122
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001101680-16-000117
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		68
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161121

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			DASAN ZHONE SOLUTIONS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001101680
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	TELEPHONE & TELEGRAPH APPARATUS [3661]
		IRS NUMBER:				223509099
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-32743
		FILM NUMBER:		161996543

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7195 OAKPORT STREET
		CITY:			OAKLAND
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94621
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5107777000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7195 OAKPORT STREET
		CITY:			OAKLAND
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94621

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ZHONE TECHNOLOGIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20031114

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TELLIUM INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000911

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001101680-16-000117.txt : 20161121

10-Q
 1
 dzsi-9302016x10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q THIRD QUARTER

Document 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-Q    

(Mark One)   

For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016    
  OR 

For the transition period from                  to                
  000-32743 
  (Commission File Number) 

DASAN ZHONE SOLUTIONS, INC. 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Delaware 
      
    22-3509099 
      (State or other jurisdiction of 
  incorporation or organization) 
      
    (I.R.S. Employer 
  Identification Number) 

7195 Oakport Street 
  Oakland, California 
      
    94621 
      (Address of principal executive offices) 
      
    (Zip code) 

(510) 777-7000 
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code)    

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes    x      No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes     x      No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definition of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
                       Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 
    x 
      Non-accelerated filer 
        (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
      
    Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes           No    x 
  As of November 2, 2016, there were approximately 81,873,848 shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding.                     

Table of Contents  

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
      PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
     Financial Statements  
    4 
        
     Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets  
    4 
        
     Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss  
    5 
        
     Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  
    6 
        
     Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
    7 
      Item 2. 
     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    19 
      Item 3. 
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
    29 
      Item 4. 
     Controls and Procedures  
    30 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
     Legal Proceedings  
    32 
      Item 1A. 
     Risk Factors  
    32 
      Item 6. 
     Exhibits  
    44 
        
     Signatures  
    45 

2 

Table of Contents  

EXPLANATORY NOTE 
    
  This report is the Quarterly Report on the Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 (this "Form 10-Q") of DASAN Zhone Solutions, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"). On September 9, 2016, the acquisition of Dasan Network Solutions, Inc. ("DNS") was consummated through the merger of a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company with and into DNS, with DNS surviving as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (the "Merger"). In connection with the Merger, the Company changed its name from Zhone Technologies, Inc. to DASAN Zhone Solutions, Inc. For periods through September 8, 2016, Zhone Technologies, Inc. is referred to as "Legacy Zhone." 
    
  Pursuant to the Merger, all issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of DNS were canceled and converted into the right to receive shares of the Company s common stock in an amount equal to 58% of the issued and outstanding shares of the Company s common stock. As a result, immediately following the effective time of the Merger, DNS' former sole shareholder, DASAN Networks, Inc., held 58% of the outstanding shares of the Company s common stock and the holders of the Company s common stock immediately prior to the Merger retained, in the aggregate, 42% of the outstanding shares of the Company s common stock.  
    
  The Merger has been accounted for as a reverse acquisition under which DNS was considered the accounting acquirer of the Company. As such, the financial results of the Company for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 presented in this Form 10-Q reflect the operating results of DNS and its consolidated subsidiaries for the period commencing on the first day of the applicable period through September 8, 2016 and the operating results of both DNS and Legacy Zhone and their respective consolidated subsidiaries for the period September 9 through September 30, 2016.  Such results are compared to the financial results of DNS and its consolidated subsidiaries for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015. The balance sheet of the Company includes the fair value of  the assets and liabilities of Legacy Zhone as of the effective date of the Merger. Those assets include the fair value of acquired intangible assets and goodwill. Due to the foregoing, the Company s financial results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 are not comparable to its financial results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015. The fourth quarter ending December 31, 2016 will be the first quarter in which the Company's financial results reflect a full quarter of operating results for both DNS and Legacy Zhone and their respective consolidated subsidiaries. Except as otherwise specifically noted herein, all references in this Form 10-Q to the "Company", "we", "us", or "our" refer to (i) DNS and its consolidated subsidiaries for periods through September 8, 2016 and (ii) the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries for periods on or after September 9, 2016.  
    
  Refer to Notes 1 and 2 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.   
    
  As previously disclosed, the Company is still in the process of engaging a new independent registered public accounting firm following the previously disclosed resignation of KPMG, LLP. As a result, an independent registered public accounting firm did not review the interim unaudited financial statements as of and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 pursuant to the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board's (PCAOB) AU 722, Interim Financial Information, as required by Rule 10-01(d) of Regulation S-X. As a result, this Form 10-Q is deemed deficient and should not be relied upon. A review of the Company s interim unaudited financial statements may result in changes to the financial statements contained herein. The Company undertakes the responsibility to file an amendment to this Form 10-Q promptly following the Company s engagement of an independent registered public accounting firm and the completion of their review of the interim unaudited financial statements as of and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016.  

3 

Table of Contents  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1.    Financial Statements 

DASAN ZHONE SOLUTIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (NOT REVIEWED) 
  (In thousands, except par value) 

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
   1    The Company is still in the process of engaging a new independent registered public accounting firm. Accordingly, a review, pursuant to PCAOB AU 722,   Interim Financial Information,   by an independent registered public accounting firm has not been completed for the indicated period.  

4 

Table of Contents  

DASAN ZHONE SOLUTIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss (NOT REVIEWED) 
  (In thousands, except per share data) 

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
    
   1    The Company is still in the process of engaging a new independent registered public accounting firm. Accordingly, a review, pursuant to PCAOB AU 722,   Interim Financial Information,   by an independent registered public accounting firm has not been completed for the indicated period.  

5 

Table of Contents  

DASAN ZHONE SOLUTIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (NOT REVIEWED) 
  (In thousands) 

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
    
   1    The Company is still in the process of engaging a new independent registered public accounting firm. Accordingly, a review, pursuant to PCAOB AU 722,   Interim Financial Information,   by an independent registered public accounting firm has not been completed for the indicated period.  

6 

Table of Contents  

Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (NOT REVIEWED) 

(1) 
    Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
              (a) 
    Description of Business 
     DASAN Zhone Solutions, Inc. (formerly known as Zhone Technologies, Inc. and referred to, collectively with its subsidiaries, as "DASAN Zhone" or the "Company") is a global leader in broad-based network access solutions. The Company provides solutions in   five   major product areas: broadband access, mobile backhaul, Ethernet switching, passive optical LAN ("POLAN") and software defined networks ("SDN"). More than 750 of the world's most innovative network operators, service providers and enterprises turn to DASAN Zhone for fiber access transformation.  
  DASAN Zhone was incorporated under the laws of the state of Delaware in June 1999. On September 9, 2016, the Company acquired Dasan Network Solutions, Inc. ("DNS") through the merger of a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company with and into DNS, with DNS surviving as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (the "Merger"). In connection with the Merger, the Company changed its name from Zhone Technologies, Inc. to DASAN Zhone Solutions, Inc. For periods through September 8, 2016, Zhone Technologies, Inc. is referred to as "Legacy Zhone." The Company s common stock continues to be traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market, and the Company s ticker symbol was changed from "ZHNE" to "DZSI" effective September 12, 2016. The Company is headquartered in Oakland, California. 
    
           (b) 
    Basis of Presentation 
     The condensed consolidated financial statements are unaudited and reflect all adjustments (consisting only of normal recurring adjustments) that, in the opinion of management, are necessary for a fair presentation of the results for the interim periods presented in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("GAAP"). All significant inter-company transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation. The results of operations for the current interim period are not necessarily indicative of results to be expected for the current year or any other period. These unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements of DNS and notes thereto included in the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 8, 2016.     
  As discussed more fully in Note 2, on September 9, 2016, the Company acquired DNS through the Merger of a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company ("Merger Sub") with and into DNS, with DNS surviving as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. The Merger is treated as a reverse acquisition for accounting purposes, with DNS as the acquirer of the Company. As such, the financial results of the Company for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 presented in this Form 10-Q reflect the operating results of DNS and its consolidated subsidiaries for the period commencing on the first day of the applicable period through September 8, 2016, and reflect the operating results of both DNS and Legacy Zhone and their respective consolidated subsidiaries for the period September 9 through September 30, 2016.  Such results are compared to the financial results for DNS and its consolidated subsidiaries for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015. The balance sheet of the Company reflects the fair value of the assets and liabilities of Legacy Zhone as of the effective date of the Merger. Those assets include the fair value of acquired intangible assets and goodwill. Due to the foregoing, the Company s financial results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 are not comparable to its financial results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015. The fourth quarter ending December 31, 2016 will be the first quarter in which the Company s financial results reflect a full quarter of operating results for both DNS and Legacy Zhone and their respective consolidated subsidiaries. 
  Except as otherwise specifically noted herein, all references to the "Company" refer to (i) DNS and its consolidated subsidiaries for periods through September 8, 2016 and (ii) the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries for periods on or after September 9, 2016.   
    
           (c) 
    Risks and Uncertainties 
     The accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. The Company incurred a net loss of   $3.0 million   for the year ended December 31, 2015 and a net loss of   $8.3 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , which net losses have continued to reduce cash and cash equivalents. As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had approximately   $34.4 million   in cash and cash equivalents and   $26.9 million   in aggregate principal amount of outstanding borrowings under short-term loans and the Company's loan agreement with DASAN Networks, Inc ("DASAN").  In addition, the Company had an aggregate of   $37.0 million   in revolving line of credit facilities as of September 30, 2016,  
  
   7 

     Table of Contents  

which included the Company's   $25.0 million   revolving line of credit and letter of credit facility (the  WFB Facility ) with Wells Fargo Bank ( WFB ). The Company had no borrowings outstanding under the WFB Facility and   $5.7 million   in aggregate principal amount of borrowings under its other revolving line of credit facilities at September 30, 2016. See Note 7 and Note 8 for additional information.   
  The Company s current lack of liquidity could harm it by: 
             
    increasing its vulnerability to adverse economic conditions in its industry or the economy in general; 
                
    requiring substantial amounts of cash to be used for debt servicing, rather than other purposes, including operations; 
                
    limiting its ability to plan for, or react to, changes in its business and industry; and 
                
    influencing investor and customer perceptions about its financial stability and limiting its ability to obtain financing or acquire customers. 
     In order to meet the Company s liquidity needs and finance its capital expenditures and working capital needs for the business, the Company may be required to sell assets, issue debt or equity securities, purchase credit insurance or borrow on unfavorable terms. In addition, the Company may be required to reduce its operations in low margin regions, including reductions in headcount. The Company may be unable to sell assets, issue securities or access additional indebtedness to meet these needs on favorable terms, or at all. If additional capital is raised through the issuance of debt securities or other debt financing, the terms of such debt may include covenants, restrictions and financial ratios that may restrict the Company s ability to operate its business. Likewise, any equity financing could result in additional dilution of the Company s stockholders. If the Company is unable to sell assets, issue securities or access additional indebtedness to meet these needs on favorable terms, or at all, the Company may become unable to pay its ordinary expenses, including its debt service, on a timely basis and may be required to reduce the scope of its planned product development and sales and marketing efforts beyond the reductions it has previously taken.  Based on the Company s current plans and business conditions, it believes that its focused operating expense discipline along with its existing cash, cash equivalents and available credit facilities will be sufficient to satisfy its anticipated cash requirements for at least the next twelve months. 
  The Company's financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected by various factors, including: 
             
    Potential deferment of purchases and orders by customers; 
                
    Customers  inability to obtain financing to make purchases from the Company and/or maintain their business; 
                
    Negative impact from increased financial pressures on third-party dealers, distributors and retailers; 
                
    Intense competition in the communication equipment market; 
                
    Commercial acceptance of the Company s products; and 
                
    Negative impact from increased financial pressures on key suppliers. 
     The Company may experience material adverse impacts on its business, operating results and financial condition as a result of weak or recessionary economic or market conditions in the United States, Korea or the rest of the world. 
    
           (e) 
    Use of Estimates 
     The preparation of the condensed consolidated financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the condensed consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ materially from those estimates. 

8 

     Table of Contents  

(f) 
    Revenue Recognition 
     The Company recognizes revenue when the earnings process is complete. The Company recognizes product revenue upon shipment of product under contractual terms which transfer title to customers upon shipment, under normal credit terms, net of estimated sales returns and allowances at the time of shipment. Revenue is deferred if there are significant post-delivery obligations or if the fees are not fixed or determinable. When significant post-delivery obligations exist, revenue is deferred until such obligations are fulfilled. The Company s arrangements generally do not have any significant post-delivery obligations. If the Company s arrangements include customer acceptance provisions, revenue is recognized upon obtaining the signed acceptance certificate from the customer, unless the Company can objectively demonstrate that the delivered products or services meet all the acceptance criteria specified in the arrangement prior to obtaining the signed acceptance. In those instances where revenue is recognized prior to obtaining the signed acceptance certificate, the Company uses successful completion of customer testing as the basis to objectively demonstrate that the delivered products or services meet all the acceptance criteria specified in the arrangement. The Company also considers historical acceptance experience with the customer, as well as the payment terms specified in the arrangement, when revenue is recognized prior to obtaining the signed acceptance certificate. When collectability is not reasonably assured, revenue is recognized when cash is collected. 
  The Company makes certain sales to product distributors. These customers are given certain privileges to return a portion of inventory. Return privileges generally allow distributors to return inventory based on a percent of purchases made within a specific period of time. The Company recognizes revenue on sales to distributors that have contractual return rights when the products have been sold by the distributors, unless there is sufficient customer specific sales and sales returns history to support revenue recognition upon shipment. In those instances when revenue is recognized upon shipment to distributors, the Company uses historical rates of return from the distributors to provide for estimated product returns. 
  The Company derives revenue primarily from stand-alone sales of its products. In certain cases, the Company s products are sold along with services, which include education, training, installation, and/or extended warranty services. As such, some of the Company s sales have multiple deliverables. The Company s products and services qualify as separate units of accounting and are deemed to be non-contingent deliverables as the Company s arrangements typically do not have any significant performance, cancellation, termination and refund type provisions. Products are typically considered delivered upon shipment. Revenue from services is recognized ratably over the period during which the services are to be performed. 
  For multiple deliverable revenue arrangements, the Company allocates revenue to products and services using the relative selling price method to recognize revenue when the revenue recognition criteria for each deliverable are met. The selling price of a deliverable is based on a hierarchy and if the Company is unable to establish vendor-specific objective evidence of selling price ( VSOE ) it uses third-party evidence of selling price ( TPE ), and if no such data is available, it uses a best estimated selling price ( BSP ). In most instances, particularly as it relates to products, the Company is not able to establish VSOE for all deliverables in an arrangement with multiple elements. This may be due to infrequently selling each element separately, not pricing products within a narrow range, or only having a limited sales history. When VSOE cannot be established, the Company attempts to establish the selling price of each element based on TPE. Generally, the Company s marketing strategy differs from that of the Company s peers and the Company s offerings contain a significant level of customization and differentiation such that the comparable pricing of products with similar functionality cannot be obtained. Furthermore, the Company is unable to reliably determine what similar competitor products  selling prices are on a stand-alone basis. Therefore, the Company is typically not able to determine TPE for the Company s products. 
  When the Company is unable to establish selling price using VSOE or TPE, the Company uses BSP. The objective of BSP is to determine the price at which the Company would transact a sale if the product or service were sold on a stand-alone basis. The BSP of each deliverable is determined using average discounts from list price from historical sales transactions or cost plus margin approaches based on the factors, including but not limited to, the Company s gross margin objectives and pricing practices plus customer and market specific considerations. 
  The Company has established TPE for its training, education and installation services. TPE is determined based on competitor prices for similar deliverables when sold separately. These service arrangements are typically short term in nature and are largely completed shortly after delivery of the product. Training and education services are based on a daily rate per person and vary according to the type of class offered. Installation services are based on daily rate per person and vary according to the complexity of the products being installed. 
  
   9 

     Table of Contents  

Extended warranty services are priced based on the type of product and are sold in   one   to   five   year durations. Extended warranty services include the right to warranty coverage beyond the standard warranty period. In substantially all of the arrangements with multiple deliverables pertaining to arrangements with these services, the Company has used and intends to continue using VSOE to determine the selling price for the services. The Company determines VSOE based on its normal pricing practices for these specific services when sold separately. 
    
           (g) 
    Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
     As of   September 30, 2016   and December 31, 2015, the Company's financial instruments included cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, trade and other receivables, other current assets, accounts payable, other current liabilities and debt. Due to the short-term maturities of cash and cash equivalents, trade and other receivables, other current assets, accounts payable and other current liabilities, the carrying amounts approximate fair value at the applicable balance sheet date. The carrying value of debt approximated its fair value based on a comparison with then-prevailing market interest rates. Due to the short-term maturities of the Company s investments, carrying amounts approximated fair value at the applicable balance sheet date. The fair value of these instruments would be categorized as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy, with the exception of cash and cash equivalents, which would be categorized as Level 1.    
    
           (h) 
    Concentration of Risk 
     The Company s customers include competitive and incumbent local exchange carriers, competitive access providers, Internet service providers, wireless carriers and resellers serving these markets. The Company performs ongoing credit evaluations of its customers and generally does not require collateral. Allowances are maintained for potential doubtful accounts.  For the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015,   three   customers represented   46%   and   63%   of net revenue, respectively. For the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and 2015,   three   customers represented   44%   and   56%   of net revenue, respectively.  
  Three   customers accounted for   37%   and   66%   of net accounts receivable as of   September 30, 2016   and December 31, 2015, respectively. 
  As of   September 30, 2016   and December 31, 2015, receivables from customers in countries other than the United States represented   80%   and   93%  , respectively, of net accounts receivable. 
    
           (i) 
    Comprehensive Loss 
     There have been no items reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive loss and into net loss. The Company s other comprehensive loss for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and 2015 is comprised of only foreign exchange translation adjustments. 
    
           (j) 
    Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
       
  On May 28, 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, which requires an entity to recognize the amount of revenue to which it expects to be entitled for the transfer of promised goods or services to customers. The ASU will replace most existing revenue recognition guidance in U.S. GAAP when it becomes effective. The standard permits the use of either the retrospective or cumulative effect transition method. In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-14, which defers the effective date of the guidance in ASU No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customer, for all entities by one year. With the deferral, the new standard is effective for the Company on January 1, 2018. Early adoption is permitted, but not before the original effective date of January 1, 2017. The Company is evaluating the effect that ASU 2014-09 will have on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. The Company has not yet selected a transition method nor has it determined the effect of the standard on its ongoing financial reporting. 
    
  In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15, Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity's Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, which describes how an entity should assess its ability to meet obligations and sets rules for how this information should be disclosed in financial statements. The new standard is effective for the Company on January 1, 2017. Early application is permitted. The Company is evaluating the effect that ASU 2014-15 will have on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.  

10 

     Table of Contents  

In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-11, Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory, which requires an entity to measure inventory at the lower of cost and net realizable value. The guidance does not apply to inventory that is measured using last-in, first-out ("LIFO") or the retail inventory method. The guidance applies to all other inventory, which includes inventory that is measured using first-in, first-out ("FIFO") or average cost. The guidance is effective for the Company on January 1, 2017. ASU No. 2015-11 should be applied prospectively with earlier application permitted as of the beginning of an interim or annual reporting period. The Company is evaluating the effect that ASU 2015-11 will have on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 
    
  In November 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-17, Income Taxes, Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes, which simplifies the classification of deferred tax assets and liabilities as non-currrent in the balance sheet. The updated guidance is effective for the Company on January 1, 2017, and early adoption is permitted. The Company has not yet evaluated the impact of the guidance on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.  
    
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02, Leases. ASU 2016-02 requires that lease arrangements longer than 12 months result in an entity recognizing an asset and liability. The updated guidance is effective for the Company on January 1, 2019, and early adoption is permitted. The Company has not yet evaluated the impact of the guidance on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.  
    
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09, Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting, which requires entities to simplify several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on statements of cash flows. The guidance is effective for the Company on January 1, 2017, and early adoption is permitted. The Company has not yet evaluated the impact of the guidance on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 
    
  In May 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-12, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients, which provides clarification on how to assess collectibility, present sales tax, treat noncash consideration, and account for completed and modified contracts at the time of transition of ASU 2014-09. The effective date of this updated guidance for the Company is the same as the effective date of ASU 2014-09, which is January 1, 2018. The Company has not yet evaluated the impact of the guidance on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.  
    
  In August 2016, FASB issued ASU 2016-15, Statement of Cash Flows, Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments, which addresses eight specific cash flow issues with the objective of reducing the existing diversity in practice.  The updated guidance is effective for the Company on January 1, 2018, and early adoption is permitted. The Company has not yet evaluated the impact of the guidance on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.  

On September 9, 2016, the Company acquired DNS through the Merger of a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company with and into DNS, with DNS surviving as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. At the effective time of the Merger, all issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of DNS held by DASAN were canceled and converted into the right to receive shares of the Company's common stock in an amount equal to   58%   of the issued and outstanding shares of the Company's commons stock immediately following the Merger. Accordingly, at the effective time of the Merger, the Company issued   47,465,082   shares of the Company s common stock to DASAN as consideration in the Merger, of which   4,746,508   shares are being held in escrow as security for claims for indemnifiable losses in accordance with the merger agreement relating to the Merger. As a result, immediately following the effective time of the Merger, DASAN held   58%   of the outstanding shares of the Company's common stock and the holders of the Company's common stock immediately prior to the Merger retained, in the aggregate,   42%   of the outstanding shares of the Company's common stock.  

11 

     Table of Contents  

As described in Note 1, the Company accounted for the Merger as a reverse acquisition under the acquisition method of accounting in accordance with ASC 805, "Business Combination." Consequently, for the purpose of the Purchase Price Allocation ("PPA") DNS' assets and liabilities have been retained at their carrying values and Legacy Zhone's assets acquired, and liabilities assumed, by DNS (as the accounting acquirer in the Merger) have been recorded at their fair value measured as of September 9, 2016. The Merger combines leading technology platforms with a broadened customer base.  
    
  The total purchase consideration in the Merger is based on the number of shares of Legacy Zhone common stock and Legacy Zhone stock options outstanding immediately prior to the closing of the Merger, and was determined based on the closing price of   $1.19   per share of the Company's common stock on the September 9, 2016 (the effective date of the Merger) and the   34,371,266   shares. The estimated total purchase consideration is calculated as follows (in thousands): 

The Company has performed a preliminary valuation analysis of the market value of the assets and liabilities of Legacy Zhone. The following table summarizes the preliminary allocation of the fair value consideration transferred as of the acquisition date (unaudited, in thousands):  

The fair value of the assets acquired includes trade receivables of   $17.1 million  .  
    
  During the three months period ended September 30, 2016, the Company recorded   $3.5 million   in Merger-related costs. These expenses are included in general and administrative expense.  
    
  The goodwill is mainly attributable to the fair values assigned to the acquired intangible assets. The following table presents the preliminary fair values of the acquired intangible assets at the effective date of the Merger (in thousands, except years): 
  
   12 

     Table of Contents  

The following unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 gives effect to the Merger as if it had occurred at the beginning of each period presented. The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information has been included for comparative purposes only and is not necessarily indicative of the combined company's financial position or results of operations might have been had the Merger been completed as of the dates indicated. In addition, the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information does not purport to project the future financial position or results of operations of the combined company. The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information reflects adjustments related to the Merger, such as to record certain incremental expenses resulting from purchase accounting adjustments (such as amortization expenses in connection with the fair value adjustments to intangible assets and Merger-related costs).  

For the period from September 9, 2016 (the effective date of the Merger) through September 30, 2016, the Company's income statement included   $5.7 million   of revenues and   $2.5 million   of net loss from the Legacy Zhone business. 

(3) 
    Cash and Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash 
     As of   September 30, 2016   and December 31, 2015, the Company's cash and cash equivalents comprised financial deposits. Restricted cash comprised cash restricted for research and development activities and collateral for borrowings. 

(4) 
    Inventories 
     Inventories as of   September 30, 2016   and December 31, 2015 were as follows (in thousands): 

13 

Table of Contents  

(5) 
    Property and Equipment, net 
     Property and equipment, net, as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   were as follows (in thousands): 

Depreciation expense associated with property and equipment for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 amounted to   $0.6 million   and   $0.4 million  , respectively. Depreciation expense associated with property and equipment for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and 2015 amounted to $  1.2 million   and   $1.1 million  , respectively.  
  The Company receives grants from the government mainly to support capital expenditures. Such grants are deferred and are generally refundable to the extent the Company does not utilize the funds for qualifying expenditures. Once earned, the Company records the grants as a contra amount to the assets and amortizes such amount over the useful lives of the related assets as a reduction to depreciation expense.  

(6) 
    Intangible Assets, net 
     Intangible assets, net, as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   were as follows (in thousands): 

Impairment and amortization expense associated with intangible assets for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 amounted to   $0.3 million   and less than    $0.1 million  , respectively. Impairment and amortization expense associated with intangible assets for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and 2015 amounted to   $0.4 million    and less than   $0.1 million  , respectively. 

14 

Table of Contents  

WFB Facility 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had a   $25.0 million   revolving line of credit and letter of credit facility with WFB. Under the WFB Facility, the Company has the option of borrowing funds at agreed upon interest rates. The amount that the Company is able to borrow under the WFB Facility varies based on eligible accounts receivable and inventory, as defined in the agreement, as long as the aggregate amount outstanding does not exceed   $25.0 million   less the amount committed as security for letters of credit, which at September 30, 2016 was   $3.8 million   To maintain availability of funds under the WFB Facility, the Company pays a commitment fee on the unused portion. The commitment fee is   0.25%   per annum and is recorded as interest expense. 
  The Company had no outstanding borrowings and    $3.8 million   committed as security for letters of credit under its WFB Facility at September 30, 2016. The Company had $  2.9 million   of borrowing availability remaining under the WFB Facility as of   September 30, 2016  . The maturity date under the WFB Facility is March 31, 2019. The amounts borrowed under the WFB Facility bear interest, payable monthly, at a floating rate equal to the three-month LIBOR plus a margin based on our average excess availability (as calculated under the WFB Facility). The interest rate on the WFB Facility was   3.35%   at   September 30, 2016  . 
  The Company s obligations under the WFB Facility are secured by substantially all of its personal property assets and those of its subsidiaries that guarantee the WFB Facility, including their intellectual property. The WFB Facility contains certain financial covenants, and customary affirmative covenants and negative covenants. If the Company defaults under the WFB Facility due to a covenant breach or otherwise, WFB may be entitled to, among other things, require the immediate repayment of all outstanding amounts and sell the Company s assets to satisfy the obligations under the WFB Facility. As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company was in compliance with these covenants. 
  Bank and Trade Facilities - Foreign Operations 
  Certain of the Company's foreign subsidiaries have entered into various financing arrangements with foreign banks and other lending institutions consisting primarily of revolving lines of credit, trade facilities, term loans and export development loans. These facilities are renewed on an annual basis and are generally secured by a security interest in certain assets of the applicable foreign subsidiaries. Payments under such facilities are made in accordance with the given lender s amortization schedules. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company had an aggregate outstanding balance of   $20.1 million   and   $21.8 million  , respectively, under such financing arrangements, and the interest rate per annum applicable to outstanding borrowings under these financing arrangements as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 ranged from   1.66%   to   4.26%   and   2.04%   to   3.55%  , respectively.  

(8) 
    Related Party Borrowings 
     In connection with the Merger, on September 9, 2016, the Company entered into a Loan Agreement with DASAN for a   $5.0 million   unsecured subordinated term loan facility. Under the Loan Agreement, the Company was permitted to request drawdowns of one or more term loans in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed   $5.0 million  . As of September 30, 2016,   $5.0 million   in term loans was outstanding under the facility. Such term loans mature in September 2021 and are pre-payable at any time by the Company without premium or penalty. The interest rate as of September 30, 2016 under this facility was   4.6%   per annum. 
  In addition, the Company's subsidiary DNS borrowed   $1.8 million   from DASAN for capital investment in February 2016, which amount was outstanding as of September 30, 2016. This loan matures in March 2017 with an option of renewal by mutual agreement, and bears interest at a rate of   6.9%   per annum, payable annually.  

(9) 
    Net Loss Per Share 
     Basic net loss per share is computed by dividing the net loss applicable to holders of common stock for the period by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. The calculation of diluted net loss per share gives effect to common stock equivalents; however, potential common equivalent shares are excluded if their effect is antidilutive. Potential common equivalent shares are composed of incremental shares of common equivalent shares issuable upon the exercise of stock options and warrants.    
  
   15 

     Table of Contents  

The following table is a reconciliation of the numerator and denominator in the basic and diluted net loss per share calculation (in thousands, except per share data): 

The following tables set forth potential shares of the Company's common stock that are not included in the diluted net loss per share calculation for the three and nine months ended September 30,2 016 because their effect would be antidilutive for the periods indicated (in thousands, except exercise price per share data): 

There were no shares that had anti-dilutive effect on the calculation of diluted net loss per share for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

(10) 
    Commitments and Contingencies 
     Operating Leases 
  The Company has entered into operating leases for certain office space and equipment, some of which contain renewal options. Estimated future lease payments under all non-cancelable operating leases with terms in excess of one year, including taxes and service fees, are as follows (in thousands): 

16 

     Table of Contents  

Warranties 
  The Company accrues for warranty costs based on historical trends for the expected material and labor costs to provide warranty services. Warranty periods are generally up to   two years   from the date of shipment. The following table reconciles changes in the Company s accrued warranties and related costs for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015 (in thousands): 

Performance Bonds 
  In the normal course of operations, from time to time, the Company arranges for the issuance of various types of surety bonds, such as bid and performance bonds, which are agreements under which the surety company guarantees that the Company will perform in accordance with contractual or legal obligations. As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company did not have any outstanding surety bonds.  
  Purchase Commitments 
  The Company has agreements with various contract manufacturers which include non-cancellable inventory purchase commitments. The Company s inventory purchase commitments typically allow for cancellation of orders   30   days in advance of the required inventory availability date as set by the Company at time of order. The amount of non-cancellable purchase commitments outstanding, net of reserve, was   $5.5 million   as of   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  Payment Guarantees Provided by Third Parties 
  The following table sets forth third parties that have provided payment guarantees of the Company's indebtedness and other obligations as of   September 30, 2016   (in thousands):                             Guarantor 
      
    Amount Guaranteed 
      
    Description of Obligations Guaranteed 
      NOT REVIEWED 

DASAN 
      
    $ 
    4,378 

Borrowings from Shinhan Bank 
      DASAN 
      
    4,800 

Borrowings from KEB Hana Bank 
      DASAN 
      
    11,684 

Borrowings from Industrial Bank of Korea 
      DASAN 
      
    6,000 

Letter of credit from Nonghyup Bank 
      Industrial Bank of Korea 
      
    3,593 

Letter of credit 
      NongHyup Bank 
      
    2,156 

Letter of credit 
      Other 
      
    1,438 

Purchasing card and performance payment guarantee   1  

$ 
    34,049 

1   The Company is responsible for the warranty liabilities generally for a period of up to   two year  s for major product sales and has obtained surety insurance with respect to part of such warranty liabilities.  
  Royalties 
  The Company has certain royalty commitments associated with the shipment and licensing of certain products. Royalty expense is generally based on a dollar amount per unit shipped or a percentage of the underlying revenue and is recorded in cost of revenue. 
  
   17 

     Table of Contents  

Legal Proceedings 
  The Company is subject to various legal proceedings, claims and litigation arising in the ordinary course of business. While the outcome of these matters is currently not determinable, the Company does not expect that the ultimate costs to resolve these matters will have a material adverse effect on its consolidated financial position or results of operations. However, litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties, and unfavorable rulings could occur. If an unfavorable ruling were to occur, there exists the possibility of a material adverse impact on the results of operations of the period in which the ruling occurs, or future periods. 

(11) 
    Enterprise-Wide Information 
     The Company is a global leader in broad-based network access solutions. The Company provides solutions in five major product areas: broadband access, Ethernet switching, mobile backhaul, POLAN and SDN. The Company s chief operating decision makers are the Company s Co-Chief Executive Officers. The Co-Chief Executive Officers review financial information presented on a consolidated basis accompanied by disaggregated information about revenues by geographic region for purposes of making operating decisions and assessing financial performance. The Company has determined that it has operated within one discrete reportable business segment since inception. The following summarizes required disclosures about geographic concentrations and revenue by products and services (in thousands): 

The total amount of unrecognized tax benefits, including interest and penalties, at   September 30, 2016   was not material. The amount of tax benefits that would impact the effective income tax rate, if recognized, is not expected to be material. There were no significant changes to unrecognized tax benefits during the quarters ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015. The Company does not anticipate any significant changes with respect to unrecognized tax benefits within the next 12 months. 
  
   18 

     Table of Contents  

The Company or one of its subsidiaries files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction, and various state and foreign jurisdictions. The open tax years for the major jurisdictions are as follows: 

However, due to the fact the Company had net operating losses and credits carried forward in most jurisdictions, certain items attributable to technically closed years are still subject to adjustment by the relevant taxing authority through an adjustment to tax attributes carried forward to open years.  
  The Company estimates that its foreign income will generally be subject to taxation in the United States on a current basis and that its foreign subsidiaries and representative offices will therefore not have any material untaxed earnings subject to deferred taxes. In addition, to the extent the Company is deemed to have a sufficient connection to a particular taxing jurisdiction to enable that jurisdiction to tax the Company but the Company has not filed an income tax return in that jurisdiction for the year(s) at issue, the jurisdiction would typically be able to assert a tax liability for such years without limitation on the number of years it may examine. 
  The Company is not currently under examination for income taxes in any material jurisdiction. 

Item 2.    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
  As used in this report, unless the context suggests otherwise, the terms "we", "us", or "our" refer to (i) Dasan Network Solutions, Inc. (DNS) and its consolidated subsidiaries for periods through September 8, 2016 and (ii) DASAN Zhone Solutions, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries for periods on or after September 9, 2016, the effective date of the Merger (as defined below).  In connection with the Merger, Zhone Technologies, Inc. changed its name to DASAN Zhone Solutions, Inc. For periods through September 8, 2016, Zhone Technologies, Inc. is referred to as "Legacy Zhone." 
  Forward-Looking Statements 
  This report, including  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,  contains forward-looking statements regarding future events and our future results that are subject to the safe harbors created under the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. These statements are based on current expectations, estimates, forecasts, and projections about the industries in which we operate and the beliefs and assumptions of our management. We use words such as  anticipate,   believe,   continue,   could,   estimate,   expect,   goal,   intend,   may,   plan,   project,   seek,   should,   target,   will,   would,  variations of such words, and similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements. In addition, statements that refer to projections of earnings, revenue, costs or other financial items; anticipated growth and trends in our business or key markets; future growth and revenues from our products; our ability to refinance or repay our existing indebtedness prior to the applicable maturity date; future economic conditions and performance; anticipated performance of products or services; plans, objectives and strategies for future operations; and other characterizations of future events or circumstances, are forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned that these forward-looking statements are only predictions and are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict, including those identified under the heading  Risk Factors  in Part II, Item 1A, elsewhere in this report and our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC). Therefore, actual results may differ materially and adversely from those expressed in any forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause such a difference include, but are not limited to, our ability to realize the anticipated cost savings, synergies and other benefits of the Merger (as defined below) and any integration risks relating to the Merger, the ability to generate sufficient revenue to achieve or sustain profitability, the ability to raise additional capital to fund existing and future operations or to refinance or repay our existing indebtedness, defects or other performance problems in our products, the economic slowdown in the telecommunications industry that has restricted the ability of our customers to purchase our products, commercial acceptance of our products, intense competition in the communications equipment market from large equipment companies as well as private companies with products that address the same networks needs as our products, higher than anticipated expenses that we may incur,  
  
   19 

     Table of Contents  

and other factors identified elsewhere in this report and in our most recent reports on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K. We undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements for any reason.  

OVERVIEW 
    
  We are a global leader in broad-based network access solutions. We provide solutions in five major product areas: broadband access, mobile backhaul, Ethernet switching, passive optical LAN (POLAN) and software defined networks (SDN).   
    
  Our broadband access products offer a variety of options for carriers and service providers to connect residential and business customers. Our solutions allow carriers and service providers to either use high-speed fiber or leverage their existing deployed copper networks to offer broadband services to customer premises. Once our broadband access products are deployed, the service provider can offer voice, high-definition and ultra-high-definition video, high-speed internet access and business class services to their customers. We develop our broadband access products for all aspects of carrier and service provider access networks: customer premise equipment (such as DSL modems), Ethernet access demarcation devices, Gigabit passive optical network (GPON) and Gigabit Ethernet passive optical network (GEPON) optical network terminals (ONTs). We also develop central office products, such as broadband loop carriers for digital subscriber lines (DSL) and voice-grade telephone service (POTS), high-speed digital subscriber line access multiplexers (DSLAMs) with G.fast and very-high-bit-rate DSL (VDSL) capabilities, optical line terminals (OLTs) for passive optical distribution networks like GPON and GEPON as well as point-to-point Ethernet service for 1 Gigabit to 10 Gigabit access.  
    
  Our mobile backhaul products provide a robust, manageable and scalable solution for mobile operators that enable them to upgrade their mobile backhaul systems and migrate from 3G networks to LTE and beyond. We provide our mobile backhaul products to mobile operators or carriers who provide the transport for mobile operators. Our mobile backhaul products may be collocated at the radio access node (RAN) base station (BS) and can aggregate multiple RAN BS in to a single backhaul for delivery of mobile traffic to the RAN network controller. We provide standard Ethernet/IP or multiprotocol label switching (MPLS) interfaces and interoperate with other vendors in these networks. With mobile backhaul networks providing carriers with significant revenue growth in recent years, mobile backhaul has become one of the most important parts of their networks.   
    
  Our Ethernet switching products provide a high-performance and manageable solution that bridges the gap from carrier access technologies to the core network. Over the past ten years carriers have migrated access infrastructure to Ethernet from time-division multiplexing and asynchronous transfer mode systems. Our products can also be deployed in data centers, blurring the line between central office and data center. Our products support pure Ethernet switching as well as layer 3 IP and MPLS capabilities, and are currently being developed for interfacing with SDNs. 
    
  Our FiberLAN portfolio of POLAN products are designed for enterprise, campus, hospitality, and entertainment arena usage. Our FiberLAN portfolio includes our high-performance, high-bandwidth GPON OLTs connected to the industry s most diverse ONT product line, which include units with integrated Power over Ethernet (PoE) to power a wide range of devices such as our full range of WIFI access points (APs) and scalable WIFI AP controller. Our environmentally friendly FiberLAN POLAN solutions are one of the most cost effective LAN technologies that can be deployed, allowing network managers to deploy a future proof, low-maintenance, manageable solution that requires less space, air conditioning, copper and electricity than other alternatives.   
    
  Our SDN and network function virtualization (NFV) tools and building blocks to allow service providers to migrate their networks  full complement of legacy control plane and data plane devices to a centralized intelligent controller that can reconfigure the services of the hundreds of network elements in real time for more controlled and efficient provision of bandwidth and latency across the network. This move to SDN and NFV provides better service for end customers and a more efficient and cost-effective use of hardware resources for service providers. We leverage our broadband access, mobile backhaul and Ethernet switching expertise to extract and virtualize many of the traditional legacy control and data plane functions to allow them to be run from the cloud. The latest evolution of our hardware-based solution was designed to support SDN and NFV. 
    
  We have incurred significant losses to date and expect that our operating losses and negative cash flows from operations may continue. We incurred a net loss of   $3.0 million   for the year ended December 31, 2015 and a net loss of   $8.3 million   for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, which net losses have continued to reduce cash and cash equivalents. We  
  
   20 

     Table of Contents  

had an accumulated deficit of   $12.7 million   as of   September 30, 2016  . If we are unable to access or raise the capital needed to meet liquidity needs and finance capital expenditures and working capital, or if the economic, market and geopolitical conditions in the United States, Korea and the rest of the world deteriorate, we may experience material adverse impacts on our business, operating results and financial condition. We have continued our focus on cost control and operating efficiency along with restrictions on discretionary spending.  
  Going forward, our key financial objectives include the following: 
             
    Increasing revenue while continuing to carefully control costs; 
                
    Continued investments in strategic research and product development activities that will provide the maximum potential return on investment; and 
                
    Minimizing consumption of our cash and cash equivalents. 
      
  MERGER 
  On September 9, 2016, we acquired DNS through the merger of a wholly owned subsidiary of Zhone Technologies, Inc. with and into DNS, with DNS surviving as our wholly owned subsidiary (the Merger). In connection with the Merger, Zhone Technologies, Inc. changed its name to DASAN Zhone Solutions, Inc. Our common stock continues to be traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market, and our ticker symbol was changed from "ZHNE" to "DZSI" effective September 12, 2016. 
  At the effective time of the Merger, all issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of DNS held by its sole shareholder, DASAN Networks, Inc. (DASAN), were canceled and converted into the right to receive shares of our common stock in an amount equal to 58% of the issued and outstanding shares of our commons stock immediately following the Merger. Accordingly, at the effective time of the Merger, we issued 47,465,082 shares of our common stock to DASAN as consideration in the Merger, of which 4,746,508 shares are being held in escrow as security for claims for indemnifiable losses in accordance with the merger agreement relating to the Merger. As a result, immediately following the effective time of the Merger, DASAN held 58% of the outstanding shares of our common stock and the holders of our common stock immediately prior to the Merger retained, in the aggregate, 42% of the outstanding shares of our common stock.  
  See Note 2 to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements set forth in Part I, Item 1 of this report for additional information regarding the Merger. 

ITEMS AFFECTING COMPARABILITY OF OUR FINANCIAL RESULTS 
  As discussed in Note 1 to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements set forth in Part I, Item 1 of this report, the Merger has been accounted for as a reverse acquisition under which DNS was considered the accounting acquirer of Legacy Zhone. As such, our financial results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 presented in this Form 10-Q reflect the operating results of DNS and its consolidated subsidiaries only, for the period commencing on the first day of the applicable period through September 8, 2016, and includes the operating results of both DNS and Legacy Zhone and their respective consolidated subsidiaries for the period September 9 through September 30, 2016.  Such results are compared to the financial results of DNS and its consolidated subsidiaries for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015. Our balance sheet includes the fair value of the assets and liabilities of Legacy Zhone as of the effective date of the Merger. Those assets include the fair value of acquired intangible assets and goodwill.  Due to the foregoing, our financial results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 are not comparable to our financial results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015. The fourth quarter ending December 31, 2016 will be the first quarter in which our financial results reflect a full quarter of operating results for both DNS and Legacy Zhone and their respective consolidated subsidiaries.   

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 
  There have been no material changes to our critical accounting policies and estimates from the critical accounting policies and estimates of DNS set forth in the consolidated financial statements of DNS and the notes thereto and elsewhere in our Definitive Proxy Statement filed with the SEC on August 8, 2016.  

21 

Table of Contents  

EFFECT OF RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS 
  See Note 1 to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements set forth in Part I, Item 1 of this report for a full description of recent accounting pronouncements, including the expected dates of adoption and estimated effects on results of operations and financial condition, which is incorporated herein by reference. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
  We list in the table below the historical condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive loss data as a percentage of net revenue for the periods indicated. 

22 

     Table of Contents  

Net Revenue 
  Information about our net revenue for products and services for the three and   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and 2015 is summarized below (in millions): 

Information about our net revenue for North America and international markets for the three and   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and 2015 is summarized below (in millions): 

For the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , net revenue increased   42%   or   $9.6 million   to   $32.2 million   from   $22.6 million   for the same period last year.  For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, net revenue remained constant compared to the same period last year. For the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , product revenue increased   34%   or   $7.4 million   to   $29.0 million  , compared to   $21.6 million   for the same period last year.  For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, product revenue decreased   3%   or   $2.3 million   to   $86.6 million  , compared to   $88.9 million   for the same period last year. The increase in net revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was primarily related to the consummation of the Merger in September 2016 (which resulted in the inclusion of net revenue related to the Legacy Zhone business for 21 days of the current year quarter). The relatively flat net revenues for the nine months ended September 30 2016 compared to the prior year period was primarily attributable to decreased sales in the Korea, offset by the inclusion of net revenue related to the Legacy Zhone business for 21 days of the current year period.  
  Service revenue represents revenue from maintenance and other services associated with product shipments. For the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and 2015, service revenue increased   220%   or    $2.2 million    to   $3.2 million  , compared to   $1.0 million   for the same period last year. For the nine months ended September 30, 2015, service revenue increased by   52%   or   $2.3 million   to   $6.7 million  , compared to   $4.4 million   for the same period last year.  The increase in service revenue for the three and    nine months ended September 30, 2016   was primarily related to the consummation of the Merger in September 2016 (which resulted in the inclusion of service revenue related to the Legacy Zhone business for 21 days of the current year period), as well as an increase in sales of maintenance services.  
  International net revenue increased   29%   or   $6.4 million   to   $28.5 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   from   $22.1 million   for the same period last year, and represented   89%   of total net revenue compared with   98%   during the same period of 2015.  International net revenue decreased   4%    or   $3.6 million   to   $85.8 million   for the nine months  
  
   23 

     Table of Contents  

ended September 30, 2016 from   $89.4 million   for the same period last year, and represented   92%   of total net revenue compared with   96%   during the same period of 2015. The increase in international net revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was primarily related to the consummation of the Merger in September 2016 (which resulted in the inclusion of international net revenue related to the Legacy Zhone business for 21 days of the current year quarter). The decrease in international net revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the prior year period  was primarily due to decreased sales in Korea, partially offset by the inclusion of net revenue related to the Legacy Zhone business for 21 days of the current year period.  
  For the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and 2015,   three   customers represented   46%   and   63%   of net revenue, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,   three   customers represented   44%   and   56%   of net revenue, respectively. We anticipate that our results of operations in any given period may depend to a large extent on sales to a small number of large accounts. As a result, our revenue for any quarter may be subject to significant volatility based upon changes in orders from one or a small number of key customers. 
  Cost of Revenue and Gross Margin 
  Total cost of revenue, including stock-based compensation, increased   35%   or   $5.9 million   to   $22.7 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , compared to   $16.8 million   for the three months ended September 30, 2015. Total cost of revenue, including stock-based compensation slightly decreased   0.4%   or   $0.3 million   to   $69.0 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   $69.3 million   for the same period last year. The increase in total cost of revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was primarily due to the consummation of the Merger in September 2016 (which resulted in the inclusion of cost of revenue related to the Legacy Zhone business for 21 days of the current year period) as well as increased sales in the current year period. Gross margin slightly increased due to improved manufacturing efficiencies and product mix. 
  We expect that in the future our cost of revenue as a percentage of net revenue will vary depending on the mix and average selling prices of products sold. In addition, continued competitive and economic pressures could cause us to reduce our prices, adjust the carrying values of our inventory, or record inventory charges relating to discontinued products and excess or obsolete inventory. 
  Research and Product Development Expenses 
  Research and product development expenses increased   21%   or   $1.0 million   to   $5.9 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   $4.9 million   for the three months ended September 30, 2015. Research and product development expenses decreased   6%   or   $1.0 million   to   $15.6 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   $16.5 million   for the same period last year. The increase in research and product development expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was primarily due to the consummation of the Merger in September 2016 (which resulted in the inclusion of research and product development expenses related to the Legacy Zhone business for 21 days of the current year period. The decrease in research and product development expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was primarily due to a reduction in personnel-related expenses from lower headcount as compared to the same period last year, partially offset by the inclusion of research and product development expenses relating to the Legacy Zhone business in the current year period as a result of the consummation of the Merger in September 2016. We intend to continue to invest in research and product development to attain our strategic product development objectives while seeking to manage the associated costs through expense controls. 
  Selling and Administrative Expenses 
  Selling and administrative expenses increased   108%   or   $4.3 million   to   $8.2 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   $3.9 million   for the three months ended September 30, 2015, and increased   36%   or   $4.4 million   to   $16.9 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   $12.5 million   for the same period last year. The increases in selling administrative expenses were primarily due to the consummation of the Merger in September 2016 (which resulted in the inclusion of selling and administrative expenses related to Legacy Zhone business for 21 days of the current year period) and inclusion in the current year periods of   $3.5 million   in Merger-related costs. 
  Income Tax Provision 
  During the three and   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and 2015, no material provision or benefit for income taxes was recorded, due to our recurring operating losses and the significant uncertainty regarding the realization of our net deferred tax assets, against which we have continued to record a full valuation allowance. 

24 

Table of Contents  

OTHER PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
  In managing our business and assessing our financial performance, we supplement the information provided by our GAAP results with adjusted earnings before stock-based compensation, interest, taxes, and depreciation, or Adjusted EBITDA, a non-GAAP financial measure. We define Adjusted EBITDA as net income (loss) plus (i) interest expense, (ii) provision (benefit) for taxes, (iii) depreciation and amortization, (iv) Merger-related costs (v) non-cash equity-based compensation expense, and (vi) material non-recurring non-cash transactions, such as gain (loss) on sale of assets or impairment of fixed assets. We believe that the presentation of Adjusted EBITDA enhances the usefulness of our financial information by presenting a measure that management uses internally to monitor and evaluate our operating performance and to evaluate the effectiveness of our business strategies. We believe Adjusted EBITDA also assists investors and analysts in comparing our performance across reporting periods on a consistent basis because it excludes the impact of items that we do not believe reflect our core operating performance. 
  Adjusted EBITDA has limitations as an analytical tool. Some of these limitations are: 
             
    Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect our cash expenditures, or future requirements, for capital expenditures or contractual requirements; 
                
    Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, our working capital needs; 
                
    Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect the interest expense, or the cash requirements necessary to service interest or principal payments, on our debts; 
                
    although depreciation and amortization are non-cash charges, the assets being depreciated and amortized will often have to be replaced in the future, and Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect any cash requirements for such replacements; 
                
    non-cash compensation is and will remain a key element of our overall long-term incentive compensation package, although we exclude it as an expense when evaluating our ongoing operating performance for a particular period; and 
                
    other companies in our industry may calculate Adjusted EBITDA and similar measures differently than we do, limiting its usefulness as a comparative measure. 
     Because of these limitations, Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for net income (loss) or any other performance measures calculated in accordance with GAAP or as a measure of liquidity. Management understands these limitations and compensates for these limitations by relying primarily on our GAAP results and using Adjusted EBITDA only supplementally. 
  Set forth below is a reconciliation of net loss to Adjusted EBITDA, which we consider to be the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure to Adjusted EBITDA (in thousands): 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
  Our operations are financed through a combination of our existing cash, cash equivalents, available credit facilities, and sales of equity and debt instruments, based on our operating requirements and market conditions. 
  
   25 

     Table of Contents  

As of   September 30, 2016  , our cash and cash equivalents were   $34.4 million   compared to   $17.0 million   at December 31, 2015, which included    $10.0 million   from DNS and $7.0 million from Legacy Zhone. The   $17.4 million   increase in cash and cash equivalents was attributable to net cash provided by operating and financing activities of   $13.2 million   and   $3.5 million  , respectively, and effect of exchange rate changes on cash of   $1.6 million  , partially offset by net cash used in investing activities of   $0.9 million  .  
  Operating Activities 
  Net cash provided by operating activities for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   consisted of a net loss of   $8.3 million  , adjusted for non-cash charges totaling   $2.5 million   and an increase in net operating assets totaling   $19.0 million  . The most significant components of the changes in net operating assets were an increase in accounts receivable of   $11.9 million   offset by decreases in accounts payable and inventory of   $6.1 million   and   $2.8 million  , respectively, as well as the inclusion of net cash used in the operating activities of the Legacy Zhone business for 21 days of the current year period due to the consummation of the Merger in September 2016. The increase in accounts receivable was primarily the result of increased sales to several large customers in the third quarter of 2016 and timing of receivables collections during the current year period. The decrease in accounts payable was primarily due to timing of payments. The decrease in inventory was due to better utilization of inventory in the current year period.  
    
  Net cash used in operating activities for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015   consisted of a net loss of   $4.9 million  , adjusted for non-cash charges totaling   $0.7 million   and an increase in net operating assets totaling   $1.8 million  . The most significant components of the changes in net operating assets were an increase in accounts receivable of   $11.2 million   offset by a decrease of accounts payable of   $16.8 million  . The increase in accounts receivable was primarily due to the timing of receivables collections during the current year period. The decrease in accounts payable was primarily due to timing of payments.  
  Investing Activities 
  Net cash used in investing activities for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   consisted of cash used in restricted cash and short-term loans to others of   $1.4 million   each, offset by repayments of short-term loans to others of   $1.6 million  .  
  Net cash provided by investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 consisted of a cash used in restricted cash of   $2.5 million   offset by repayments of in long-term loans to others of   $0.6 million  . 
  Financing Activities 
  Net cash provided by financing activities for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   consisted of proceeds from long-term borrowings of   $6.8 million   offset by repayments of short-term borrowings of   $3.3 million  . 
  Net cash provided by financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 consisted of proceeds from short-term borrowings and proceeds from issuance of common stock of   $5.8 million   and   $1.6 million  , respectively, offset by decrease in capital surplus of   $3.0 million  .  
  Cash Management 
  Our primary source of liquidity comes from our cash and cash equivalents which totaled   $34.4 million   at   September 30, 2016  , as well as an aggregate of   $37.0 million   in revolving credit facilities as of September 30, 2016. 
    
  WFB Facility 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had a $25.0 million revolving line of credit and letter of credit facility with WFB. Under the WFB Facility, we have the option of borrowing funds at agreed upon interest rates. The amount that we are able to borrow under the WFB Facility varies based on eligible accounts receivable and inventory, as defined in the agreement, as long as the aggregate amount outstanding does not exceed $25.0 million less the amount committed as security for letters of credit. To maintain availability of funds under the WFB Facility, we pay a commitment fee on the unused portion. The commitment fee is 0.25% per annum and is recorded as interest expense.   
  We had no outstanding borrowings and   $3.8 million   committed as security for letters of credit under its WFB Facility at   September 30, 2016  . We had $  2.9 million   of borrowing availability remaining under the WFB Facility as of   September 30, 2016  . The maturity date under the WFB Facility is March 31, 2019. The amounts borrowed under the  
  
   26 

     Table of Contents  

WFB Facility bear interest, payable monthly, at a floating rate equal to the three-month LIBOR plus a margin based on our average excess availability (as calculated under the WFB Facility). The interest rate on the WFB Facility was   3.35%   at   September 30, 2016  . 
  Our obligations under the WFB Facility are secured by substantially all of our personal property assets and those of our subsidiaries that guarantee the WFB Facility, including our intellectual property. The WFB Facility contains certain financial covenants, and customary affirmative covenants and negative covenants. If we default under the WFB Facility due to a covenant breach or otherwise, WFB may be entitled to, among other things, require the immediate repayment of all outstanding amounts and sell our assets to satisfy the obligations under the WFB Facility. As of   September 30, 2016  , we were in compliance with these covenants. We make no assurances that we will be in compliance with these covenants in the future. 
  Bank and Trade Facilities - Foreign Operations 
  Certain of our foreign subsidiaries have entered into various financing arrangements with foreign banks and other lending institutions consisting primarily of revolving lines of credit, trade facilities, term loans and export development loans. These facilities are renewed on an annual basis and are generally secured by a security interest in certain assets of the applicable foreign subsidiaries. Payments under such facilities are made in accordance with the given lender s amortization schedules. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, we had an aggregate outstanding balance of   $20.1 million   and   $21.8 million  , respectively, under such financing arrangements, and the interest rate per annum applicable to outstanding borrowings under these financing arrangements as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 ranged from   1.66%   to   4.26%   and   2.04%   to   3.55%  , respectively.    
  Related Party Borrowings 
  In connection with the Merger, on September 9, 2016, we entered into a Loan Agreement with DASAN for a $5.0 million unsecured subordinated term loan facility. Under the Loan Agreement, we were permitted to request drawdowns of one or more term loans in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed $5.0 million. As of September 30, 2016, $5.0 million in term loans was outstanding under the facility. Such term loans mature in September 2021 and are pre-payable at any time by us without premium or penalty. The interest rate as of September 30, 2016 under this facility was 4.6% per annum. 
  In addition, DNS borrowed $1.8 million from DASAN for capital investment in February 2016, which amount was outstanding as of September 30, 2016. This loan matures in March 2017 with an option of renewal by mutual agreement, and bears interest at a rate of 6.9% per annum, payable annually. 
  Future Requirements and Funding Sources 
  Our fixed commitments for cash expenditures consist primarily of payments under operating leases, inventory purchase commitments, and payments of principal and interest for debt obligations. Our operating lease commitments include   $1.2 million   of future minimum lease payments spread over the three-year lease term under the lease agreement we entered into in September 2015 with respect to our Oakland, California campus. In February 2016, we entered into a ten-year lease beginning June 30, 2016 for a manufacturing facility in Seminole, Florida to replace our manufacturing facility in Largo, Florida, the lease for which was terminated on June 30, 2016. Accordingly, our operating lease commitments also include   $5.7 million   of future minimum lease payments under the lease agreement for our manufacturing facility in Seminole, Florida. As of September 30, 2016, we had received the full $1.2 million of the non-refundable tenant improvement allowance related to the Seminole manufacturing facility. The remaining operating lease commitments relate to our various other offices and facilities around the world. 
  From time to time, we may provide or commit to extend credit or credit support to our customers. This financing may include extending the terms for product payments to customers.  Any extension of financing to our customers will limit the capital that we have available for other uses. 
  Our accounts receivable, while not considered a primary source of liquidity, represent a concentration of credit risk because a significant portion of the accounts receivable balance at any point in time typically consists of a relatively small number of customer account balances. As of   September 30, 2016  , three customers accounted for   37%   of net accounts receivable and receivables from customers in countries other than the United States represented   80%   of net accounts receivable. We do not currently have any material commitments for capital expenditures, or any other material commitments aside from operating leases for our facilities, inventory purchase commitments and debt. 

27 

     Table of Contents  

We have incurred significant losses to date and expect that our operating losses and negative cash flows from operations may continue. We incurred a net loss of   $3.0 million   for the year ended December 31, 2015 and a net loss of   $8.3 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , which net losses have continued to reduce cash and cash equivalents. We had an accumulated deficit of   $12.7 million   at   September 30, 2016  . In order to meet our liquidity needs and finance our capital expenditures and working capital needs for our business, we may be required to sell assets, issue debt or equity securities, purchase credit insurance or borrow on potentially unfavorable terms. In addition, we may be required to reduce our operations in low margin regions, including reductions in headcount.  We may be unable to sell assets, issue securities or access additional indebtedness to meet these needs on favorable terms, or at all. If additional capital is raised through the issuance of debt securities or other debt financing, the terms of such debt may include covenants, restrictions and financial ratios that may restrict our ability to operate our business. Likewise, any equity financing could result in additional dilution of our stockholders. If we are unable to obtain additional capital or are required to obtain additional capital on terms that are not favorable to us, we may be required to reduce the scope of our planned product development and sales and marketing efforts beyond the reductions we have previously taken. Based on our current plans and business conditions, we believe that our focused operating expense discipline along with our existing cash, cash equivalents and available credit facilities will be sufficient to satisfy our anticipated cash requirements for at least the next twelve months. 
  Contractual Commitments and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
  The contractual commitments discussed in  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Commitments and Contractual Obligations  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 have changed significantly due to the consummation of the Merger on September 9, 2016; see Note 2 to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements set forth in Part I, Item 1 of this report for additional information regarding the Merger. 
  At   September 30, 2016  , our future contractual commitments by fiscal year were as follows (in thousands):   

Operating Leases 
  The operating lease amounts shown above represent primarily off-balance sheet arrangements. For operating lease commitments, a liability is generally not recorded on our balance sheet unless the facility represents an excess facility for which an estimate of the facility exit costs has been recorded on our balance sheet, net of estimated sublease income. For operating leases that include contractual commitments for operating expenses and maintenance, estimates of such amounts are included based on current rates. Payments made under operating leases will be treated as rent expense for the facilities currently being utilized. 
  Purchase Commitments 
  The purchase commitments shown above represent non-cancellable inventory purchase commitments as of   September 30, 2016  . 
  Lines of Credit 
  The lines of credit obligations have been recorded as liabilities on our balance sheet, and comprise $5.7 million in outstanding borrowings under the trade facilities of our foreign subsidiaries. The lines of credit obligation amount shown above represents scheduled principal repayments, but not the associated interest payments which may vary based on changes in market interest rates. At   September 30, 2016  , the interest rate per annum applicable to outstanding borrowings under the trade facilities of our foreign subsidiaries ranged from 1.66% to 2.38%. 
  
   28 

     Table of Contents  

See above under  Cash Management  for further information about these facilities. 
  Related Party Debt 
  As of September 30, 2016, we had borrowed $6.8 million from DASAN, of which $5.0 million and $1.8 million mature in September 2021 and March 2017, respectively, and the interest rate per annum applicable to these borrowings was 4.6% and 6.9%, respectively. 
  See above under  Cash Management  for further information about our related party borrowings. 

Item 3.    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
    
  Concentration of Credit Risk 
  Financial instruments which potentially subject us to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents, and accounts receivable. Cash and cash equivalents consist principally of demand deposit and money market accounts. Cash and cash equivalents are principally held with various domestic financial institutions with high credit standing. We perform ongoing credit evaluations of our customers and generally do not require collateral. Allowances are maintained for potential doubtful accounts.  
    
  We anticipate that our results of operations in any given period may depend to a large extent on sales to a small number of large accounts. As a result, our revenue for any quarter may be subject to significant volatility based upon changes in orders from one or a small number of key customers. 
  For the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015,   three   customers represented   46%   and   63%   of net revenue, respectively. For the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and 2015,   three   customers represented   44%   and   56%   of net revenue, respectively.  
  As of   September 30, 2016   and December 31, 2015, three customers accounted for   37%   of net accounts receivable. 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , and December 31, 2015, receivables from customers in countries other than the United States represented   80%   and   93%  , respectively, of net accounts receivable. 
  Interest Rate Risk 
  Our exposure to market risk for changes in interest rates relates primarily to our outstanding debt. As of   September 30, 2016  , our outstanding debt balance was   $21.9 million  . Amounts borrowed under the short-term debt bear interest ranging from 1.66% to 4.26% as of   September 30, 2016  . Assuming the outstanding balance on our variable rate debt remains constant over a year, a 2% increase in the interest rate would decrease pre-tax income and cash flow by approximately $0.4 million. 
  Foreign Currency Risk 
  We transact business in various foreign countries, and a significant portion of our assets is located in Korea. We have sales operations throughout Europe, Asia, the Middle East and Latin America. We are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk associated with foreign currency denominated assets and liabilities, primarily intercompany receivables and payables. Accordingly, our operating results are exposed to changes in exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and those currencies. During the first nine months of 2016 and during 2015, we did not hedge any of our foreign currency exposure. 
  We have performed sensitivity analyses as of   September 30, 2016   using a modeling technique that measures the impact on the balance sheet arising from a hypothetical 10% adverse movement in the levels of foreign currency exchange rates relative to the U.S. dollar, with all other variables held constant. The sensitivity analyses indicated that a hypothetical 10% adverse movement in foreign currency exchange rates would result in a foreign exchange loss of $0.3 million at   September 30, 2016  . This sensitivity analysis assumes a parallel adverse shift in foreign currency exchange rates, which do not always move in the same direction. Actual results may differ materially. 

29 

Table of Contents  

Item 4.    Controls and Procedures 
    
  Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
  We conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. The controls evaluation was done under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our Co-Chief Executive Officers and our Chief Financial Officer. Based upon this evaluation, our Co-Chief Executive Officers and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, subject to the limitations noted in this Part I, Item 4, as of the end of the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective except for, those pertaining to DNS, to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in our reports under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified by the SEC, and that material information relating to DASAN Zhone and its consolidated subsidiaries is made known to management, including our Co-Chief Executive Officers and Chief Financial Officer, particularly during the period when our periodic reports are being prepared.        
  On September 9, 2016, the acquisition of DNS through the Merger was completed. Management has begun the evaluation of the internal control structures of DNS and its consolidated subsidiaries. However, SEC guidance permits management to omit an assessment of an acquired business  internal control over financial reporting from management s assessments of internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures for a period not to exceed one year from the date of the acquisition. Accordingly, we excluded DNS and its consolidated subsidiaries from our evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2016. As of September 30, 2016, total assets related to DNS and its consolidated subsidiaries represented approximately 58% of our total assets, which consisted primarily of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, net and inventories.  Net revenues from DNS and its consolidated subsidiaries comprised approximately 82% and 94% of our consolidated net revenues for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively.     
  Although we excluded DNS and its consolidated subsidiaries from our evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2016, in connection with the preparation and external audit of DNS  consolidated financial statements as of and for the three years ended December 31, 2015 and the preparation and review of DNS  unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements as of and for the three months ended March 31, 2016, DNS and its independent auditors noted two material weaknesses in DNS  internal control over financial reporting. The material weaknesses that were identified were (a) lack of resources that are knowledgeable about U.S. GAAP and SEC reporting matters to allow the company to prepare the required filings on an accurate and timely basis as a U.S. domestic registrant and (b) lack of knowledge and experience in preparing financial statements under U.S. GAAP and that comply with SEC reporting matters on a timely and accurate basis as a U.S. domestic registrant. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the registrant s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis.     
  We are currently determining a plan for remediation of the material weaknesses described above, and in connection therewith anticipate that we will hire additional accounting personnel with relevant skills, training and experience, and conduct further training of accounting and finance personnel. In addition, in November 2016 we hired a new Vice President of Finance and Corporate Controller. 
  Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
  Except as described above, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during our last fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Merger-related integration activities may lead us to modify certain internal controls in future periods. 
  
   30 

     Table of Contents  

Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls 
  Our management, including our Co-Chief Executive Officers and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system s objectives will be met. The design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Further, because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Controls can also be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls is based in part on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Projections of any evaluation of controls effectiveness to future periods are subject to risks. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or deterioration in the degree of compliance with policies or procedures. 
  
   31 

Table of Contents  

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1.    Legal Proceedings 
    
  We are subject to various legal proceedings, claims and litigation arising in the ordinary course of business. While the outcome of these matters is currently not determinable, we do not expect that the ultimate costs to resolve these matters will have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position or results of operations. However, litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties, and unfavorable rulings could occur. If an unfavorable ruling were to occur, there exists the possibility of a material adverse impact on the results of operations of the period in which the ruling occurs, or future periods. 

Item 1A.  Risk Factors 
    
  In addition to the other information set forth in this report, you should carefully consider the factors discussed below, which we are including in this report as a result of the consummation of the Merger on September 9, 2016, and which replace and supersede the risk factors previously described in Part 1, Item 1A,  Risk Factors  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. The risks described below and elsewhere in this report are  not the only risks facing our company. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our businesses, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. 
    
  The integration of Legacy Zhone and DNS may not be completed successfully, cost-effectively or on a timely basis, and we may not realize the full benefits of the Merger. 
  Our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of the Merger will depend, to a large extent, on our ability to successfully integrate the Legacy Zhone and DNS businesses. Integrating and coordinating certain aspects of the operations and personnel of the two businesses and managing the expansion in the scope of our operations and financial systems involves complex operational, technological and personnel-related challenges. Our management will be required to devote a significant amount of time and attention to the process of integrating the Legacy Zhone operations with those of DNS. The potential difficulties, and resulting costs and delays, relating to the integration of the Legacy Zhone and DNS businesses include, among others: 
     the diversion of management s attention from day-to-day operations; 
     the management of a significantly larger company than before the Merger; 
     the assimilation of DNS employees and the integration of the two business cultures; 
     challenges in attracting and retaining key personnel; 
     the need to integrate information, accounting, finance, sales, billing, payroll and regulatory compliance systems; 
     challenges in keeping existing customers and obtaining new customers; and 
     challenges in combining product offerings and sales and marketing activities. 
  There is no assurance that we will successfully or cost-effectively integrate the Legacy Zhone and DNS operations. The costs of achieving systems integration may substantially exceed our current estimates. As a non-public company prior to the Merger, DNS did not have to comply with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, for internal control over financial reporting and other procedures. Accordingly, neither DNS nor its independent auditors undertook a formal assessment or audit of DNS  internal control over financial reporting prior to the Merger. However, in connection with the preparation and external audit of DNS  consolidated financial statements as of and for the three years ended December 31, 2015 and the preparation and review of DNS  unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements as of and for the three months ended March 31, 2016, DNS and its independent auditors noted two material weaknesses in DNS  internal control over financial reporting. The material weaknesses that were identified were (a) lack of resources that are knowledgeable about U.S. GAAP and SEC reporting matters to allow the company to prepare the required filings on an accurate and timely basis as a U.S. domestic registrant, and (b) lack of knowledge and experience in preparing financial statements under U.S. GAAP and that comply with SEC reporting matters on a timely and accurate basis as a U.S. domestic registrant. Bringing the legacy systems for the DNS business into compliance with requirements under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may cause us to incur substantial additional expense. If we are unable to implement and maintain an effective system of internal controls, the existence of one or more internal control deficiencies could result in errors in our financial statements, and substantial costs and resources may be required to rectify internal  
  
   32 

     Table of Contents  

control deficiencies. If we cannot produce reliable financial reports, investors could lose confidence in our reported financial information, the market price of our stock could decline significantly, we may be unable to obtain additional financing to operate and expand our business, and our business and financial condition could be materially harmed. In addition, the integration process may cause an interruption of, or loss of momentum in, the activities of our business. If our management is not able to effectively manage the integration process, or if any significant business activities are interrupted as a result of the integration process, our business could suffer and its results of operations and financial condition may be harmed. 
  Even if the businesses of Legacy Zhone and DNS are successfully integrated, we may not realize the full benefits of the Merger, including anticipated cost synergies, growth opportunities and other financial and operating benefits, within the expected timeframe or at all. In addition, we expect to incur significant integration and restructuring expenses to realize synergies. However, many of the expenses that will be incurred are, by their nature, difficult to estimate accurately. These expenses could, particularly in the near term, exceed the savings that we expect to achieve from elimination of duplicative expenses and the realization of economies of scale and cost savings. Although we expect that the realization of efficiencies related to the integration of the businesses may offset incremental transaction, Merger-related and restructuring costs over time, we cannot give any assurance that this net benefit will be achieved in the near term, or at all. Any of these matters could adversely affect our businesses or harm our financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
  Our future operating results are difficult to predict and our stock price may continue to be volatile. 
  As a result of a variety of factors discussed in this report, our revenues for a particular quarter are difficult to predict. Our revenue and operating results may vary significantly from quarter to quarter due to a number of factors, many of which are outside of our control. The primary factors that may affect our results of operations include the following: 
             
    commercial acceptance of our products and services; 
                
    fluctuations in demand for network access products; 
                
    the timing and size of orders from customers; 
                
    the ability of our customers to finance their purchase of our products as well as their own operations; 
                
    new product introductions, enhancements or announcements by our competitors; 
                
    our ability to develop, introduce and ship new products and product enhancements that meet customer requirements in a timely manner; 
                
    changes in our pricing policies or the pricing policies of our competitors; 
                
    the ability of our company and our contract manufacturers to attain and maintain production volumes and quality levels for our products; 
                
    our ability to obtain sufficient supplies of sole or limited source components; 
                
    increases in the prices of the components we purchase, or quality problems associated with these components; 
                
    unanticipated changes in regulatory requirements which may require us to redesign portions of our products; 
                
    changes in accounting rules, such as recording expenses for employee stock option grants; 
                
    integrating and operating any acquired businesses; 
                
    our ability to achieve targeted cost reductions; 
                
    how well we execute on our strategy and operating plans; and 
                
    general economic conditions as well as those specific to the communications, internet and related industries. 
     Any of the foregoing factors, or any other factors discussed elsewhere herein, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition that could adversely affect our stock price. We anticipate that our stock price and trading volume may continue to be volatile in the future, whether due to the factors described above, volatility in public stock markets generally (particularly in the technology sector) or otherwise.  
  
   33 

     Table of Contents  

Our common stock may be delisted from The Nasdaq Capital Market, which could negatively impact the price of our common stock and our ability to access the capital markets.  
  On September 12, 2016, we received a staff delisting determination letter from The Nasdaq Stock Market (Nasdaq) notifying us that, because we did not satisfy Nasdaq s initial listing standard requiring a minimum bid price of $4 per share (or a minimum closing price of $3 per share for five consecutive trading days or $2 per share for 90 consecutive trading days) at the closing of the Merger, our common stock would be subject to delisting unless we timely requested a hearing before a Nasdaq Hearings Panel (the Panel). We timely requested a hearing before the Panel with respect to the staff s delisting determination letter, which was held on November 3, 2016. At the hearing, we presented our plan to gain compliance with the initial listing minimum bid or closing price requirement, including via the implementation of a reverse stock split if necessary.  On November 8, 2016, Nasdaq notified us that the Panel had granted our request for continued listing on Nasdaq, subject to us evidencing compliance with the initial listing minimum bid or closing price requirement by March 13, 2017. The compliance period granted by the Panel through March 13, 2017 is subject to us filing a preliminary proxy statement and a definitive proxy statement seeking stockholder approval of a reverse stock split with the SEC by January 31, 2017 and February 13, 2017, respectively. Although we intend to comply with the conditions set forth in the Panel s determination, there can be no assurance that we will be successful in regaining compliance by the March 13, 2017 deadline, in which event the Panel will issue a final determination to delist and suspend trading of our shares on Nasdaq. Delisting from the Nasdaq Capital Market could have a material adverse effect on our business and on the trading of our common stock. 
  We have experienced significant losses and we may incur losses in the future. If we fail to generate sufficient revenue to sustain our profitability, our stock price could decline. 
  We have incurred significant losses to date and expect that our operating losses and negative cash flows from operations may continue. Our net loss was $8.3 million and $3.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and year ended December 31, 2015, respectively, and we had an accumulated deficit of $12.7 million at September 30, 2016. We have significant fixed expenses and expect that we will continue to incur substantial manufacturing, research and product development, sales and marketing, customer support, administrative and other expenses in connection with the ongoing development of our business. In addition, we may be required to spend more on research and product development than originally budgeted to respond to industry trends. We may also incur significant new costs related to acquisitions and the integration of new technologies and other acquisitions that may occur in the future. We may not be able to adequately control costs and expenses or achieve or maintain adequate operating margins. As a result, our ability to sustain profitability in future periods will depend on our ability to generate and sustain higher revenue while maintaining reasonable cost and expense levels. If we fail to generate sufficient revenue to sustain profitability in future periods, we may continue to incur operating losses, which could be substantial, and our stock price could decline. 
  Our level of indebtedness could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition.  
  We have a significant amount of indebtedness.  As of September 30, 2016, the aggregate principal amount of our total outstanding indebtedness was   $26.9 million  , which comprised   $20.1 million   in short-term borrowings under various financing arrangements of our foreign subsidiaries and $6.8 million in related party borrowings. We may incur additional indebtedness in the future, including additional borrowings under the WFB Facility. The level of indebtedness could have important consequences and could materially and adversely affect us in a number of ways, including: 
     limiting our ability to obtain additional financing in the future for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or general corporate purposes; 
     limiting our flexibility to plan for, or react to, changes in our business or market conditions; 
     requiring us to use a significant portion of any future cash flow from operations to repay or service the debt, thereby reducing the amount of cash available for other purposes; 
     making us more highly leveraged than some of our competitors, which may place us at a competitive disadvantage; and 
     making us more vulnerable to the impact of adverse economic and industry conditions and increases in interest rates. 
  The WFB Facility and the instruments governing our other indebtedness include covenants (including, in the case of the WFB Facility, financial ratios) that may restrict our ability to operate our business. These covenants restrict, among other matters, our ability to incur additional indebtedness, grant liens, sell or dispose of assets, make loans and investments, pay  
  
   34 

     Table of Contents  

dividends, redeem or repurchase capital stock, enter into affiliate transactions and consolidate or merger with, or sell substantially all of our assets to, another person. If we default under the WFB Facility or other instrument governing our other indebtedness because of a covenant breach or otherwise, all amounts outstanding thereunder could become immediately due and payable. In addition, WFB may be entitled to, among other things, sell our assets to satisfy the obligations under the WFB Facility. In the past we have violated the covenants in our former revolving line of credit and letter of credit facility and received waivers for these violations. We were in compliance with our covenants under our WFB Facility as of September 30, 2016. We cannot assure you that we will be able to comply with our financial or other covenants in the future or that any covenant violations will be waived in the future. Any acceleration of amounts due could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity and financial condition.   
  We cannot assure you that we will be able to generate cash flow in amounts sufficient to enable us to service our debt or to meet our working capital and capital expenditure requirements. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow from operations or to borrow sufficient funds to service our debt, due to borrowing base restrictions or otherwise, we may be required to sell assets, reduce capital expenditures, purchase credit insurance or obtain additional financing. We cannot assure you that we will be able to engage in any of these actions on reasonable terms, if at all. 
  If we are unable to obtain additional capital to fund our existing and future operations, we may be required to reduce the scope of our planned product development, and marketing and sales efforts, which would harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
  The development and marketing of new products, and the expansion of our direct sales operations and associated support personnel requires a significant commitment of resources. We may incur significant losses or expend significant amounts of capital if: 
     the market for our products develops more slowly than anticipated; 
     we fail to establish market share or generate revenue at anticipated levels; 
     our capital expenditure forecasts change or prove inaccurate; or 
     we fail to respond to unforeseen challenges or take advantage of unanticipated opportunities. 
  As a result, we may need to raise substantial additional capital. Additional capital, if required, may not be available on acceptable terms, or at all.  If additional capital is raised through the issuance of debt securities or other debt financing, the terms of such debt may include covenants, restrictions and financial ratios that may restrict our ability to operate our business. In addition, volatility in our stock price may make it more difficult or costly for us to raise capital through the issuance of common stock, preferred stock or other equity securities. If we elect to raise equity capital, this may be dilutive to existing stockholders and could reduce the trading price of our common stock. If we are unable to obtain additional capital or are required to obtain additional capital on terms that are not favorable to us, we may be required to reduce the scope of our planned product development and sales and marketing efforts beyond the reductions that we have previously taken, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
  Our lack of liquid funds and other sources of financing may limit our ability to maintain our existing operations, grow our business and compete effectively. 
  As of September 30, 2016, we had approximately   $34.4 million   in cash and cash equivalents and   $26.9 million   in aggregate principal amount outstanding under our debt facilities and other financing arrangements.  Our current lack of liquidity could harm us by: 
     increasing our vulnerability to adverse economic conditions in our industry or the economy in general; 
     requiring substantial amounts of cash to be used for debt servicing, rather than other purposes, including operations; 
     limiting our ability to plan for, or react to, changes in our business and industry; and 
     influencing investor and customer perceptions about our financial stability and limiting our ability to obtain financing or acquire customers. 
  In order to meet our liquidity needs and finance our capital expenditures and working capital needs for our business, we may be required to sell assets, issue debt or equity securities, purchase credit insurance, or borrow on potentially unfavorable terms. In addition, we may be required to reduce our operations in low margin regions, including reductions in headcount. We may be unable to sell assets, access additional indebtedness or undertake other actions to meet these needs.  
  
   35 

     Table of Contents  

As a result, we may become unable to pay our ordinary expenses, including our debt service, on a timely basis. If additional capital is raised through the issuance of debt securities or other debt financing, the terms of such debt may include covenants, restrictions and financial ratios that may restrict our ability to operate our business. Likewise, any equity financing could result in additional dilution of our stockholders.  If we are unable to sell assets, issue securities or access additional indebtedness to meet these needs on favorable terms, or at all, we may become unable to pay our ordinary expenses, including our debt service, on a timely basis and may be required to reduce the scope of our planned product development and sales and marketing efforts beyond the reductions we have previously taken. In addition, we may not be able to fund our business expansion, take advantage of future opportunities, or respond to competitive pressures or unanticipated capital requirements, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.  
  Our business and future operating results are subject to global economic and market conditions. 
  Market turbulence and weak economic conditions, as well as concerns about energy costs, geopolitical issues, the availability and cost of credit, business and consumer confidence, and unemployment could impact our business in a number of ways, including: 
    
  Potential deferment of purchases and orders by customers  : Uncertainty about global economic conditions may cause consumers, businesses and governments to defer purchases in response to flat revenue budgets, tighter credit, decreased cash availability and weak consumer confidence. Accordingly, future demand for our products could differ materially from our current expectations. 
    
  Customers  inability to obtain financing to make purchases from us and/or maintain their business:   Some of our customers require substantial financing in order to finance their business operations, including capital expenditures on new equipment and equipment upgrades, and make purchases from us. The potential inability of these customers to access the capital needed to finance purchases of our products and meet their payment obligations to us could adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. To sell to some of these customers, we may be required to assume incremental risks of uncollectible accounts or to extend credit or credit support. While we monitor these situations carefully and attempt to take appropriate measures to protect ourselves, including factoring credit arrangements to financial institutions, it is possible that we may have to defer revenue until cash is collected or write-down or write-off uncollectible accounts. Such write-downs or write-offs, if large, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. If our customers become insolvent due to market and economic conditions or otherwise, it could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.   
    
  Negative impact from increased financial pressures on third-party dealers, distributors and retailers  : We make sales in certain regions through third-party dealers, distributors and retailers. These third parties may be impacted, among other things, by a significant decrease in available credit. If credit pressures or other financial difficulties result in insolvency for these third parties and we are unable to successfully transition end customers to purchase our products from other third parties, or from us directly, it could adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. 
    
  Negative impact from increased financial pressures on key suppliers:   Our ability to meet customers  demands depends, in part, on our ability to obtain timely and adequate delivery of quality materials, parts and components from our suppliers. Certain of our components are available only from a single source or limited sources. If certain key suppliers were to become capacity constrained or insolvent, it could result in a reduction or interruption in supplies or a significant increase in the price of supplies and adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, credit constraints of key suppliers could result in accelerated payment of accounts payable by Zhone, impacting our cash flow. 
  We may experience material adverse impacts on our business, operating results and financial condition as a result of weak or recessionary economic or market conditions in the United States, Korea or the rest of the world. 
  If demand for our products and solutions does not develop as we anticipate, then our results of operations and financial condition will be adversely affected. 
  Our future revenue depends significantly on our ability to successfully develop, enhance and market our products and solutions to our target markets. Most network service providers have made substantial investments in their current infrastructure, and they may elect to remain with their current architectures or to adopt new architectures  in limited stages or over extended periods of time. A decision by a customer to purchase our products will involve a significant capital investment. We must convince our service provider customers that they will achieve substantial benefits by deploying our products for future upgrades or expansions. We may experience difficulties with product reliability, partnering, and sales and marketing efforts that could adversely affect our business and divert management attention and resources from our  
  
   36 

     Table of Contents  

core business. We do not know whether a viable market for our products and solutions will develop or be sustainable in our businesses. If these markets do not develop or develop more slowly than we expect, our business, financial condition and results of operations will be seriously harmed. 
  We depend upon the development of new products and enhancements to existing products, and if we fail to predict and respond to emerging technological trends and customers  changing needs, our operating results and market share may suffer. 
  The markets for our products are characterized by rapidly changing technology, evolving industry standards, changes in end-user requirements, frequent new product introductions and changes in communications offerings from network service provider customers. Our future success depends on our ability to anticipate or adapt to such changes and to offer, on a timely and cost-effective basis, products that meet changing customer demands and industry standards. We may not have sufficient resources to successfully and accurately anticipate customers  changing needs and technological trends, manage long development cycles or develop, introduce and market new products and enhancements. The process of developing new technology is complex and uncertain, and if we fail to develop new products or enhancements to existing products on a timely and cost-effective basis, or if our new products or enhancements fail to achieve market acceptance, our business, financial condition and results of operations would be materially adversely affected. 
  Because our products are complex and are deployed in complex environments, our products may have defects that we discover only after full deployment by our customers, which could seriously harm our business. 
  We produce highly complex products that incorporate leading-edge technology, including both hardware and software. Software typically contains defects or programming flaws that can unexpectedly interfere with expected operations. In addition, our products are complex and are designed to be deployed in large quantities across complex networks. Because of the nature of these products, they can only be fully tested when completely deployed in large networks with high amounts of traffic, and there is no assurance that our pre-shipment testing programs will be adequate to detect all defects. As a result, our customers may discover errors or defects in our hardware or software, or our products may not operate as expected, after they have been fully deployed by our customers. If we are unable to cure a product defect, we could experience damage to our reputation, reduced customer satisfaction, loss of existing customers and failure to attract new customers, failure to achieve market acceptance, reduced sales opportunities, loss of revenue and market share, increased service and warranty costs, diversion of development resources, legal actions by our customers, and increased insurance costs. Defects, integration issues or other performance problems in our products could also result in financial or other damages to our customers. Our customers could seek damages for related losses from us, which could seriously harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. A product liability claim brought against us, even if unsuccessful, would likely be time consuming and costly. The occurrence of any of these problems would seriously harm our business, financial condition and results of operations.   
    
  Due to the international nature of our business, political or economic changes or other factors in a specific country or region could harm our future revenue, costs and expenses and financial condition. 
  We currently have significant operations in Korea, as well sales and technical support teams in various locations around the world. Many of our international sales may be denominated in foreign currencies. Because we do not currently engage in material foreign currency hedging transactions related to international sales, a decrease in the value of foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar could result in losses from transactions denominated in foreign currencies.We expect to continue expanding our international operations in the future. The successful management and expansion of our international operations requires significant human effort and the commitment of substantial financial resources. Further, our international operations may be subject to certain risks and challenges that could harm our operating results, including: 
     unexpected changes in laws, policies and regulatory requirements, including but not limited to regulations related to import-export control; 
     trade protection measures, tariffs, embargoes and other regulatory requirements which may affect our ability to import or export our products into or from various countries; 
     political considerations that affect service provider and government spending patterns; 
     differing technology standards or customer requirements; 
     developing and customizing our products for foreign countries; 
     fluctuations in currency exchange rates, foreign exchange controls and restrictions on cash repatriation; 
     longer accounts receivable collection cycles and financial instability of customers; 
  
   37 

     Table of Contents  

requirements for additional liquidity to fund our international operations; 
     difficulties and excessive costs for staffing and managing foreign operations; 
     ineffective legal protection of our intellectual property rights in certain countries; 
     potentially adverse tax consequences; and 
     changes in a country s or region s political and economic conditions. 
  In addition, some of our customer purchase agreements are governed by foreign laws, which may differ significantly from U.S. laws. We may be limited in our ability to enforce our rights under these agreements and to collect damages, if awarded. Any of these factors could harm our existing international operations and business or impair our ability to continue expanding into international markets. 
  We are subject to Korean foreign currency exchange rate risk. 
  We conduct significant business in Korea, which subjects us to foreign currency exchange rate risk.  Currently, we do not hold or issue foreign currency forward contracts, option contracts or other derivative financial instruments to mitigate the currency exchange rate risk.  Our results of operations and our cash flows could be impacted by changes in foreign currency exchange rates. 
  A shortage of adequate component supply or manufacturing capacity could increase our costs or cause a delay in our ability to fulfill orders, and our failure to estimate customer demand properly may result in excess or obsolete component inventories that could adversely affect our gross margins. 
  Occasionally, we may experience a supply shortage, or a delay in receiving, certain component parts as a result of strong demand for the component parts and/or capacity constraints or other problems experienced by suppliers. If shortages or delays persist, the price of these components may increase, or the components may not be available at all, and we may also encounter shortages if we do not accurately anticipate our needs. Conversely, we may not be able to secure enough components at reasonable prices or of acceptable quality to build new products in a timely manner in the quantities or configurations needed. Accordingly, our revenue and gross margins could suffer until other sources can be developed. Our operating results would also be adversely affected if, anticipating greater demand than actually develops, we commit to the purchase of more components than we need. Furthermore, as a result of binding price or purchase commitments with suppliers, we may be obligated to purchase components at prices that are higher than those available in the current market. In the event that we become committed to purchase components at prices in excess of the current market price when the components are actually used, our gross margins could decrease. In the past we experienced component shortages that adversely affected our financial results and in the future may continue to experience component shortages. 
  We rely on contract manufacturers for a portion of our manufacturing requirements. 
  We rely on contract manufacturers to perform a portion of the manufacturing operations for our products. These contract manufacturers build product for other companies, including our competitors. In addition, we do not have contracts in place with some of these providers and may not be able to effectively manage those relationships. We cannot be certain that our contract manufacturers will be able to fill our orders in a timely manner. We face a number of risks associated with this dependence on contract manufacturers including reduced control over delivery schedules, the potential lack of adequate capacity during periods of excess demand, poor manufacturing yields and high costs, quality assurance, increases in prices, and the potential misappropriation of our intellectual property. We have experienced in the past, and may experience in the future, problems with our contract manufacturers, such as inferior quality, insufficient quantities and late delivery of products. 
  We depend on a limited source of suppliers for several key components. If we are unable to obtain these components on a timely basis, we will be unable to meet our customers  product delivery requirements, which would harm our business. 
  We currently purchase several key components from a limited number of suppliers. If any of our limited source of suppliers become insolvent, cease business or experience capacity constraints, work stoppages or any other reduction or disruption in output, they may be unable to meet our delivery schedules. Our suppliers may enter into exclusive arrangements with our competitors, be acquired by our competitors, stop selling their products or components to us at commercially reasonable prices, refuse to sell their products or components to us at any price or be unable to obtain or have difficulty obtaining components for their products from their suppliers. If we do not receive critical components from our limited source of suppliers in a timely manner, we will be unable to meet our customers  product delivery  
  
   38 

     Table of Contents  

requirements. Any failure to meet a customer s delivery requirements could materially adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition and could materially damage customer relationships. 
  Our target customer base is concentrated, and the loss of one or more of our customers could harm our business. 
  The target customers for our products are network service providers that operate voice, data and video communications networks. There are a limited number of potential customers in our target market.  For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and year ended December 31, 2015,   three   customers represented   46%   and   63%   of net revenue, respectively.  We expect that a significant portion of our future revenue will depend on sales of our products to a limited number of customers. As a result, our revenue for any quarter may be subject to significant volatility based on changes in orders from one or a small number of key customers. Any failure of one or more customers to purchase products from us for any reason, including any downturn in their businesses, would seriously harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
  Industry consolidation may lead to increased competition and may harm our operating results. 
  There has been a trend toward industry consolidation in the communications equipment market for several years. We expect this trend to continue as companies attempt to strengthen or hold their market positions in an evolving industry and as companies are acquired or are unable to continue operations. We believe that industry consolidation may result in stronger competitors that are better able to compete as sole-source vendors for customers. This could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, rapid consolidation could result in a decrease in the number of customers we serve. Loss of a major customer could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
  The market we serve is highly competitive and we may not be able to compete successfully. 
  Competition in the communications equipment market is intense. This market is characterized by rapid change, converging technologies and a migration to networking solutions that offer superior advantages. We are aware of many companies in related markets that address particular aspects of the features and functions that our products provide. Currently, our primary competitors in our core business include Alcatel-Lucent, Calix, Adtran, Huawei, and ZTE, among others. In our FiberLAN business, our competitors include Tellabs and Cisco. We also may face competition from other large communications equipment companies or other companies that may enter our market in the future. In addition, a number of companies have introduced products that address the same network needs that our products address, both domestically and abroad. Many of our competitors have longer operating histories, greater name recognition, larger customer bases and greater financial, technical, sales and marketing resources than we do and may be able to undertake more extensive marketing efforts, adopt more aggressive pricing policies and provide more customer financing than we can. In particular, we are encountering price-focused competitors from Asia, especially China, which places pressure on us to reduce our prices. If we are forced to reduce prices in order to secure customers, we may be unable to sustain gross margins at desired levels or achieve profitability. Competitive pressures could result in increased pricing pressure, reduced profit margins, increased sales and marketing expenses and failure to increase, or the loss of, market share, any of which could reduce our revenue and adversely affect our financial results. Moreover, our competitors may foresee the course of market developments more accurately than we do and could develop new technologies that render our products less valuable or obsolete. 
  In our markets, principal competitive factors include: 
     product performance; 
     interoperability with existing products; 
     scalability and upgradeability; 
     conformance to standards; 
     breadth of services; 
     reliability; 
     ease of installation and use; 
     geographic footprints for products; 
     ability to provide customer financing; 

39 

     Table of Contents  

price; 
     technical support and customer service; and 
     brand recognition. 
  If we are unable to compete successfully against our current and future competitors, we may have difficulty obtaining or retaining customers, and we could experience price reductions, order cancellations, increased expenses and reduced gross margins, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
  Our success largely depends on our ability to retain and recruit key personnel, and any failure to do so would harm our ability to meet key objectives. 
  Our future success depends upon the continued services of our Co-Chief Executive Officers and our other executive officers, our ability to identify, attract and retain highly skilled technical, managerial, sales and marketing personnel who have critical industry experience and relationships that we rely on to build our business. The loss of the services of any of our key employees, including our Co-Chief Executive Officers and our Chief Financial Officer, could delay the development and production of our products and negatively impact our ability to maintain customer relationships, which would harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. Moreover, our inability to attract and retain sufficient qualified accounting personnel with expertise in GAAP  following the Merger may adversely affect our ability to maintain an effective system of internal controls or our ability to produce reliable financial reports, which may materially and adversely affect our business. 
    
  Any strategic acquisitions or investments we make could disrupt our operations and harm our operating results. 
  On an ongoing basis, we may evaluate acquisitions of, or investments in, complementary companies, products or technologies to supplement our internal growth, may acquire additional businesses, products or technologies in the future. If we do complete future acquisitions, we could: 
     issue stock that would dilute our current stockholders  percentage ownership; 
     consume a substantial portion of our cash resources; 
     incur substantial debt; 
     assume liabilities; 
     increase our ongoing operating expenses and level of fixed costs; 
     record goodwill and non-amortizable intangible assets that will be subject to impairment testing and potential periodic impairment charges; 
     incur amortization expenses related to certain intangible assets; 
     incur large and immediate write-offs; and 
     become subject to litigation. 
  Any acquisitions or investments that we make in the future will involve numerous risks, including: 
     difficulties in integrating the operations, technologies, products and personnel of the acquired companies; 
     unanticipated costs; 
     diversion of management s time and attention away from normal daily operations of the business and the challenges of managing larger and more widespread operations resulting from acquisitions; 
     difficulties in entering markets in which we have no or limited prior experience; 
     insufficient revenues to offset increased expenses associated with acquisitions and where competitors in such markets have stronger market positions; and 
     potential loss of key employees, customers, distributors, vendors and other business partners of the companies we acquire following and continuing after announcement of acquisition plans. 
  Mergers and acquisitions of high-technology companies are inherently risky and subject to many factors outside of our control, and we cannot be certain that our previous or future acquisitions will be successful and will not materially adversely affect our business, operating results or financial condition. We do not know whether we will be able to  
  
   40 

     Table of Contents  

successfully integrate the businesses, products, technologies or personnel that we might acquire in the future or that any strategic investments we make will meet our financial or other investment objectives. Any failure to do so could seriously harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
  Sales to communications service providers are especially volatile, and weakness in sales orders from this industry may harm our operating results and financial condition. 
  Sales activity in the service provider industry depends upon the stage of completion of expanding network infrastructures, the availability of funding, and the extent to which service providers are affected by regulatory, economic and business conditions in the country of operations. Although some service providers may be increasing capital expenditures over the depressed levels that have prevailed over the last few years, weakness in orders from this industry could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. Slowdowns in the general economy, overcapacity, changes in the service provider market, regulatory developments and constraints on capital availability have had a material adverse effect on many of our service provider customers, with many of these customers going out of business or substantially reducing their expansion plans. These conditions have materially harmed our business and operating results, and we expect that some or all of these conditions may continue for the foreseeable future. Finally, service provider customers typically have longer implementation cycles; require a broader range of service including design services; demand that vendors take on a larger share of risks; often require acceptance provisions, which can lead to a delay in revenue recognition; and expect financing from vendors. All these factors can add further risk to business conducted with service providers. 
    
  Compliance or the failure to comply with current and future environmental regulations could cause us significant expense. 
  We are subject to a variety of federal, state, local and foreign environmental regulations. If we fail to comply with any present and future regulations, we could be subject to future liabilities, the suspension of production or a prohibition on the sale of our products. In addition, such regulations could require us to incur other significant expenses to comply with environmental regulations, including expenses associated with the redesign of any non-compliant product. From time to time new regulations are enacted, and it is difficult to anticipate how such regulations will be implemented and enforced. For example, in 2003 the European Union enacted the Restriction on the Use of Certain Hazardous Substances in Electrical and Electronic Equipment Directive (RoHS) and the Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment Directive (WEEE), for implementation in European Union member states. We are aware of similar legislation that is currently in force or is being considered in the United States, as well as other countries, such as Japan and China. Our failure to comply with any of such regulatory requirements or contractual obligations could result in our being liable for costs, fines, penalties and third-party claims, and could jeopardize our ability to conduct business in countries in the jurisdictions where these regulations apply. 
  Adverse resolution of litigation may harm our operating results or financial condition. 
  We are a party to various lawsuits and claims in the normal course of our business. Litigation can be expensive, lengthy, and disruptive to normal business operations. Moreover, the results of complex legal proceedings are difficult to predict. An unfavorable resolution of a particular lawsuit could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition.  
  Our intellectual property rights may prove difficult to protect and enforce. 
  We generally rely on a combination of copyrights, patents, trademarks and trade secret laws and restrictions on disclosure to protect our intellectual property rights. We also enter into confidentiality or license agreements with our employees, consultants and corporate partners, and control access to and distribution of our proprietary information. Despite our efforts to protect our proprietary rights, unauthorized parties may attempt to copy or otherwise obtain and use our products or technology. Monitoring unauthorized use of our technology is difficult, and we do not know whether the steps we have taken will prevent unauthorized use of our technology, particularly in foreign countries where the laws may not protect our proprietary rights as extensively as in the United States. We cannot assure you that our pending, or any future, patent applications will be granted, that any existing or future patents will not be challenged, invalidated, or circumvented, or that any existing or future patents will be enforceable. While we are not dependent on any individual patents, if we are unable to protect our proprietary rights, we may find ourselves at a competitive disadvantage to others who need not incur the substantial expense, time and effort required to create the innovative products. 
  
   41 

     Table of Contents  

We may be subject to intellectual property infringement claims that are costly and time consuming to defend and could limit our ability to use some technologies in the future. 
  Third parties have in the past and may in the future assert claims or initiate litigation related to patent, copyright, trademark and other intellectual property rights to technologies and related standards that are relevant to us. The asserted claims or initiated litigation can include claims against us or our manufacturers, suppliers or customers alleging infringement of their proprietary rights with respect to our existing or future products, or components of those products. We have received correspondence from companies claiming that many of our products are using technology covered by or related to the intellectual property rights of these companies and inviting us to discuss licensing arrangements for the use of the technology. Regardless of the merit of these claims, intellectual property litigation can be time consuming and costly, and result in the diversion of technical and management personnel. Any such litigation could force us to stop selling, incorporating or using our products that include the challenged intellectual property, or redesign those products that use the technology. In addition, if a party accuses us of infringing upon its proprietary rights, we may have to enter into royalty or licensing agreements, which may not be available on terms acceptable to us, if at all. If we are unsuccessful in any such litigation, we could be subject to significant liability for damages and loss of our proprietary rights. Any of these results could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
  We rely on the availability of third party licenses. 
  Many of our products are designed to include software or other intellectual property licensed from third parties. It may be necessary in the future to seek or renew licenses relating to various elements of the technology used to develop these products. We cannot assure you that our existing and future third-party licenses will be available to us on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. Our inability to maintain or obtain any third-party license required to sell or develop our products and product enhancements could require us to obtain substitute technology of lower quality or performance standards, or at greater cost. 
  The long and variable sales cycles for our products may cause revenue and operating results to vary significantly from quarter to quarter. 
  The target customers for our products have substantial and complex networks that they traditionally expand in large increments on a periodic basis. Accordingly, our marketing efforts are focused primarily on prospective customers that may purchase our products as part of a large-scale network deployment. Our target customers typically require a lengthy evaluation, testing and product qualification process. Throughout this process, we are often required to spend considerable time and incur significant expense educating and providing information to prospective customers about the uses and features of our products. Even after a company makes the final decision to purchase our products, it may deploy our products over extended periods of time. The timing of deployment of our products varies widely, and depends on a number of factors, including our customers  skill sets, geographic density of potential subscribers, the degree of configuration and integration required to deploy our products, and our customers  ability to finance their purchase of our products as well as their operations. As a result of any of these factors, our revenue and operating results may vary significantly from quarter to quarter. 
  Decreased effectiveness of share-based compensation could adversely affect our ability to attract and retain employees. 
  We have historically used stock options as a key component of our employee compensation program in order to align the interests of our employees with the interests of our stockholders, encourage employee retention and provide competitive compensation and benefit packages. If the trading price of our common stock declines, this would reduce the value of our share-based compensation to our present employees and could affect our ability to retain existing or attract prospective employees.  Difficulties relating to obtaining stockholder approval of equity compensation plans could also make it harder or more expensive for us to grant share-based payments to employees in the future. 
  
   42 

     Table of Contents  

Our industry is subject to government regulations, which could harm our business. 
  Our operations are subject to various laws and regulations, including those regulations promulgated by the FCC. The FCC has jurisdiction over the entire communications industry in the United States and, as a result, our existing and future products and our customers  products are subject to FCC rules and regulations. Changes to current FCC rules and regulations and future FCC rules and regulations could negatively affect our business. The uncertainty associated with future FCC decisions may cause network service providers to delay decisions regarding their capital expenditures for equipment for broadband services. In addition, international regulatory bodies establish standards that may govern our products in foreign markets. The SEC has adopted disclosure rules regarding the use of  conflict minerals  mined from the Democratic Republic of Congo and adjoining countries (DRC) and procedures regarding a manufacturer s efforts to prevent the sourcing of such conflict minerals. These rules may have the effect of reducing the pool of suppliers who can supply DRC  conflict free  components and parts, and we may not be able to obtain DRC conflict free products or supplies in sufficient quantities for our operations. Also, we may face reputational challenges with our customers, stockholders and other stakeholders if we are unable to sufficiently verify the origins for the conflict minerals used in our products. We are unable to predict the scope, pace or financial impact of government regulations and other policy changes that could be adopted in the future, any of which could negatively impact our operations and costs of doing business. Because of our smaller size, legislation or governmental regulations can significantly increase our costs and affect our competitive position. Changes to or future domestic and international regulatory requirements could result in postponements or cancellations of customer orders for our products and services, which would harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, we cannot be certain that we will be successful in obtaining or maintaining regulatory approvals that may, in the future, be required to operate our business. 
  Our business and operations are especially subject to the risks of earthquakes and other natural catastrophic events. 
  Our corporate headquarters, including a significant portion of our research and development operations, are located in Northern California, a region known for seismic activity. Additionally, some of our facilities, including our manufacturing facilities, are located near geographic areas that have experienced hurricanes in the past. A significant natural disaster, such as an earthquake, hurricane, fire, flood or other catastrophic event, could severely affect our ability to conduct normal business operations, and as a result, our future operating results could be materially and adversely affected. 
  Our executive officers and directors and entities affiliated with them own or control a large percentage of our common stock, which permits them to exercise significant control over us.  
  As of September 30, 2016, our executive officers and directors and entities affiliated with them owned, in the aggregate, approximately 64% of the outstanding shares of our common stock. Accordingly, these stockholders will be able to substantially influence all matters requiring approval by our shareholders, including the approval of mergers or other business combination transactions and the composition of our Board of Directors. This concentration of ownership may also delay, defer or even prevent a change in control of our company and would make some transactions more difficult or impossible without their support, even if such a transaction would be beneficial to our other stockholders. Circumstances may arise in which the interests of these stockholders could conflict with the interests of our other stockholders. In addition, provisions of our certificate of incorporation, bylaws and Delaware law could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us, even if doing so would be beneficial to certain stockholders. 
  Future sales of our common stock could lower our stock price and dilute existing shareholders.  
  We issued a total of approximately 47.5 million shares of our common stock to DASAN in connection with the Merger, and may issue additional shares of common stock to finance future acquisitions through the use of equity. DASAN has the right to require us to register with the SEC resales of the shares issued in connection with the Merger from time to time. In the event that DASAN exercises its registration rights with respect to such shares, such shares would become eligible for resale upon registration. Additionally, shares of our common stock are available for future sale pursuant to awards granted under our equity incentive plans. Our stock price may suffer a significant decline as a result of any sudden increase in the number of shares sold in the public market or market perception that the increased number of shares available for sale will exceed the demand for our common stock.  
  There is a limited public market of our common stock.  
  There is a limited public market for our common stock. The average daily trading volume in our common stock during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was approximately 83,000 shares per day. We cannot provide assurances that a more active trading market will develop or be sustained. As a result of low trading volume in our common stock, the  
  
   43 

     Table of Contents  

purchase or sale of a relatively small number of shares of our common stock could result in significant price fluctuations and it may be difficult for holders to sell their shares without depressing the market price for our common stock. 

Item 6.    Exhibits 
    
  The Exhibit Index on page 46 is incorporated herein by reference as the list of exhibits required as part of this report. 

44 

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURES 
  Pursuant to the retirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

DASAN ZHONE SOLUTIONS, INC. 

Date: November 14, 2016 
    By: 
      
    /s/    JAMES NORROD 
        
    Name: 
      
    James Norrod 
        
    Title: 
      
    Co-Chief Executive Officer 

By: 
      
    /s/    IL  YUNG KIM 
        
    Name: 
      
    Il Yung Kim 
        
    Title: 
      
    Co-Chief Executive Officer 

By: 
      
    /s/    KIRK MISAKA 
        
    Name: 
      
    Kirk Misaka 
        
    Title: 
      
    Chief Financial Officer 

45 

Table of Contents  

EXHIBIT INDEX 

46 

     Table of Contents  

10.15 
    Joinder and Seventh Amendment to Credit and Security Agreements, dated as of October 7, 2016, by and among DASAN Zhone Solutions, Inc., ZTI Merger Subsidiary III, Inc., Premisys Communications, Inc., Zhone Technologies International, Inc., Paradyne Networks, Inc., Paradyne Corporation, Dasan Network Solutions, Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association 

31.1 
    Certification of Co-Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) 

31.2 
    Certification of Co-Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) 

31.3 
    Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) 

32.1 
    Section 1350 Certification of Co-Chief Executive Officers and Chief Financial Officer 

101.INS 
    XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 

101.CAL 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 

101.DEF 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 

101.LAB 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase 

101.PRE 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 

47 

<EX-3.1>
 2
 exhibit31restatedcertifica.htm
 EXHIBIT 3.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 3.1  
    
  RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION  
  OF  
  DASAN ZHONE SOLUTIONS, INC.  
  (as amended through September 9, 2016) 

ARTICLE I  
  NAME  
    
  The name of the corporation is DASAN Zhone Solutions, Inc. (the  Corporation ).  
    
  ARTICLE II  
  REGISTERED OFFICE AND AGENT  
    
  The address of the Corporation s registered office in the State of Delaware is 1209 Orange Street, City of Wilmington, New Castle County, Delaware. The name of its registered agent at such address is The Corporation Trust Company.  
    
  ARTICLE III  
  PURPOSE  
    
  The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be organized under the DGCL.  
  ARTICLE IV  
  CAPITAL STOCK  
    
  The total number of shares of all classes of capital stock which the Corporation shall have authority to issue is Two Hundred Five Million (205,000,000) shares, of which:  
    
  One Hundred Eighty Million (180,000,000) shares, par value $.001 per share, shall be shares of common stock (the  Common Stock  and  
    
  Twenty-Five Million (25,000,000) shares, par value $.001 per share, shall be shares of preferred stock (the  Preferred Stock ). 
    
  (A)   Common Stock  . Except as (1) otherwise required by law or (2) expressly provided in this Restated Certificate of Incorporation (as amended from time to time), each share of Common Stock shall have the same powers, rights and privileges and shall rank equally, share ratably and be identical in all respects as to all matters. Simultaneously with the effective date of the filing of this amendment to the Corporation s Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the  Effective Date ), each share of Common Stock of the Corporation issued and outstanding or held as treasury shares immediately prior to the Effective Date (the  Old Shares ) shall automatically be reclassified and continued (the  Reverse Stock Split ), without any action on the part of the holder thereof, as one-fifth (1/5th) of one share of Common Stock. The Corporation shall not issue fractional shares in connection with the Reverse Stock Split. Holders of Old Shares who would otherwise be entitled to receive a fraction of a share on account of the Reverse Stock Split shall receive, upon surrender of the stock certificates formerly representing the Old Shares, in lieu of such fractional share, an amount in cash equal to the product of (i) the closing sale price per share of the Common Stock as reported by the Nasdaq Stock Market on the last trading day preceding the Effective Date by (ii) the number of Old Shares held by such holder that would otherwise have been exchanged for such fractional share interests. 
    
  (1)   Dividends  . Subject to the rights of the holders of Preferred Stock, and to the other provisions of this Restated Certificate of Incorporation (as amended from time to time), holders of Common Stock shall be entitled to receive equally, on a per share basis, such dividends and other distributions in cash, securities or other property of the Corporation as may be declared thereon by the Board of Directors from time to time out of assets or funds of the Corporation legally available therefore.  

(2)   Voting Rights  . At every annual or special meeting of stockholders of the Corporation, each holder of Common Stock shall be entitled to cast one (1) vote for each share of Common Stock standing in such holder s name on the stock transfer records of the Corporation.  
    
  (3)   Liquidation Rights  . In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of the Corporation, whether voluntary or involuntary, after payment or provision for payment of the Corporation s debts and amounts payable upon shares of Preferred Stock entitled to a preference, if any, over holders of Common Stock upon such dissolution, liquidation or winding up, the remaining net assets of the Corporation shall be distributed among holders of shares of Common Stock equally on a per share basis. A merger or consolidation of the Corporation with or into any other corporation or other entity, or a sale or conveyance of all or any part of the assets of the Corporation (which shall not in fact result in the liquidation of the Corporation and the distribution of assets to its stockholders) shall not be deemed to be a voluntary or involuntary liquidation or dissolution or winding up of the Corporation within the meaning of this Paragraph (A)(3).  
    
  (B)   Preferred Stock  . The Board of Directors is authorized, subject to limitations prescribed by law, to provide by resolution or resolutions for the issuance of shares of Preferred Stock in one or more series, to establish the number of shares to be included in each such series, and to fix the voting powers (if any), designations, powers, preferences, and relative, participating, optional or other rights, if any, of the shares of each such series, and any qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof. Irrespective of the provisions of Section 242(b)(2) of the DGCL, the number of authorized shares of Preferred Stock may be increased or decreased (but not below the number of shares thereof then outstanding) by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority in voting power of the stock of the Corporation entitled to vote, without the separate vote of the holders of the Preferred Stock as a class.  
    
  ARTICLE V  
  BOARD OF DIRECTORS  
    
  (A)   Management  . The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may exercise all such authority and powers of the Corporation and do all such lawful acts and things as are not by statute or this Restated Certificate of Incorporation directed or required to be exercised or done by the stockholders.  
    
  (B)   Number of Directors  . The number of directors of the Corporation shall be fixed from time to time by, or in the manner provided in, the Bylaws; provided, however, that the number of directors shall not be less than three (3) nor more than eleven (11).  
    
  (C)   Classes and Terms of Directors  . The directors shall be divided into three classes, as nearly equal in number as possible, and no class shall include less than one director. The initial term of office for members of the first class shall expire at the annual meeting of stockholders in 2002; the initial term of office for members of the second class shall expire at the annual meeting of stockholders in 2003; and the initial term of office for members of the third class shall expire at the annual meeting of stockholders in 2004. At each annual meeting of stockholders following such initial classification and election, directors elected to succeed those directors whose terms expire shall be elected for a term of office to expire at the third succeeding annual meeting of stockholders after their election, and shall continue to hold office until their respective successors are elected and qualified. In the event of any increase in the number of directors fixed by the Board of Directors, the additional directors shall be classified so that all classes of directors have as nearly equal numbers of directors as may be possible. In the event of any decrease in the number of directors, all classes of directors shall be decreased equally as nearly as may be possible.  
    
  (D)   Newly-Created Directorships and Vacancies  . Subject to the rights of the holders of any class of Common Stock or series of Preferred Stock then outstanding, newly created directorships resulting from any increase in the number of directors or any vacancies in the Board of Directors resulting from death, resignation, retirement, disqualification, removal from office or any other cause may be filled by the Board of Directors, provided that a quorum is then in office and present, or by a majority of the directors then in office, if less than a quorum is then in office, or by the sole remaining director. Directors elected to fill a newly created directorship or other vacancies shall hold office for the remainder of the full term of the class of directors in which the new directorship was created or the vacancy occurred and until such director s successor has been elected and has qualified.  

(E)   Removal of Directors  . Subject to the rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock then outstanding, any director may be removed from office at any time, but only for cause, at a meeting called for that purpose, and only by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66    2   /  3  % of the voting power of all shares of Common Stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class.  
    
   (F)   Rights of Holders of Preferred Stock  . Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Article V, whenever the holders of one or more series of Preferred Stock issued by the Corporation shall have the right, voting separately or together by series, to elect directors at an annual or special meeting of stockholders, the election, term of office, filling of vacancies and other features of such directorship shall be governed by the rights of such Preferred Stock as set forth in the certificate of designations governing such series.  
    
  (G)   Written Ballot Not Required  . Elections of directors need not be by written ballot unless the Bylaws of the Corporation shall otherwise provide.  
    
  (H)   Bylaws  . The Board of Directors is expressly authorized to adopt, amend or repeal the bylaws of the Corporation. Any bylaws made by the directors under the powers conferred hereby may be amended or repealed by the directors or by the stockholders. Notwithstanding the foregoing and anything contained in this Restated Certificate of Incorporation to the contrary, the bylaws of the Corporation shall not be amended or repealed by the stockholders, and no provision inconsistent therewith shall be adopted by the stockholders, without the affirmative vote of the holders of 66    2   /  3  % of the voting power of all shares of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class.  
    
  ARTICLE VI  
  LIMITATION OF LIABILITY  
    
  A director of the Corporation shall not be personally liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director; provided, however, that the foregoing shall not eliminate or limit the liability of a director (i) for any breach of the director s duty of loyalty to the Corporation or its stockholders, (ii) for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, (iii) under Section 174 of the DGCL, or (iv) for any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit. If the DGCL is hereafter amended to permit further elimination or limitation of the personal liability of directors, then the liability of a director of the Corporation shall be eliminated or limited to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL as so amended. Any repeal or modification of this Article VI by the stockholders of the Corporation or otherwise shall not adversely affect any right or protection of a director of the Corporation existing at the time of such repeal or modification.  
    
  ARTICLE VII  
  INDEMNIFICATION  
    
  Each person who was or is made a party or is threatened to be made a party to or is involved (including, without limitation, as a witness) in any actual or threatened action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (hereinafter a  proceeding ), by reason of the fact that he is or was a director or officer of the Corporation or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director or officer of another corporation or of a partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, including service with respect to an employee benefit plan (hereinafter an  Indemnitee ), whether the basis of such proceeding is alleged action in an official capacity as a director or officer or in any other capacity while so serving, shall be indemnified and held harmless by the Corporation to the full extent authorized by the DGCL, as the same exists or may hereafter be amended (but, in the case of any such amendment, only to the extent that such amendment permits the Corporation to provide broader indemnification rights than said law permitted the Corporation to provide prior to such amendment), or by other applicable law as then in effect, against all expense, liability and loss (including attorneys  fees and related disbursements, judgments, fines, excise taxes or penalties under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time ( ERISA ), penalties and amounts paid or to be paid in settlement) actually and reasonably incurred or suffered by such Indemnitee in connection therewith, and such indemnification shall continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director, officer, partner, member or trustee and shall inure to the benefit of his or her heirs, executors and administrators. Each person who is or was serving as a  

director or officer of a subsidiary of the Corporation shall be deemed to be serving, or have served, at the request of the Corporation.  
    
  (A)   Procedure  . Any indemnification (but not advancement of expenses) under this Article VII (unless ordered by a court) shall be made by the Corporation only as authorized in the specific case upon a determination that indemnification of the director or officer is proper in the circumstances because he has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in the DGCL, as the same exists or hereafter may be amended (but, in the case of any such amendment, only to the extent that such amendment permits the Corporation to provide broader indemnification rights than said law permitted the Corporation to provide prior to such amendment). Such determination shall be made with respect to a person who is a director or officer at the time of such determination (a) by a majority vote of the directors who were not parties to such proceeding (the  Disinterested Directors ), even though less than a quorum, (b) by a committee of Disinterested Directors designated by a majority vote of Disinterested Directors, even though less than a quorum, (c) if there are no such Disinterested Directors, or if such Disinterested Directors so direct, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion, or (d) by the stockholders.  
    
  (B)   Advances for Expenses  . Expenses (including attorneys  fees, costs and charges) incurred by a director or officer of the Corporation in defending a proceeding shall be paid by the Corporation in advance of the final disposition of such proceeding upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of the director or officer to repay all amounts so advanced in the event that it shall ultimately be determined that such director or officer is not entitled to be indemnified by the Corporation as authorized in this Article VII. The majority of the Disinterested Directors may, in the manner set forth above, and upon approval of such director or officer of the Corporation, authorize the Corporation s counsel to represent such person, in any proceeding, whether or not the Corporation is a party to such proceeding.  
    
  (C)   Procedure for Indemnification  . Any indemnification or advance of expenses (including attorney s fees, costs and charges) under this Article VII shall be made promptly, and in any event within 60 days upon the written request of the director or officer (and, in the case of advance of expenses, receipt of a written undertaking by or on behalf of Indemnitee to repay such amount if it shall ultimately be determined that Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified therefor pursuant to the terms of this Article VII). The right to indemnification or advances as granted by this Article VII shall be enforceable by the director or officer in any court of competent jurisdiction, if the Corporation denies such request, in whole or in part, or if no disposition thereof is made within 60 days. Such person s costs and expenses incurred in connection with successfully establishing his/her right to indemnification, in whole or in part, in any such action shall also be indemnified by the Corporation. It shall be a defense to any such action (other than an action brought to enforce a claim for the advance of expenses (including attorney s fees, costs and charges) under this Article VII where the required undertaking, if any, has been received by the Corporation) that the claimant has not met the standard of conduct set forth in the DGCL, as the same exists or hereafter may be amended (but, in the case of any such amendment, only to the extent that such amendment permits the Corporation to provide broader indemnification rights than said law permitted the Corporation to provide prior to such amendment), but the burden of proving such defense shall be on the Corporation. Neither the failure of the Corporation (including its Board of Directors, its independent legal counsel and its stockholders) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of such action that indemnification of the claimant is proper in the circumstances because he/she has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in the DGCL, as the same exists or hereafter may be amended (but, in the case of any such amendment, only to the extent that such amendment permits the Corporation to provide broader indemnification rights than said law permitted the Corporation to provide prior to such amendment), nor the fact that there has been an actual determination by the Corporation (including its Board of Directors, its independent legal counsel and its stockholders) that the claimant has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall be a defense to the action or create a presumption that the claimant has not met the applicable standard of conduct.  
    
  (D)   Other Rights; Continuation of Right to Indemnification  . The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by this Article VII shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which a person seeking indemnification or advancement of expenses may be entitled under any law (common or statutory), bylaw, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, both as to action in his/her official capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding office or while employed by or acting as agent for the Corporation, and shall continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director or officer, and shall inure to the  

benefit of the estate, heirs, executors and administers of such person. All rights to indemnification under this Article VII shall be deemed to be a contract between the Corporation and each director or officer of the Corporation who serves or served in such capacity at any time while this Article VII is in effect. Any repeal or modification of this Article VII or any repeal or modification of relevant provisions of the DGCL or any other applicable laws shall not in any way diminish any rights to indemnification of such director or officer or the obligations of the Corporation arising hereunder with respect to any proceeding arising out of, or relating to, any actions, transactions or facts occurring prior to the final adoption of such modification or repeal. For the purposes of this Article VII, references to  the Corporation  include all constituent corporations absorbed in a consolidation or merger as well as the resulting or surviving corporation, so that any person who is or was a director or officer of such a constituent corporation or is or was serving at the request of such constituent corporation as a director or officer of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise shall stand in the same position under the provisions of this Article VII, with respect to the resulting or surviving corporation, as he would if he/she had served the resulting or surviving corporation in the same capacity.  
    
   (E)   Insurance  . The Corporation shall have power to purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was or has agreed to become a director or officer of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director or officer of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against any liability asserted against him and incurred by him or on his behalf in any such capacity, or arising out of his status as such, whether or not the Corporation would have the power to indemnify him against such liability under the provisions of this Article VII; provided, however, that such insurance is available on acceptable terms, which determination shall be made by a vote of a majority of the Board of Directors.  
    
  (F)   Savings Clause  . If this Article VII or any portion hereof shall be invalidated on any ground by any court of competent jurisdiction, then the Corporation shall nevertheless indemnify each person entitled to indemnification under the first paragraph of this Article VII as to all expense, liability and loss (including attorneys  fees and related disbursements, judgments, fines, ERISA excise taxes and penalties, penalties and amounts paid or to be paid in settlement) actually and reasonably incurred or suffered by such person and for which indemnification is available to such person pursuant to this Article VII to the full extent permitted by any applicable portion of this Article VII that shall not have been invalidated and to the full extent permitted by applicable law.  
    
  ARTICLE VIII  
  STOCKHOLDER ACTION  
    
  Any action required or permitted to be taken by the stockholders of the Corporation must be effected at a duly called annual or special meeting of such holders and may not be effected by any consent in writing by such holders.  
    
  ARTICLE IX  
  AMENDMENT  
    
  The Corporation reserves the right to amend, alter, change or repeal any provision contained in this Restated Certificate of Incorporation, in the manner now or hereafter prescribed by statute, and all rights conferred upon stockholders herein are granted subject to this reservation. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws of the Corporation, and notwithstanding the fact that a lesser percentage or separate class vote may be specified by law, this Certificate of Incorporation, the Bylaws of the Corporation or otherwise, but in addition to any affirmative vote of the holders of any particular class or series of the capital stock required by law, this Certificate of Incorporation, the Bylaws of the Corporation or otherwise, the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66-2/3% of the voting power of all shares of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class, shall be required to adopt any provision inconsistent with, to amend or repeal any provision of, or to adopt a bylaw inconsistent with, Articles V, VI, VII, VIII or IX of this Certificate of Incorporation.  

</EX-3.1>

<EX-10.3>
 3
 exhibit103dasanzhone2001rs.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.3

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.3 
    
  DASAN ZHONE SOLUTIONS, INC.  AMENDED AND RESTATED  2001 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN 
  RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD GRANT NOTICE  AND  RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT 
  DASAN Zhone Solutions, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the    Company   ), pursuant to its Amended and Restated 2001 Stock Incentive Plan (the    Plan   ), hereby grants to the individual listed below (   Grantee   ) the number of restricted stock units (   Restricted Stock Units    or    RSUs   ) with respect to the number of shares of the Company s common stock (the    Shares   ) set forth below.  This Restricted Stock Unit award (the    Award   ) is subject to all of the terms and conditions as set forth herein and in the Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement attached hereto as   Exhibit A   (the    Restricted Stock Unit Agreement   ) and the Plan, which are incorporated herein by reference.  Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms defined in the Plan shall have the same defined meanings in this Grant Notice and the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement.  The RSUs constitute  Phantom Stock,  as such term is defined in the Plan. 
                 Grantee: 
      
      Grant Date: 
      
      Total Number of RSUs: 
      
      Vesting Schedule: 
    Twenty five percent (25%) of the Restricted Stock Units will vest on each of the first four (4) anniversaries of the Grant Date, subject to the Grantee continuing in service as a Director through each such vesting date.  In addition, all of the Restricted Stock Units will vest upon the occurrence of a Change in Control. 

By his or her signature, Grantee agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions of the Plan, the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement and this Grant Notice.  Grantee has reviewed the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement, the Plan and this Grant Notice in their entirety, has had an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel prior to executing this Grant Notice and fully understands all provisions of this Grant Notice, the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement and the Plan.  Grantee hereby agrees to accept as binding, conclusive and final all decisions or interpretations of the Administrator of the Plan upon any questions arising under the Plan, this Grant Notice or the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement.   
                     DASAN ZHONE SOLUTIONS, INC. 
    GRANTEE 
      By: 
      
    By: 
      
      Print Name: 
      
    Print Name: 
      
      Title: 
      
    Title: 
      
      Address: 
    7195 Oakport Street   Oakland, CA 94621 
    Address: 

EXHIBIT A 
  RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT 
  Pursuant to the Restricted Stock Unit Award Grant Notice (   Grant Notice   ) to which this Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (this    Agreement   ) is attached, DASAN Zhone Solutions, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the    Company   ), has granted to Grantee the number of Restricted Stock Units under the Company s Amended and Restated 2001 Stock Incentive Plan (the    Plan   ) indicated in the Grant Notice. 
        Article I 
  GENERAL 
  1.1        Defined Terms  .  Capitalized terms not specifically defined herein shall have the meanings specified in the Plan and the Grant Notice. 
  1.2        Incorporation of Terms of Plan  .  The Shares are subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan which are incorporated herein by reference.        
     Article II 
  ISSUANCE OF SHARES 
  2.1        Award of Restricted Stock Units.  
  (a)        Award  . In consideration of Grantee s continued service with the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary thereof and for other good and valuable consideration, the Company hereby grants to Grantee the number of RSUs set forth in the Grant Notice, subject to all of the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, the Grant Notice and the Plan. Prior to actual issuance of any Shares, the RSUs and the Award represent an unsecured obligation of the Company, payable only from the general assets of the Company. 
  (b)        Vesting  . The RSUs subject to the Award shall vest in accordance with the Vesting Schedule set forth in the Grant Notice. Unless and until the RSUs have vested in accordance with the Vesting Schedule set forth in the Grant Notice, Grantee will have no right to any distribution with respect to such RSUs.  Unless otherwise provided the Grant Notice, in the event of Grantee s Termination of Employment prior to the vesting of all of the RSUs, any unvested RSUs will terminate automatically without any further action by the Company and be forfeited without further notice and at no cost to the Company.  
  (c)        Distribution of RSUs  .  
  (i)        Shares shall be distributed to Grantee (or in the event of Grantee s death, to his or her estate) with respect to Grantee s vested RSUs within ten (10) days following the date on which such RSUs vest as specified in the Vesting Schedule set forth in the Grant Notice (or, in the event the vesting date is the date of a Change in Control, the RSUs shall be settled immediately prior to such Change in Control), subject to the terms and provisions of the Plan and this Agreement.  
  
   A-1 

(ii)        All distributions of the RSUs shall be made by the Company in the form of whole Shares.     
  (iii)        Neither the time nor form of distribution of Shares with respect to the RSUs may be changed, except as may be permitted by the Board  in accordance with the Plan and Section 409A of the Code and the Treasury Regulations thereunder. 
  (d)        Generally  . Shares issued under the Award shall be issued to Grantee or Grantee s beneficiaries, as the case may be, at the sole discretion of the Board, in either (i) uncertificated form, with the Shares recorded in the name of Grantee in the books and records of the Company s transfer agent with appropriate notations regarding the restrictions on transfer imposed pursuant to this Agreement; or (ii) certificate form.  In no event will fractional shares be issued upon settlement of the Award.  In lieu of any fractional Share, the Company shall make a cash payment to Grantee equal to the Fair Market Value of such fractional Share on the date the RSUs are settled pursuant to this Section 2.1. 
  (e)        Tax Withholding  . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Company shall be entitled to require payment (which payment may be made in cash, by deduction from other compensation payable to Grantee or in any form of consideration permitted by Section 22.4 of the Plan) of any sums required by federal, state or local tax law to be withheld with respect to the vesting of the RSUs, the distribution of the Shares issuable with respect thereto, or any other taxable event related to the RSUs.  The Company shall not be obligated to deliver any new certificate representing vested Shares to Grantee or Grantee s legal representative unless and until Grantee or Grantee s legal representative shall have paid or otherwise satisfied in full the amount of all federal, state and local taxes applicable to the taxable income of Grantee resulting from the vesting of the RSUs, the distribution of the Shares issuable with respect thereto, or any other taxable event related to the RSUs.              Article III 
  RESTRICTIONS 
  3.1        Award Not Transferable  . This Award, including the RSUs awarded hereunder, may not be sold, pledged, assigned or transferred in any manner other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution, unless and until the Shares issuable pursuant to the Award have been issued, and all restrictions applicable to such Shares have lapsed, and any attempted disposition thereof shall be null and void and of no effect. 
  3.2        Rights as Stockholder  . Neither Grantee nor any Person claiming under or through Grantee shall have any of the rights or privileges of a stockholder of the Company in respect of any Shares issuable hereunder unless and until certificates representing such Shares (which may be in uncertificated form) will have been issued and recorded on the books and records of the Company or its transfer agents or registrars, and delivered to Grantee (including through electronic delivery to a brokerage account). After such issuance, recordation and delivery, Grantee shall have all the rights of a stockholder of the Company, including with respect to the right to vote the Shares and the right to receive any cash or share dividends or other distributions paid to or made with respect to the Shares.  
  3.3        Award Subject to Clawback  .  This Award, including the RSUs awarded hereunder, and any Shares issuable upon vesting of the RSUs, are subject to forfeiture, recovery by the Company or other action pursuant to any clawback or recoupment policy which the Company may adopt from time to time pursuant to laws or regulations, including without limitation, any such policy which the Company may be required  

to adopt under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and implementing rules and regulations thereunder, or as otherwise required by applicable law.    
      Article IV    
  MISCELLANEOUS 
  4.1        Governing Law  .  This Agreement and all acts and transactions pursuant hereto and the rights and obligations of the parties hereto shall be governed, construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to principles of conflicts of law. 
  4.2        Entire Agreement; Enforcement of Rights  .  The Plan is incorporated herein by reference.  This Agreement and the Plan set forth the entire agreement and understanding of the parties relating to the subject matter herein and merge all prior discussions between them.  No modification of or amendment to this Agreement, nor any waiver of any rights under this Agreement, shall be effective unless in writing signed by the parties to this Agreement.  The failure by either party to enforce any rights under this Agreement shall not be construed as a waiver of any rights of such party.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary anywhere else in this Agreement, the grant of the Shares is subject to the terms, definitions and provisions of the Plan, which is incorporated herein by reference.  Any of Grantee s rights hereunder shall be in addition to any rights Grantee may otherwise have under benefit plans or agreements of the Company to which Grantee is a party or in which Grantee is a participant, including, but not limited to, any Company sponsored employee benefit plans, stock option plans, severance plans or severance agreements.  The provisions of this Agreement shall not in any way limit Grantee s rights under such other plans and agreements. 
  4.3        Severability  .  If one or more provisions of this Agreement are held to be unenforceable under applicable law, the parties agree to renegotiate such provision in good faith.  In the event that the parties cannot reach a mutually agreeable and enforceable replacement for such provision, then (i) such provision shall be excluded from this Agreement, (ii) the balance of the Agreement shall be interpreted as if such provision were so excluded and (iii) the balance of the Agreement shall be enforceable in accordance with its terms. 
  4.4        Construction  .  This Agreement is the result of negotiations between and has been reviewed by each of the parties hereto and their respective counsel, if any; accordingly, this Agreement shall be deemed to be the product of all of the parties hereto, and no ambiguity shall be construed in favor of or against any one of the parties hereto. 
  4.5        Notices  .  Any notice required or permitted by this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed sufficient when delivered personally or sent by telegram or fax or 48 hours after being deposited in the U.S.  mail, as certified or registered mail, with postage prepaid, and addressed to the party to be notified at such party s address or fax number as set forth below or as subsequently modified by written notice. 
  4.6        Counterparts  .  This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which together shall constitute one instrument. 
  4.7        Successors and Assigns  .  The rights and benefits of this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by the Company s successors and assigns.  The Company may assign its rights under this Agreement to any successor (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company without the prior written consent of  

Grantee.  The rights and obligations of Grantee under this Agreement may only be assigned with the prior written consent of the Company. 
  4.8        Conformity to Securities Laws  .  Grantee acknowledges that the Plan is intended to conform to the extent necessary with all provisions of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and any and all regulations and rules promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission thereunder, and state securities laws and regulations.  Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Plan shall be administered, and the Shares are to be issued, only in such a manner as to conform to such laws, rules and regulations.  To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Plan and this Agreement shall be deemed amended to the extent necessary to conform to such laws, rules and regulations. 
  4.9        Tax Representations  . Grantee has reviewed with Grantee s own tax advisors the federal, state, local and foreign tax consequences of this investment and the transactions contemplated by the Grant Notice and this Agreement. Grantee is relying solely on such advisors and not on any statements or representations of the Company or any of its agents. Grantee understands that Grantee (and not the Company) shall be responsible for Grantee s own tax liability that may arise as a result of this investment or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.  
  4.10        Section 409A  .  
  (a)        Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, this Agreement or the Grant Notice, the Plan, this Agreement and the Grant Notice shall be interpreted in accordance with, and incorporate the terms and conditions required by, Section 409A of the Code (together with any Treasury Regulations and other interpretive guidance issued thereunder, including without limitation any such regulations or other guidance that may be issued after the Grant Date,    Section 409A   ). The Board may, in its discretion, adopt such amendments to the Plan, this Agreement or the Grant Notice or adopt other policies and procedures (including amendments, policies and procedures with retroactive effect), or take any other actions, as the Board determines are necessary or appropriate to comply with the requirements of Section 409A.    
  (b)        This Agreement is not intended to provide for any deferral of compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code, and, accordingly, the Shares issuable pursuant to the RSUs shall be distributed to Grantee no later than the later of: (i) the fifteenth (15   th   ) day of the third month following Grantee s first taxable year in which such RSUs are no longer subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture, and (ii) the fifteenth (15   th   ) day of the third month following first taxable year of the Company in which such RSUs are no longer subject to substantial risk of forfeiture, as determined in accordance with Section 409A and any Treasury Regulations and other guidance issued thereunder.  
  (c)        For purposes of Section 409A of the Code (including, without limitation, for purposes of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-2(b)(2)(iii)), each payment that Grantee may be eligible to receive under this Agreement shall be treated as a separate and distinct payment. 

</EX-10.3>

<EX-10.15>
 4
 exhibit1015joinderandseven.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.15

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.15 
    
  EXECUTION VERSION 

JOINDER AND SEVENTH AMENDMENT TO   CREDIT AND SECURITY AGREEMENTS      
  THIS JOINDER AND SEVENTH AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AND SECURITY AGREEMENTS (the    Amendment   ), dated as of October 7, 2016, is entered into by and among DASAN ZHONE SOLUTIONS, INC. (f/k/a Zhone Technologies, Inc.), a Delaware corporation (   DZS   ),  ZTI MERGER SUBSIDIARY III, INC., a Delaware corporation (   ZTI    DZS and ZTI are sometimes referred to herein individually as a    Borrower    and collectively as the    Borrowers   ), PREMISYS COMMUNICATIONS, INC., a Delaware corporation (   Premisys   ), ZHONE TECHNOLOGIES INTERNATIONAL, INC., a Delaware corporation, (   Zhone International   ), PARADYNE NETWORKS, INC., a Delaware corporation (   Paradyne Networks   ), PARADYNE CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (   Paradyne Corporation    Premisys, Zhone International, Paradyne Networks, and Paradyne Corporation are sometimes referred to herein individually as a    Guarantor    and collectively as the    Guarantors   ), DASAN NETWORK SOLUTIONS, INC., a California corporation (   DNS   ), and WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION (   Lender   ). 
  RECITALS 
  A.    Borrowers, Guarantors, and Lender are parties to (i) a Credit and Security Agreement, dated March 13, 2012 (as amended by that certain First Amendment to Credit and Security Agreements, dated as of March 13, 2013 (the    First Amendment   ), that certain Second Amendment to Credit and Security Agreements, dated September 30, 2013 (the    Second Amendment   ), that certain Third Amendment to Credit and Security Agreements, dated March 5, 2014 (the    Third Amendment   ), that certain Fourth Amendment to Credit and Security Agreements, dated March 6, 2015 (the    Fourth Amendment   ), that certain Fifth Amendment to Credit and Security Agreements, dated March 23, 2016 (the    Fifth Amendment   ), and that certain Sixth Amendment to Credit and Security Agreements and Consent, dated September 9, 2016 (the    Sixth Amendment   ), and as further amended from time to time, the    Domestic Credit Agreement   ), and (ii) a Credit and Security Agreement (Ex-Im Subfacility), dated March 13, 2012 (as amended by the First Amendment, the Second Amendment, the Third Amendment, the Fourth Amendment, the Fifth Amendment, and the Sixth Amendment, and as further amended from time to time, the    Ex-Im Credit Agreement    and together with the Domestic Credit Agreement, collectively, the    Credit Agreements   ).  Capitalized terms used in this Amendment have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreements unless otherwise specified in this Amendment. 
  B.    Lender and Borrowers now wish for Lender to (i) add DNS as a  Guarantor  and a  Loan Party  under, and as a party to, the Credit Agreements and as a  Company  under, and as a party to, the Intercompany Subordination Agreement, and (ii) amend the Credit Agreements on the terms and conditions set forth herein.  
  C.    Borrowers are entering into this Amendment with the understanding and agreement that, except as specifically provided herein, none of the Lender s rights and remedies  

as set forth in the Credit Agreements or any other Loan Document is being waived or modified by the terms of this Amendment.   
  NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and of the mutual covenants and agreements herein contained, it is agreed as follows: 
  1.  Addition and Joinder of DNS  . 
  1.1        Upon the date and effectiveness of this Amendment, Borrowers, Guarantors and Lender agree that DNS shall be deemed to be a  Guarantor  and a  Loan Party  under the Credit Agreements and the other Loan Documents. 
  1.2        Upon the date and effectiveness of this Amendment, DNS agrees (i) that it shall be deemed to be a party to the Credit Agreements as a  Guarantor  and a  Loan Party  thereunder and a party to the Intercompany Subordination Agreement as a  Company  thereunder, (ii) each reference to  Guarantor  and  Loan Party  in any Loan Document shall be deemed to include DNS, (iii) subject to   Annex A   attached to this Amendment, that it shall be deemed to have made all of the representations and warranties of a  Guarantor  and a  Loan Party  under the Credit Agreements (and, with respect to any such representations and warranties that are made as of the Closing Date, DNS shall be deemed to have made such representations and warranties as to itself (as a Guarantor or Loan Party) as of the date of this Amendment) and to have agreed to be bound, jointly and severally with all other  Guarantors ,  Loan Parties  and  Companies , as applicable, by all of the conditions, obligations, appointments, covenants, representations, warranties and other agreements of a  Guarantor ,  Loan Party  and  Company  under and as set forth in the Credit Agreements, this Amendment and the Intercompany Subordination Agreement, as applicable, and (iv) to promptly execute all further documentation, amendments, supplements, schedules, agreements and/or financing statements reasonably required by Lender consistent with and in furtherance of the Credit Agreement, the other Loan Documents and this Amendment.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, DNS hereby unconditionally grants, assigns, and pledges to Lender for the benefit of Lender and each Bank Product Provider, to secure payment and performance of the Obligations, a continuing security interest in and Lien on all of DNS s right, title, and interest in and to the Collateral, as security for the payment and performance of all Obligations.   
  2.        Amendments to Credit Agreements  .  The Credit Agreements are amended as follows: 
  2.1        General  . 
  (a)        Each reference to  Subsidiary ,  Subsidiary s ,  Subsidiaries , and  Subsidiaries   in the Credit Agreements and the Exhibits and Schedules thereto shall include DNS and its Subsidiaries except that such references that appear in Sections   2.4(f)(ii)   through   (iv)  ,   6.14  ,   7.5  ,   7.7(a)(i)  ,   7.11(b)  ,   7.16  ,   7.17   and   9.3   through   9.7   of the Credit Agreements,   Schedule 6.2   to the Credit Agreements, and   Sections 5.2(b)(ii)  ,   5.6  ,   5.15   and   5.29   of   Exhibit D   to the Credit Agreements are hereby replaced with references to  Restricted Subsidiary ,  Restricted Subsidiary s ,  Restricted Subsidiaries , and  Restricted Subsidiaries  , respectively.   

2 

(b)        Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the last sentence of   paragraph b.   of   Schedule 1.1   to the Credit Agreements or   Section 1.1(b)   of the Third Amendment: (i) the phrase  Borrowers  consolidated net income (or loss)  in the definition of  EBITDA  is hereby replaced with the phrase  Borrowers  consolidated net income (or loss) (excluding the consolidated net income (or loss) of DNS and any DNS Subsidiary) , (ii) each reference to  each Borrower and its Subsidiaries  in the definition of  Excess Availability  is hereby replaced with a reference to  each Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than DNS) , (iii) the phrase  Borrowers and their Subsidiaries  in the definition of  Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio  is hereby replaced with the phrase  Borrowers and their Restricted Subsidiaries (other than DNS) , (iv) the phrase  Borrowers and their Subsidiaries determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP  in the definition of  Fixed Charges  is hereby replaced with  Borrowers and their Restricted Subsidiaries determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP (excluding the Fixed Charges of DNS and any DNS Subsidiary) , and (v) the phrase  each Borrower for such period, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP  in the definition of  Interest Expense  is hereby replaced with the phrase  Borrowers and their Restricted Subsidiaries for such period, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP (excluding Interest Expense of DNS and any DNS Subsidiary) .  For the avoidance of doubt, each reference to  Borrowers  cash  in the definition of  Liquidity  shall not include cash of any Subsidiary of any Borrower (other than a Subsidiary that is a Borrower).   
  (c)        Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Credit Agreements (including   Sections 6.12   and   6.15)  , the Stock owned by DNS in each of Dasan Network Solutions Japan, Inc. and Dasan Vietnam Co., Ltd. shall not constitute  Collateral,   Investment Related Property  or  Pledged Interests  for any purpose hereunder or thereunder nor be subject to any Lien granted to Lender thereunder so long as, with respect to each such Subsidiary, the revenue of such Subsidiary does not exceed $3,000,000 during any fiscal year. 
  2.2        Section 6.13 of the Credit Agreements  .    Section 6.13   of the Credit Agreements is amended to read in its entirety as follows: 
   6.13      Material Contracts  .    Contemporaneously with the delivery of each Compliance Certificate pursuant to   Section 6.1  , provide Lender with copies of (a) each Material Contract of any Loan Party or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries entered into since the delivery of the previous Compliance Certificate, and (b) each material amendment or modification of any Material Contract of any Loan Party or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries entered into since the delivery of the previous Compliance Certificate.  Borrower shall maintain all Material Contracts of any Loan Party or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in full force and effect and shall not default in the payment or performance of its obligations thereunder, except in respect of a   bona fide   dispute as to such contract.  
  2.3        Section 7.7 of the Credit Agreements  .    Clauses (b)(i)   and   (ii)   of   Section 7.7   of the Credit Agreements are hereby amended to read in their entirety as follows: 
   (i)    any agreement, instrument, document, indenture, or other writing evidencing  or concerning Permitted Indebtedness other than (A) the Obligations in  

3 

accordance with this Agreement, (B) Permitted Intercompany Advances, and (C) Indebtedness permitted under   clauses (c)  ,   (e)  ,   (f)   and   (k)   of the definition of Permitted Indebtedness; 
  (ii)    any Material Contract of any Loan Party or its Restricted Subsidiary except to the extent that such amendment, modification, or change could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to be materially adverse to the interests of Lender; or  
  2.4        Section 7.14 of the Credit Agreements  .    Section 7.14   of the Credit Agreements is amended to read in its entirety as follows: 
   7.14      Limitation on Issuance of Stock  .  Except for the issuance or sale of (i) common stock or Permitted Preferred Stock by the Borrowers or the other Loan Parties and (ii) other Stock that is not Prohibited Preferred Stock by DASAN Zhone Solutions, Inc. as compensation to its employees, directors or consultants in the ordinary course of business, issue or sell or enter into any agreement or arrangement for the issuance and sale of any of their Stock;   provided   that, after giving effect to any issuance of Stock permitted under   clause (ii)   above, no such employee, director or consultant shall own more than 5% of the aggregate Stock of Dasan Zhone Solutions, Inc.  
  2.5        Section 7.15 of the Credit Agreements  .    Section 7.15   of the Credit Agreements is amended to read in its entirety as follows: 
   7.15      Consignments  .  Consign the Inventory of any Loan Party or its Restricted Subsidiaries or sell any such Inventory on bill and hold, sale or return, sale on approval, or other conditional terms of sale, except as set forth on   Schedule 7.15   to the Information Certificate.  
  2.6        Section 9.9 of the Credit Agreements  .    Section 9.9   of the Credit Agreements is hereby amended to read in its entirety as follows: 
   9.9    If the obligation of any Guarantor under a Guaranty is limited or terminated by operation of law or by such Guarantor (other than in accordance with the terms of this Agreement or the Guaranty), or if any Guarantor fails to perform any obligation under a Guaranty, or repudiates or revokes or purports to repudiate or revoke any obligation under a Guaranty, or any individual Guarantor dies or becomes incapacitated, or any other Guarantor ceases to exist for any reason;  
  2.7        Schedule 1.1 to the Credit Agreements  . 
  (a)        The following definition of    DNS Subsidiary    is hereby added in alphabetical order to   Schedule 1.1   to the Credit Agreements: 
      DNS Subsidiary    means any Subsidiary of DNS existing as of Seventh Amendment Effective Date. 

4 

(b)        The definition of    Guarantors    that appears in   Schedule 1.1   to the Credit Agreements is hereby amended to read in its entirety as follows: 
      Guarantors    means (a) Premisys Communications, Inc., a Delaware corporation, Zhone Technologies International, Inc., a Delaware corporation; Paradyne Networks, Inc., a Delaware corporation, Paradyne Corporation, a Delaware corporation, and DNS, and (b) each other Person that becomes a guarantor after the Closing Date pursuant to   Section 6.15   of this Agreement, and  Guarantor  means any one of them.  
  (c)        The definition of    Guaranty    that appears in   Schedule 1.1   to the Credit Agreements is hereby amended to read in its entirety as follows: 
      Guaranty    means any guaranty that may be executed and delivered from time to time by a Guarantor in favor of Lender in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Lender.  
  (d)        The following definition of     Restricted Subsidiary    is hereby added in alphabetical order to   Schedule 1.1   to the Credit Agreements: 
      Restricted Subsidiary    means any Subsidiary of a Loan Party other than a DNS Subsidiary. 
  (e)        The definition of    Permitted Indebtedness    that appears in   Schedule 1.1   to the Credit Agreements is amended by deleting the  and  at the end of   clause (i)   thereof, replacing the  .  at the end of   clause (j)   thereof with   and , and adding a new   clause (k)   at the end thereof to read in its entirety as follows: 
   (k)    Indebtedness of any DNS Subsidiary.    
  (f)        The definition of    Permitted Liens    that appears in   Schedule 1.1   to the Credit Agreements is amended by deleting the  and  at the end of   clause (h)   thereof, replacing the  .  at the end of   clause (i)   thereof with   and , and adding a new   clause (j)   at the end thereof to read in its entirety as follows: 
   (j)    Liens of any DNS Subsidiary.  
  (g)        The following definition of    Seventh Amendment Effective Date    is hereby added in alphabetical order to   Schedule 1.1   to the Credit Agreements: 
      Seventh Amendment Effective Date    means October 7, 2016. 
  2.8        Exhibit A to the Credit Agreements  .    Exhibit A   to the Credit Agreements is hereby replaced in its entirety with   Annex A   attached to this Amendment.    

5 

2.9        Exhibit D to the Credit Agreements  .   
  (a)        Clauses (b)  ,   (c)   and   (d)   of   Section 5.1   of   Exhibit D   to the Credit Agreements are amended to read in their entirety as follows: 
   (b)    Set forth on   Schedule 5.1(b) to the Information Certificate   is a complete and accurate description of the authorized capital Stock of each Loan Party, by class, and, as of the Closing Date, a description of the number of shares of each such class that are issued and outstanding.  Other than as described on   Schedule 5.1(b) to the Information Certificate   and other than Stock (that is not Prohibited Preferred Stock) issued by DASAN Zhone Solutions, Inc. as compensation to its employees, directors and consultants in the ordinary course of business, there are no subscriptions, options, warrants, or calls relating to any shares of any Loan Party s capital Stock, including any right of conversion or exchange under any outstanding security or other instrument.  No Loan Party is subject to any obligation (contingent or otherwise) to repurchase or otherwise acquire or retire any shares of its capital Stock or any security convertible into or exchangeable for any of its capital Stock. 
  (c)    Set forth on   Schedule 5.1(c) to the Information Certificate   (as such Schedule may be updated from time to time to reflect changes resulting from transactions permitted under this Agreement), is a complete and accurate list of the Loan Parties  direct and indirect Subsidiaries (excluding the Loan Parties themselves), showing: (i) the number of shares of each class of common and preferred Stock authorized for each of such Subsidiaries, and (ii) the number and the percentage of the outstanding shares of each such class owned directly or indirectly by each Loan Party.  All of the outstanding capital Stock of each such Subsidiary has been validly issued and is fully paid and non-assessable. 
  (d)    Except as set forth on   Schedule 5.1(c) to the Information Certificate   there are no subscriptions, options, warrants, or calls relating to any shares of any capital Stock of any Loan Party s Subsidiaries (excluding the Loan Parties themselves), including any right of conversion or exchange under any outstanding security or other instrument.  The Loan Party s Subsidiaries (excluding the Loan Parties themselves) are not subject to any obligation (contingent or otherwise) to repurchase or otherwise acquire or retire any shares of such Loan Party s Subsidiaries  capital Stock or any security convertible into or exchangeable for any such capital Stock.  
  (b)        Section 5.17   of   Exhibit D   to the Credit Agreements is amended to read in its entirety as follows: 
   5.17      Material Contracts  .  Set forth on   Schedule 5.17 to the Information Certificate   (as such Schedule may be updated from time to time in accordance herewith) is a reasonably detailed description of the Material Contracts of each Loan Party and its Restricted Subsidiaries as of the most recent date on which Borrowers provided their Compliance Certificate pursuant to   Section 6.1  ;   provided  ,   however  , that any Borrower may amend   Schedule 5.17 to the Information Certificate   to add additional Material  

6 

Contracts so long as such amendment occurs by written notice to Lender on the date that such Borrower provides its Compliance Certificate.  Except for matters which, either individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change, each Material Contract of each Loan Party and its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than those that have expired at the end of their normal terms) (a) is in full force and effect and is binding upon and enforceable against the applicable Loan Party or its Restricted Subsidiary and, to such Borrower s knowledge, after due inquiry, each other Person that is a party thereto in accordance with its terms, (b) has not been otherwise amended or modified (other than amendments or modifications permitted by   Section 7.7(b)  ), and (c) is not in default due to the action or inaction of the applicable Loan Party or its Restricted Subsidiary.  
  (c)        Clause (c)(v)   of   Section 5.26   of   Exhibit D   to the Credit Agreements is amended to read in its entirety as follows: 
   (v) to the extent required under   Section 6  , each Loan Party has delivered to and deposited with Lender all certificates representing the Pledged Interests owned by such Loan Party to the extent such Pledged Interests are represented by certificates, and undated powers (or other documents of transfer acceptable to Lender) endorsed in blank with respect to such certificates.  
  2.10        Exhibit E to the Credit Agreements  .  Each Information Certificate dated March 13, 2012 attached as   Exhibit E   to the applicable Credit Agreement (each, an    Existing Information Certificate   ) is hereby supplemented with the additional information attached hereto as   Annex B  , and such Existing Information Certificate, as so supplemented, shall constitute the Information Certificate for all purposes under the applicable Credit Agreement.   
  2.11        Schedule A-2 to the Credit Agreements  .    Schedule A-2   to the Credit Agreements is hereby replaced in its entirety with   Annex C   attached to this Amendment.    
  3.        No Other Changes  .  Except as explicitly amended by this Amendment or the other Loan Documents delivered in connection with this Amendment, all of the terms and conditions of the Credit Agreements and the other Loan Documents shall remain in full force and effect and shall apply to any advance or letter of credit thereunder.  This Amendment shall be deemed to be a  Loan Document  (as defined in the Credit Agreements). 
  4.        Amendment Fee  .  [Intentionally Omitted].  
  5.        Conditions Precedent  .  This Amendment shall be effective when Lender shall have received a duly executed original of this Amendment, together with each of the following, each in substance and form acceptable to Lender in its reasonable discretion and duly executed by all relevant parties: 
  5.1        A Pledged Interests Addendum by DNS relating to a pledge of 65% of the outstanding voting Stock of Dasan Network Solutions, Inc., a company incorporated under the laws of Korea, and related stock certificates and stock powers; 

7 

5.2        Such forms and verifications as reasonably requested by Lender prior to the date of this Amendment as Lender may need to comply with the Patriot Act and any other regulatory or internal policies applicable to or mandated by Lender; 
  5.3        A perfected first priority security interest in the Collateral of DNS (subject to Permitted Liens), other than the deposit accounts described on   Schedule 5.15   of the Information Certificate of DNS; 
  5.4        Certificates of Authority from the corporate secretaries of the Borrowers, Guarantors and DNS; and 
  5.5        The representations and warranties set forth in this Amendment must be true and correct. 
  6.        Post-Closing Covenant  .  By no later than January 31, 2017 (or such longer period as agreed to by Lender in its sole discretion), DNS shall close each deposit account described on   Schedule 5.15   of the Information Certificate of DNS (and transfer all funds remaining in such deposit accounts to one or more deposit accounts maintained at Lender).  The failure by DNS to comply with the foregoing covenant shall constitute an immediate Event of Default.   
  7.        Representations and Warranties  .  Borrowers, Guarantors and DNS hereby represent and warrant to Lender as follows: 
  7.1        Borrowers, Guarantors and DNS have all requisite power and authority to execute this Amendment     and any other agreements or instruments required hereunder and to perform all of their obligations hereunder, and this Amendment     and all such other agreements and instruments have been duly executed and delivered by Borrowers, Guarantors and DNS and constitute the legal, valid and binding obligation of Borrowers, Guarantors and DNS, enforceable against Borrowers, Guarantors and DNS in accordance with its terms, except as enforcement may be limited by equitable principles or by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws relating to or limiting creditors  rights generally. 
  7.2        The execution, delivery and performance by Borrowers, Guarantors and DNS of this Amendment     and any other agreements or instruments required hereunder have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of Borrowers, Guarantors and DNS and do not (i) require any authorization, consent or approval by any governmental department, commission, board, bureau, agency or instrumentality, domestic or foreign, other than authorizations, consents or approvals that have been obtained and are in full force and effect or as contemplated by   Section 4.2  , (ii) violate any material provision of any law, rule or regulation or of any order, writ, injunction or decree presently in effect, having applicability to Borrowers, Guarantors or DNS, or the certificates or articles of incorporation or by-laws of Borrowers, Guarantors or DNS, or (iii) result in a breach of or constitute a default under any indenture or loan or credit agreement or any other Material Contract to which Borrowers, Guarantors or DNS are a party or by which Borrowers, Guarantors and DNS or their respective properties may be bound or affected, except to the extent that any such breach or default could not individually or in the aggregate reasonably be expected to cause a Material Adverse Change. 

8 

7.3        All of the representations and warranties contained in   Section 5   and   Exhibit D   of the Credit Agreements are true and correct in all material respects on and as of the date hereof as though made on and as of such date, except to the extent that such representations and warranties relate solely to an earlier date (in which case such representations and warranties continue to be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date). 
  8.        References  .  All references in the Credit Agreements to  this Agreement  shall be deemed to refer to the Credit Agreements as amended hereby; and any and all references in the other Loan Documents to the Credit Agreements shall be deemed to refer to the Credit Agreements as amended hereby. 
  9.        No Waiver  .  The execution of this Amendment and the acceptance of all other agreements and instruments related hereto shall not be deemed to be a waiver of any Default or Event of Default under the Credit Agreements or a waiver of any breach, default or event of default under any Loan Document or other document held by Lender, whether or not known to Lender and whether or not existing on the date of this Amendment. 
  10.        Release  .  Borrowers, Guarantors and DNS hereby absolutely and unconditionally release and forever discharge Lender, and any and all participants, parent corporations, subsidiary corporations, affiliated corporations, insurers, indemnitors, successors and assigns thereof, together with all of the present and former directors, officers, agents, attorneys, and employees of any of the foregoing, from any and all claims, demands or causes of action of any kind, nature or description, whether arising in law or equity or upon contract or tort or under any state or federal law or otherwise, which Borrowers, Guarantors or DNS have had, now have or have made claim to have against any such person for or by reason of any act, omission, matter, cause or thing whatsoever arising from the beginning of time to and including the date of this Amendment, whether such claims, demands and causes of action are matured or unmatured or known or unknown.  It is the intention of the Borrowers, Guarantors and DNS in executing this release that the same shall be effective as a bar to each and every claim, demand and cause of action specified and in furtherance of this intention each of the Borrowers, Guarantors and DNS waives and relinquishes all rights and benefits under Section 1542 of the Civil Code of the State of California, which provides: 
   A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS WHICH THE CREDITOR DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE, WHICH IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER MIGHT HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR.  
  The parties acknowledge that each may hereafter discover facts different from or in addition to those now known or believed to be true with respect to such claims, demands, or causes of action and agree that this instrument shall be and remain effective in all respects notwithstanding any such differences or additional facts. 

9 

11.        Costs and Expenses  .  Borrowers agree to pay all reasonable out-of-pocket fees and disbursements of counsel to Lender for the services performed by such counsel in connection with the preparation of this Amendment and the documents and instruments incidental hereto.  Borrowers hereby agree that Lender may, at any time or from time to time in its sole discretion and without further authorization by Borrowers, make a loan to Borrowers under the Credit Agreements, or apply the proceeds of any loan, for the purpose of paying any such reasonable out-of-pocket fees, disbursements, costs and expenses. 
  12.        Miscellaneous  .  This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be deemed an original and all of which counterparts, taken together, shall constitute one and the same instrument.  Transmission by facsimile or  pdf  file of an executed counterpart of this Amendment shall be deemed to constitute due and sufficient delivery of such counterpart.  Any party hereto may request an original counterpart of any party delivering such electronic counterpart.  This Amendment and the rights and obligations of the parties hereto shall be construed in accordance with, and governed by, the laws of the State of California.  In the event of any conflict between this Amendment and the Credit Agreements, the terms of this Amendment shall govern. 
  [Signature Pages Follow] 

10 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed as of the date first above written. 

BORROWERS  : 
    
  DASAN ZHONE SOLUTIONS, INC. 
  By:   /s/ Kirk Misaka  _______________________  Name:  Kirk Misaka  Title:  Chief Financial Officer 

ZTI MERGER SUBSIDIARY III, INC. 
  By:   /s/ Kirk Misaka  _______________________  Name:  Kirk Misaka  Title:  Chief Financial Officer 
    
  [SIGNATURES CONTINUED ON NEXT PAGE] 

WFB/Zhone 
  Joinder and Seventh Amendment to   Credit and Security Agreements 
  S-1 

GUARANTORS  : 
    
  PREMISYS COMMUNICATIONS, INC. 
  By:   /s/ Kirk Misaka  _______________________  Name:  Kirk Misaka  Title:  Chief Financial Officer 
    
  ZHONE TECHNOLOGIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. 
  By:   /s/ Kirk Misaka  _______________________  Name:  Kirk Misaka  Title:  Chief Financial Officer 
    
  PARADYNE NETWORKS, INC. 
  By:   /s/ Kirk Misaka  _______________________  Name:  Kirk Misaka  Title:  Chief Financial Officer 
    
  PARADYNE CORPORATION 
  By:   /s/ Kirk Misaka  _______________________  Name:  Kirk Misaka  Title:  Chief Financial Officer 
    
  DNS  : 
    
  DASAN NETWORK SOLUTIONS, INC. 
  By:   /s/ Kirk Misaka  _______________________  Name:  Kirk Misaka  Title:  Chief Financial Officer 

WFB/Zhone 
  Joinder and Seventh Amendment to   Credit and Security Agreements 
  S-2 

LENDER  : 
  WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION        By:   /s/ Harry L. Joe  ______________________  Name:  Harry L. Joe  Title:  Authorized Signatory 

WFB/Zhone 
  Joinder and Seventh Amendment to   Credit and Security Agreements 
  S-3 

ANNEX A 
    
  EXHIBIT A 
    
  TO CREDIT AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 
  FORM OF COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 
    
  [on Borrower s letterhead] 

To:    Wells Fargo Bank, National Association 
  2450 Colorado Ave., Suite 3000W 
  Santa Monica, CA  90404 
  Attn:  Relationship Manager DASAN Zhone Solutions, Inc. 
    
  Re:    Compliance Certificate dated [          ]  , [___], 201[__] 
  Ladies and Gentlemen: 
  Reference is made to that certain   Credit and Security Agreement [(Ex-Im Subfacility)]   (the    Credit Agreement   ) dated as of March 13, 2012, by and among   WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION  , (   Lender   ), and   DASAN ZHONE SOLUTIONS, INC.,   and   ZTI MERGER SUBSIDIARY III, INC.   (the    Borrowers   ), and   PREMISYS COMMUNICATIONS, INC., ZHONE TECHNOLOGIES INTERNATIONAL, INC., PARADYNE NETWORKS, INC., and PARADYNE CORPORATION   (the    Guarantors   ).  Capitalized terms used in this Compliance Certificate have the meanings set forth in the Credit Agreement unless specifically defined herein. 
  Pursuant to   Schedule 6.1   of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned officer of DASAN Zhone Solutions, Inc., a Delaware corporation, hereby certifies, on behalf of itself and the other Borrowers and Guarantors, that: 
  1.    The financial information of Borrower and its Subsidiaries furnished to Lender pursuant to   Section 6.1   of the Credit Agreement has been prepared in accordance with GAAP (except for year-end adjustments and the lack of footnotes), and fairly presents in all material respects the financial condition of Borrower and its Subsidiaries. 
  2.    Such officer has reviewed the terms of the Credit Agreement and has made, or caused to be made under his/her supervision, a review in reasonable detail of the transactions and condition of Borrower and its Subsidiaries during the accounting period covered by the financial statements delivered pursuant to   Schedule 6.1   of the Credit Agreement. 
  3.    Such review has not disclosed the existence on and as of the date hereof, and the undersigned does not have knowledge of the existence as of the date hereof, of any event or condition that constitutes a Default or Event of Default. 

4.    The representations and warranties of Borrower and its Subsidiaries set forth in the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents are true and correct in all material respects on and as of the date hereof (except to the extent they relate to a specified date).  
  5.    Borrower and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with the applicable covenants contained in   Section 8   of the Credit Agreement as demonstrated on   Schedule 1   hereof. 
  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Compliance Certificate is executed by the undersigned this [_____] day of [_______________], 201[__]. 
  DASAN ZHONE SOLUTIONS, INC. 

By:                            
  Name:                              Title:                           

SCHEDULE 1 TO COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 
    
  Financial Covenants 

1.      Minimum Liquidity  .     
  Borrowers  Liquidity, as of ___________ ___, 201___ is $_____________, which   [does/does not]   satisfy the minimum Liquidity requirement set forth in   Section 8(a)   of the Credit Agreement for such test date. 
  2.      Minimum Excess Availability  .     
  Excess Availability under this Agreement plus Excess Availability under the [Ex-Im Credit Agreement/Domestic Credit Agreement], as of ___________ ___, 201___ is $_____________, which   [does/does not]   satisfy the minimum requirement set forth in   Section 8(b)   of the Credit Agreement for such test date. 
  3.      Minimum EBITDA  . 
  If, in accordance with   Section 8(c)   of the Credit Agreement, EBITDA is required to be tested, EBITDA, measured on a quarter-end basis for the ___ month period ending _________ ___, 20___, is $___________, which   [is/is not]   greater than or equal to the amount set forth in   Section 8(c)   of the Credit Agreement for the corresponding period. 
  4.      Minimum Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio  . 
  If, in accordance with   Section 8(d)   of the Credit Agreement, the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio is required to be tested, the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio for the twelve-month period ending _________ ___, 20___ is _____ to 1.0, which   [is/is not]   greater than or equal to required minimum Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio of 1.20 to 1.0 set forth in   Section 8(d)   of the Credit Agreement for such period. 

1    NOTE:  only those financial covenants that are to be tested as of the Reporting Date, as provided in Section 8 of the Credit Agreement, should be included on this Schedule 1. 
   2      NOTE:  select correct reference depending on whether this   Schedule 1   is being used in connection with a Compliance Certificate that is submitted for the Domestic Credit Agreement or the Ex-Im Credit Agreement. 

ANNEX B 
    
  Supplement to Information Certificate  
    
  [see attached] 
  
   Page 1 

ATTACHMENT TO EXHIBIT E 
    
  TO CREDIT AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 

INFORMATION CERTIFICATE 
  OF 
  DASAN NETWORK SOLUTIONS, INC. 
    
  Dated:  October 7, 2016 

Wells Fargo Bank, National Association 
  2450 Colorado Ave., Suite 3000W 
  Santa Monica, CA 90404 
  Attn:  Relationship Manager DASAN Zhone Solutions, Inc. 
    
  In connection with the execution of that certain Joinder and Seventh Amendment to Credit and Security Agreements by Dasan Network Solutions, Inc., a California corporation (   DNS   ), the Borrowers and other Guarantors party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (   Lender   ), DNS represents and warrants to Lender the following information about DNS and its Subsidiaries in connection with: (i) that certain Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of March 13, 2012 (as amended, restated, supplemented, renewed, extended or otherwise modified from time to time, the    Domestic Credit Agreement   ), by and among Lender and the Borrowers and Guarantors party thereto and (ii) that certain Credit and Security Agreement (Ex-Im Subfacility), dated as of March 13, 2012 (as amended, restated, supplemented, renewed, extended or otherwise modified from time to time, the    Ex-Im Credit Agreement    and, together with the Domestic Credit Agreement, collectively, the    Credit Agreements   ), by and among Lender and the Borrowers and Guarantors party thereto.  Capitalized terms not specifically defined shall have the meaning set forth in the Credit Agreements.   
    
           1. 
    Attached as   Schedule 5.1(b)   is a complete and accurate description of (i) the authorized capital Stock of DNS, by class and, as of the Seventh Amendment Effective Date, a description of the number of shares of each such class that are issued and outstanding, (ii) all subscriptions, options, warrants or calls relating to any shares of DNS  capital Stock, including any right of conversion or exchange under any outstanding security or other instrument; (iii) each stockholders  agreement, restrictive agreement, voting agreement or similar agreement relating to any such capital Stock; and (iv) an organization chart of DNS and its Subsidiaries. 
       
           2. 
    Attached as   Schedule 5.1(c)   is a complete and accurate list of (i) DNS  direct and indirect Subsidiaries, showing the number of shares of each class of common or preferred Stock authorized for each such Subsidiary and the number and percentage of outstanding shares, by class, that are owned, directly or indirectly, by DNS, as of the Seventh Amendment Effective Date, and (ii) all subscriptions, options, warrants or calls relating to any shares of any such Subsidiary s capital Stock, including any right of conversion or exchange under any outstanding security or other instrument.   
       
           3. 
    DNS uses the following trade name(s) in the operation of its business (e.g. billing, advertising, etc.): 
       
  None. 
    
           4. 
    DNS is a registered organization of the following type: 
       
  DASAN NETWORK SOLUTIONS, INC.   a California corporation 

Exhibit E 
  Page 2 

5. 
    The exact legal name (within the meaning of Section 9-503 of the Code) of DNS as set forth in its certificate of incorporation, organization or formation, or other public organic document, as amended to date, is set forth in   Schedule 5.6(a)  . 
       
           6. 
    DNS is organized solely under the laws of the State set forth on   Schedule 5.6(a)  .  DNS is in good standing in the State of its organization. 
       
           7. 
    The chief executive office and mailing address of DNS is located at the address set forth on   Schedule 5.6(b)   hereto. 
       
           8. 
    The books and records of DNS (if any) pertaining to Accounts, contract rights, Inventory, and other assets are located at the addresses specified on   Schedule 5.6(b)  .  
       
           9. 
    The identity and Federal Employer Identification Number of DNS and organizational identification number, if any, is set forth on   Schedule 5.6(c)  .  
       
           10. 
    DNS does not have any Commercial Tort Claims, except as set forth on   Schedule 5.6(d)  .  
       
           11. 
    There are no judgments, actions, suits, proceedings or other litigation pending by or against or threatened by or against DNS, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers or principals, in each case as of the Seventh Amendment Effective Date, except as set forth on   Schedule 5.7(b)  .  
       
           12. 
    During the past five (5) years, the name as set forth in DNS  organizational documentation filed of record with the applicable state authority has been changed as follows: 
       
  Dasan Network Solutions, Inc. has changed its name from Dasan Networks USA, Inc. to Dasan Solutions, Inc. on February 6, 2015, and from Dasan Solutions, Inc. to Dasan Network Solutions, Inc. on July 13, 2015.  
    
           13. 
    Since the date of its organization, DNS has made or entered into the following Acquisitions: 
          
  In 2015, DASAN s communications network equipment businesses were spun off and incorporated as Dasan Network Solutions, Inc., a company incorporated under the laws of Korea (   DNS Korea   ), which subsequently became a subsidiary of DNS. 
    
  In December 2015, DNS acquired a 69.06% interest in Dasan Network Solutions Japan, Inc. 
    
  On September 9, 2016, Dragon Acquisition Corporation merged with and into DNS, with DNS as the surviving corporation. 
    
           14. 
    DNS  assets are owned and held free and clear of Liens (other than Permitted Liens and other than those certain Security Interests granted under the Credit Agreement), except as set forth below:     
     None.  
    
           15. 
    DNS and its Subsidiaries have been and remain in compliance with all Environmental Laws applicable to their business or operations except as set forth on   Schedule 5.12  .  
       
           16. 
    DNS does not have any Deposit Accounts, investment accounts, Securities Accounts or similar accounts with any bank, securities intermediary or other financial institution, except as set forth on   Schedule 5.15   for the purposes and of the types indicated therein.  
       
           17. 
    DNS is not a party to or bound by a collective bargaining or similar agreement with any union, labor organization or other bargaining agent except as set forth below: (indicate date of agreement, parties to agreement, description of employees covered, and date of termination) 
     
   Exhibit E 
  Page 3 

None. 
    
           18. 
    Set forth on   Schedule 5.17   is a reasonably detailed description of each Material Contract of DNS as of the Seventh Amendment Effective Date.   

19. 
    Set forth on   Schedule 5.19   is a true and complete list of all Indebtedness of DNS and its Subsidiaries outstanding as of September 30, 2016.  DNS has no Indebtedness outstanding as of the Seventh Amendment Effective Date.  
       
           20. 
    DNS has not made any loans or advances or guaranteed or otherwise become liable for the obligations of any others (other than pursuant to a Guaranty), except as set forth below: 
       
  None.  
    
           21. 
    DNS does not have any Chattel Paper (whether tangible or electronic) or instruments as of the Seventh Amendment Effective Date, except as follows: 
       
  None.  
    
           23. 
    Schedule 5.26(a)   sets forth all Real Property owned by DNS as of the Seventh Amendment Effective Date.    
       
           22. 
    DNS does not own or licenses any Trademarks, Patents, Copyrights or other Intellectual Property, and is not a party to any Intellectual Property License, in each case as of the Seventh Amendment Effective Date, except as set forth on   Schedule 5.26(b)   (indicate type of Intellectual Property and whether owned or licensed, registration number, date of registration, and, if licensed, the name and address of the licensor).  
       
           24. 
    The Inventory, Equipment and other goods of DNS are located only at the locations set forth on   Schedule 5.29  .  
       
           25. 
    DNS maintains Cash Management Services of a type and on terms reasonably satisfactory to Lender at one or more of the banks set forth on   Schedule 6.12(j)  .  
       
           26. 
    As of the Seventh Amendment Effective Date, DNS has no delinquent taxes due (including, but not limited to, all payroll taxes, personal property taxes, real estate taxes or income taxes) except as follows:   
       
  None. 
    
           27. 
    Except as set forth on   Schedule 7.15  , DNS has no consignment, bill and hold, sale or return, sale on approval or conditional sale arrangements.  

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 

Exhibit E 
  Page 4 

Lender shall be entitled to rely upon the foregoing in all respects and the undersigned is duly authorized to execute and deliver this Information Certificate on behalf of each Loan Party. 
    
  Very truly yours, 
    
  DASAN NETWORK SOLUTIONS, INC. 

By:  /s/ Kirk Misaka  _______________________ 
  Name: Kirk Misaka 
  Title:   Chief Financial Officer 

Exhibit E 
  Page 4 

Schedule 5.1(b) 
  TO INFORMATION CERTIFICATE 
    
  Capitalization of DNS 
  Organization Chart 
    
  (i):  
                       Loan Party 
      
  Authorized Shares/Issued Shares 
    Holder 
    Type of Rights/Stock  
  (common/preferred/option/ class) 
    Percent Interest (on a fully diluted basis) 
      DASAN NETWORK SOLUTIONS, INC. 
    100/10 
    DASAN Zhone Solutions, Inc. 
    Common 
    100% 

(ii):    None.  
    
  (iii):    None.  
    
  (iv):     

Schedule 5.1(b) 
  Page 1 

Schedule 5.1(c) 
  TO INFORMATION CERTIFICATE 
    
  Subsidiaries 
    
  (i) 

(ii)    None.  

Schedule 5.1(c) 
  Page 1 

Schedule 5.6(a) 
  TO INFORMATION CERTIFICATE 

Exact Legal Name  
    
  Dasan Network Solutions, Inc. 

Jurisdiction of Organization 

Name 
    Jurisdiction of Organization      
      DASAN NETWORK SOLUTIONS, INC. 
    California 

Schedule 5.6(b) 
  Page 1 

Schedule 5.6(b) 
  TO INFORMATION CERTIFICATE 
    Locations 

Part 1 - Chief Executive Office and Mailing Address of DNS 
    
  7195 Oakport Street  Oakland, California  94621 

Part 2 - Location of Books and Records of DNS 
    
  7195 Oakport Street  Oakland, California  94621 

Schedule 5.6(b) 
  Page 2 

Schedule 5.6(c) 
  TO INFORMATION CERTIFICATE 
    
  Federal Employer Identification Number 
  Organizational Identification Number 

. 
  
   Schedule 5.6(c) 
  Page 1 

Schedule 5.6(d) 
  TO INFORMATION CERTIFICATE 
    
  Commercial Tort Claims 
    
  None. 

Schedule 5.6(d) 
  Page 1 

Schedule 5.7(b) 
  TO INFORMATION CERTIFICATE 
    Judgments/ Pending Litigation 

None. 

Schedule 5.7(b) 
  Page 1 

Schedule 5.12 
  TO INFORMATION CERTIFICATE 
    
  Environmental Compliance 

None. 

Schedule 5.7(b) 
  Page 2 

Schedule 5.15 
  TO INFORMATION CERTIFICATE 
    
  Deposit Accounts; Investment Accounts 

Part 1 - Deposit Accounts  

(1) The aggregate account balance for the accounts listed above as of September 30, 2016 was less than $300,000.   
    
  Part 2 - Investment and Other Accounts  
    
  None. 

* 
    For  Purpose  indicate either:  collection account  if proceeds of receivables or other assets are deposited in it, and note  lockbox  if it is subject to lockbox servicing arrangements with the applicable bank or  disbursement account  if it is a checking account or account used for transferring funds to third parties and note if it is used for a specific purpose, e.g.,  payroll ,  medical ,  insurance ,  escrow  etc.  Also, please note any  zero balance  or other automatic sweep or investment accounts. 

Schedule 5.15 
  Page 1 

Schedule 5.17 
  TO INFORMATION CERTIFICATE 
    Material Contracts  

None. 

Schedule 5.17 
  Page 1 

Schedule 5.19 
  TO INFORMATION CERTIFICATE 
    Existing Indebtedness 

(1) Although facility size is denominated in USD, DNS Korea may borrow in other currencies. 
  
   Schedule 5.7(b) 
  Page 1 

Schedule 5.26(a) 
  TO INFORMATION CERTIFICATE 
    
  Owned Real Estate 
    
  None.  

Schedule 5.26(a) 
  Page 1 

Schedule 5.26(b) 
  TO INFORMATION CERTIFICATE 
    Intellectual Property  

None. 

Schedule 5.26 
  Page 1 

Schedule 5.29 
  TO INFORMATION CERTIFICATE 
    
  Locations of Inventory and Equipment 
    
  Locations of Inventory, Equipment and Other Assets 

(1) Kansas location currently contains office furniture and demo equipment. 
  (2) Atlanta warehouse currently contains approximately $400,000 of inventory which is in the process of being moved to DASAN Zhone Solutions, Inc. s facility in Largo, Florida. 

*  Indicate in this column next to applicable address whether the locations is owned by the Company, leased by the Company or owned and operated by a third party (e.g., warehouse, processor, consignee, etc.) 

Schedule 5.29 

Schedule 6.12(j) 
  TO INFORMATION CERTIFICATE 
    
  Collection Account Bank 

See Schedule 5.15 to Information Certificate. 

Schedule 6.12(j) 
  Page 1 

Schedule 7.15 
  TO INFORMATION CERTIFICATE  
    
  Consignment, Bill and Hold, Sale or Return, Sale on Approval or Conditional Sale Arrangements 
  None. 

Schedule 7.15 
  Page 1 
  US-DOCS\70943621.7 

Schedule 7.16 
  TO INFORMATION CERTIFICATE  
    
  Inventory With Bailee, Warehouseman, Processor, etc. 
    
  None. 

ANNEX C 
    
  Schedule A-2 
    
  TO CREDIT AND SECURITY AGREEMENT  
    
  Authorized Person 
    
  NAME                        TITLE 
                 Kirk Misaka 
    Chief Financial Officer 
      James Norrod 
    Co-Chief Executive Officer 
      Katheryn Root 
    Assistant Controller 

</EX-10.15>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 exhibit3119302016.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
  CERTIFICATION OF CO-CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
  PURSUANT TO 
  RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) 
  I, James Norrod, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of DASAN Zhone Solutions, Inc.; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
       
           3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
       
           4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
       
           (a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              (b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              (c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              (d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
       
           (a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              (b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
     Date: November 14, 2016 

/s/    JAMES NORROD 
        
    James Norrod 
        
    Co-Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 exhibit3129302016.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
  CERTIFICATION OF CO-CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
  PURSUANT TO 
  RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) 
  I, Il Yung Kim, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of DASAN Zhone Solutions, Inc.; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
       
           3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
       
           4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
       
           (a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              (b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              (c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              (d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
       
           (a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              (b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
     Date: November 14, 2016 

/s/    IL YUNG KIM 
        
    Il Yung Kim 
        
    Co-Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-31.3>
 7
 exhibit3139302016.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.3

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.3 
  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
  PURSUANT TO 
  RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) 
  I, Kirk Misaka, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of DASAN Zhone Solutions, Inc.; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
       
           3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
       
           4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              (a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              (b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              (c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              (d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
       
           (a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              (b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
     Date: November 14, 2016 

/s/    KIRK MISAKA 
        
    Kirk Misaka 
        
    Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.3>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 exhibit3219302016.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 
  SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATION 
  Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, James Norrod and Il Yung Kim, Co-Chief Executive Officers of DASAN Zhone Solutions, Inc. (the  Company ), and Kirk Misaka, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, each hereby certify that, to their knowledge: 
            2. 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
     Date: November 14, 2016 
    
                       /s/    JAMES NORROD 
      
    /s/    IL YUNG KIM 
      
    /s/    KIRK MISAKA 
      James Norrod 
      
    Il Yung Kim 
      
    Kirk Misaka 
      Co-Chief Executive Officer 
      
    Co-Chief Executive Officer 
      
    Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 9
 zhne-20160923.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 zhne-20160923.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 zhne-20160923_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 zhne-20160923_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 zhne-20160923_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 zhne-20160923_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

