<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161014_10-K-A_edgar_data_1571919_0001078782-16-003626_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>574090</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>119966</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>294711</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>128991</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>8</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>4</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001078782-16-003626.hdr.sgml : 20161014
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161013215312
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001078782-16-003626
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K/A
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		6
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20150930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161014
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161013

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SBH ASSOCIATES, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001571919
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MANAGEMENT CONSULTING SERVICES [8742]
		IRS NUMBER:				462236047
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K/A
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-187245
		FILM NUMBER:		161935887

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		885 WOODSTOCK ROAD, SUITE 430-180
		CITY:			ROSWELL
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30075
		BUSINESS PHONE:		404-720-5664

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		885 WOODSTOCK ROAD, SUITE 430-180
		CITY:			ROSWELL
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30075

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001078782-16-003626.txt : 20161014

10-K/A
 1
 f10ka093015_10kz.htm
 FORM 10-K/A AMENDED ANNUAL REPORT

Form 10-K/A Amended Annual Report 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
   
  Form 10-K, Amendment #1  
   
 (Mark One) 
   
    X   .  
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
   
 For the calendar year ended September 30, 2015 
   
          .  TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15 (d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  
   
 For the transition period from _______ to _______ 
   
 Commission file number 333-143602 

SBH ASSOCIATES, INC.  
  
   (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 

Registrant s Telephone Number:  (404) 720-5664  
   
 Securities registered under Section 12(b) of the Act: Common Stock par value $.001 per share 
   
 Securities registered under Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 None 
   
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act   Yes            .   No      X   .  
   
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes           .  No     X   .  
   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.   Yes     X   .  No           .  
   
 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.     X   .  
   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definition of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer,  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Check one: 
   
 Large accelerated filer           .    Accelerated filer           .    Non-accelerated filer           .    Smaller reporting company     X   .  
   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).   Yes            .   No      X   .  

The number of shares outstanding of each of the Registrant s classes of common stock, as of December 31, 2015 is 90,250,000 shares, all of one class, $.001 par value per share.   
   
 The Registrant s common stock has not traded on the OTCQB or elsewhere and, accordingly, there is no aggregate  market value  to be indicated for such shares.  The  value  of the outstanding shares held by non-affiliates, based upon the book value as of December 31, 2015 was $-0-  .  
   
  DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE  

2 

SBH ASSOCIATES, INC.   
   
   TABLE OF CONTENTS   

PART I  

ITEM 1 
   BUSINESS 
   4 

ITEM 1A 
   RISK FACTORS  
   6 

ITEM 1B 
   UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
   15 

ITEM 2 
   PROPERTIES 
   15 

ITEM 3 
   LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
   15 

ITEM 4 
   MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
   15 

PART II  

ITEM 5 
   MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
   15 

ITEM 6 
   SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 
   16 

ITEM 7 
   MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
   17 

ITEM 7A 
    QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
   19 

ITEM 8 
   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
   19 

ITEM 9 
   CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
   19 

ITEM 9A 
   CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
   19 

ITEM 9B 
   OTHER INFORMATION 
   20 

PART III  

ITEM 10 
   DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
   21 

ITEM 11 
   EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
   23 

ITEM 12 
   SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
   24 

ITEM 13 
   CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
   24 

ITEM 14 
   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
   25 

PART IV  

ITEM 15 
   EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
   25 

3 

PART I  
   
  Explanatory Note  
   
 This Annual Report includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the  Exchange Act ). These statements are based on management's beliefs and assumptions, and on information currently available to management. Forward-looking statements include the information concerning possible or assumed future results of operations of the Company set forth under the heading  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.  Forward-looking statements also include statements in which words such as  expect,   anticipate,    intend,    plan,   believe,   estimate,    consider  or similar expressions are used. 
   
 Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. They involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. The Company's future results and shareholder values may differ materially from those expressed in these forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned not to put undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. 
     
  Item 1.  
  BUSINESS  
   
 We qualify as an  emerging growth company  under the JOBS Act. As a result, we are permitted to, and intend to, rely on exemptions from certain disclosure requirements. For so long as we are an emerging growth company, we will not be required to: 

have an auditor report on our internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; 

comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements (i.e., an auditor discussion and analysis); 

submit certain executive compensation matters to shareholder advisory votes, such as  say-on-pay  and  say-on-frequency;  and 

disclose certain executive compensation related items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the CEO s compensation to median employee compensation. 
   
 In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We have elected to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. Our financial statements may therefore not be comparable to those of companies that comply with such new or revised accounting standards. 
   
 We will remain an  emerging growth company  for up to five years, or until the earliest of 

the last day of the first fiscal year in which our total annual gross revenues exceed $1 billion, 

the date that we become a  large accelerated filer  as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, which would occur if the market value of our ordinary shares that is held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of the last business day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter, or 

the date on which we have issued more than $1 billion in non-convertible debt during the preceding three-year period. 
   
  Background and Recent Developments  
   
 SBH Associates, Inc. ( SBH ,  we  or the  Company ) was founded in 2012 and was incorporated as a C corporation under the laws of the State of Nevada on December 28, 2012. 

4 

In May 2014, the Company engaged Mary Merritt as its new president. Ms. Merritt introduced a new business plan for the Company based on the introduction of products using geo-location technology. Ms. Merritt was unable to raise sufficient financing to develop and bring her products to market.Therefore, on December 17, 2015, we entered into a Share Exchange Agreement (the  Exchange Agreement ) by and among (i) SBH, (ii) Beecham Group, LLC, a Georgia company ( Beecham ), and (iii) the shareholders of Beecham, pursuant to which the holders of 100% of the outstanding common stock of Beecham transferred to us all of the common stock of Beecham in exchange for the issuance of 60,000,000 shares (the  Shares ) of our common stock and 1,000,000 newly-issued shares of preferred stock (such transaction, the  Share Exchange ). This transaction closed concurrently with the filing of SBH s Current Report on Form 8-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission. As a result of the Share Exchange, Beecham became our wholly-owned subsidiary. We are now a holding company with all of our operations conducted through Beecham, which primarily consist of construction of custom luxury homes in the areas around Atlanta, GA, as more fully discussed herein. As part of this transaction, Mary Merritt returned 65,750,000 shares held by her to the Company. 
   
 The acquisition was accounted for as a reverse acquisition and recapitalization of Beecham. Beecham is the acquirer for accounting and financial reporting purposes, and SBH is the issuer. Accordingly, Beecham's historical financial statements for periods prior to the acquisition become those of the acquirer retroactively restated for the equivalent number of shares issued in the merger. Operations reported prior to the merger date are solely those of Beecham. No SBH operating results from prior to the merger date are included. Earnings per share for the periods prior to the merger are retroactively restated to reflect the equivalent number of shares outstanding. 
   
 The assets and liabilities of Beecham have been brought forward at their book value, and no goodwill has been recognized. Certain corporate-related liabilities such as accrued professional fees were carried over from SBH. 
   
 After the execution of the Exchange Agreement, the principals of Beecham held the following percentages of our outstanding common shares: 

Each of the three Beechams holds one-third of the newly-issued 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock. The preferred shares will be issued in early January. 
   
  Operations of Beecham  
   
 Beecham was incorporated in Georgia in May 2014. In effect, it is the successor to Beecham Builders, LLC which operated from 1998 through 2008 when it ceased operations during the economic recession which severely impacted home builders. Beecham Builders, LLC satisfied all obligations at the time that its operations ceased. During its period of operations, it constructed more than 100 luxury homes and developed Montaluce Winery and Estates, a 400 acre mixed use development centered on a food and wine culture. 
   
 In 2014, when the economy as it related to homebuilding improved, the Beecham family decided to restart its homebuilding and established Beecham. Beecham is a custom builder of luxury homes in the Atlanta area. Its homes generally have a cost in excess of $1,000,000. Construction projects are generally referred to Beecham by architects. The typical procedures when engaged for a construction project are: 

Engage contractors to do the actual construction under the supervision of Beecham. All contractors used are known to Beecham from prior jobs. 

Meet with the customer to agree on appliances and similar items. 

Enter into an agreement which typically requires a 10% down payment and monthly billings for incurred costs during construction. 

5 

Projects typically take 14 months to complete. The down payment and monthly billing limit Beecham s cash risks. Typically, new construction projects result in 10% to 15% profits and remodeling projects result in 20% profits. 
   
 At December 15, 2015, Beecham had executed contracts for approximately $1,400,000 relating to projects to be worked on in 2016 and is negotiating for numerous other contracts. The Company also entered into an agreement with another company whereby the other company agreed to purchase land in Alpharetta, GA on which the Company will build and sell condominiums. When the condominiums are sold the collective proceeds will be used to pay all of the Company s direct and indirect construction costs and the other company s cost for the land (estimated to approximate $540,000). After all costs are covered, profits, if any, will be split equally by the two parties. 
   
  Competition and Marketing  
   
 Approximately 80% of home building in the Atlanta area is done by national companies and 20% by local builders. There are few contractors specializing in luxury homes with prices in excess of $1,000,000. 
   
 The management members of Beecham have lengthy associations with architects who design luxury homes. Referrals by these architects are a principal source of business. The Beecham name has been featured as the exclusive builder for four  Home for the Holidays  and two  Atlanta Symphony Decorator's Show Homes . Beecham projects have also been featured in  Atlanta Homes and Lifestyles, Veranda, The New York Times, Wall Street Journal  and numerous other publications and websites. Our current company, Beecham, is in a position to take advantage of the widespread recognition of our name. 
   
  Employees  
   
 Beecham has three employees: Harry A. Beecham, Michael R. Beecham and Brent A. Beecham. Harry A. Beecham is the father of Michael R. Beecham and Brent A. Beecham. There are no employee contracts currently in place but may be executed in the future when and if revenues increase. All construction work in undertaken by contractors supervised by the Beechams. 
       
  Item 1A.  
  RISK FACTORS  
   
 You should be aware that there are various risks to an investment in our common stock.  You should carefully consider these risk factors, together with all of the other information included in this Form 10-K, before you decide to invest in shares of our common stock. 
     
 If any of the following risks develop into actual events, then our business, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects could be materially adversely affected. If that happens, the market price of our common stock, if any, could decline, and investors may lose all or part of their investment. 
     
   Risks Related to the Business   
   
   SBH is an early stage company and has limited financial resources. Our independent registered auditors  report includes an explanatory paragraph stating that there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern   .  
   
 SBH is an early stage company with a business plan but no financial resources. Our independent registered auditors included an explanatory paragraph in their opinion on our financial statements as of and for the fiscal period ended September 30, 2015 that states that this lack of resources causes substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. No assurances can be given that we will generate sufficient revenue or obtain necessary financing to continue as a going concern. 

6 

Our home sales and operating revenues could decline due to macro-economic and other factors outside of our control, such as changes in consumer confidence, declines in employment levels and increases in the quantity and decreases in the price of new homes and resale homes in the market.   
   
 Changes in national and regional economic conditions, as well as local economic conditions where we conduct our operations and where prospective purchasers of our homes live, may result in more caution on the part of homebuyers and, consequently, fewer home purchases. These economic uncertainties involve, among other things, conditions of supply and demand in local markets and changes in consumer confidence and income, employment levels and government regulations. These risks and uncertainties could periodically have an adverse effect on consumer demand and the pricing of our homes, which could cause our operating revenues to decline. Additional reductions in our revenues could, in turn, further negatively affect the market price of our securities. 
   
   The homebuilding industry is cyclical. A severe downturn in the industry, as recently experienced, could adversely affect our business, results of operations and stockholders' equity.   
   
 During periods of downturn in the industry, housing markets across the United States may experience an oversupply of both new and resale home inventory, an increase in foreclosures, reduced levels of consumer demand for new homes, increased cancellation rates, aggressive price competition among homebuilders and increased incentives for home sales. In the event of a downturn, we may temporarily experience a material reduction in revenues and margins. Continued weakness in the homebuilding market could adversely affect our business, results of operations and stockholders' equity as compared to prior periods and could result in additional inventory impairments in the future. 
   
   We are dependent on the continued availability and satisfactory performance of our subcontractors, which, if unavailable, could have a material adverse effect on our business.   
   
 We conduct our land development and construction operations only as a general contractor. Virtually all land development and construction work is performed by unaffiliated third-party subcontractors. As a consequence, we depend on the continued availability of and satisfactory performance by these subcontractors for the development of our land and construction of our homes. There may not be sufficient availability of and satisfactory performance by these unaffiliated third-party subcontractors in the markets in which we operate. In addition, inadequate subcontractor resources could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
   
   A substantial increase in mortgage interest rates, the unavailability of mortgage financing or a change in tax laws regarding the deductibility of mortgage interest may reduce consumer demand for our homes.   
     
 Substantially all purchasers of our homes finance their acquisition with mortgage financing. Housing demand is adversely affected by reduced availability of mortgage financing and factors that increase the upfront or monthly cost of financing a home such as increases in interest rates, insurance premiums, or limitations on mortgage interest deductibility. The recent decrease in the willingness and ability of lenders to make home mortgage loans, the tightening of lending standards and the limitation of financing product options, have made it more difficult for homebuyers to obtain acceptable financing. Any substantial increase in mortgage interest rates or unavailability of mortgage financing may adversely affect the ability of prospective first-time and move-up homebuyers to obtain financing for our homes, as well as adversely affect the ability of prospective move-up homebuyers to sell their current homes. A disruption in the credit markets and/or the curtailed availability of mortgage financing may adversely affect, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows as it has in the past few years. 
   
   We are subject to extensive government regulation which could cause us to incur significant liabilities or restrict our business activities.   
   
 Regulatory requirements could cause us to incur significant liabilities and operating expenses and could restrict our business activities. We are subject to local, state and federal statutes and rules regulating, among other things, certain developmental matters, building and site design, and matters concerning the protection of health and the environment. Our operating expenses may be increased by governmental regulations such as building permit allocation ordinances and impact and other fees and taxes, which may be imposed to defray the cost of providing certain governmental services and improvements. Other governmental regulations, such as building moratoriums and  no growth  or  slow growth  initiatives, which may be adopted in communities which have developed rapidly, may cause delays in new home communities or otherwise restrict our business activities resulting in reductions in our revenues. Any delay or refusal from government agencies to grant us necessary licenses, permits and approvals could have an adverse effect on our operations. 

7 

We may be subject to significant potential liabilities as a result of construction defect, product liability and warranty claims made against us.   
   
 As a homebuilder, we are subject to construction defect, product liability and home warranty claims, including moisture intrusion and related claims, arising in the ordinary course of business. These claims are common to the homebuilding industry and can be costly. 
   
 With respect to certain general liability exposures, including construction defect claims, product liability claims and related claims, interpretation of underlying current and future trends, assessment of claims and the related liability and reserve estimation process is highly judgmental due to the complex nature of these exposures, with each exposure exhibiting unique circumstances. Furthermore, once claims are asserted for construction defects, it can be difficult to determine the extent to which the assertion of these claims will expand geographically. Although we have obtained insurance for construction defect claims subject to applicable self-insurance retentions, such policies may not be available or adequate to cover liability for damages, the cost of repairs, and/or the expense of litigation surrounding current claims, and future claims may arise out of events or circumstances not covered by insurance and not subject to effective indemnification agreements with our subcontractors. 
   
   Many of our potential competitors have significantly greater financial and marketing resources than do we.   
   
 Many of our potential competitors have significantly greater financial and marketing resources than do we. Many of these potential competitors have sophisticated management, are in a position to purchase inventory at the lowest prices and have the ability to advertise in a wide variety of media, including television. There are no assurances that our brand will be successful. 
   
   We are and will continue to be completely dependent on the services of our principal officers Harry A., Michael R. and Brent A. Beecham, the loss of whose services may cause our business operations to fail, and we will need to engage and retain qualified employees and consultants to further implement our strategy.   
   
 Our current operations and business strategy are completely dependent upon the knowledge and business connections of Harry A., Michael R. and Brent A. Beecham. They are under no contractual obligation to remain employed by us. If any or all of them should choose to leave us for any reason or if one or more becomes ill and is unable to work for an extended period of time before we have hired additional personnel, our operations will likely fail. Even if we are able to find additional personnel, it is uncertain whether we could find someone who could develop our business along the lines described herein. We will fail without the services of the Beechams or an appropriate replacement(s). 
   
 We intend to acquire key-man life insurance on the life of Michael R. and Brent A. Beecham naming SBH as the beneficiary when and if we obtain the resources to do so and if each is insurable. We have not yet procured such insurance, and there is no guarantee that we will be able to obtain such insurance in the future. Accordingly, it is important that we are able to attract, motivate and retain highly qualified and talented personnel and independent contractors. 
   
   We intend to become subject to the periodic reporting requirements of the Exchange Act that will require us to incur audit fees and legal fees in connection with the preparation of such reports. These additional costs could reduce or eliminate our ability to earn a profit.   
   
 We are required to file periodic reports with the SEC pursuant to the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. In order to comply with these requirements, our independent registered public accounting firm will have to review our financial statements on a quarterly basis and audit our financial statements on an annual basis. Moreover, our legal counsel will have to review and assist in the preparation of such reports. The costs charged by these professionals for such services cannot be accurately predicted at this time because factors such as the number and type of transactions that we engage in and the complexity of our reports cannot be determined at this time and will have a major effect on the amount of time to be spent by our auditors and attorneys. However, the incurrence of such costs will obviously be an expense to our operations and thus have a negative effect on our ability to meet our overhead requirements and earn a profit. If we cannot provide reliable financial reports or prevent fraud, our business and operating results could be harmed, investors could lose confidence in our reported financial information, and the trading price of our common stock, if a market ever develops, could drop significantly. 

8 

Our internal controls may be inadequate, which could cause our financial reporting to be unreliable and lead to misinformation being disseminated to the public.   
   
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. As defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f), internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the principal executive and principal financial officer and effected by the board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that: 

pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; 

provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and/or directors of the Company; and 

provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
   
 Our internal controls may become inadequate or ineffective if our operations grow, which could cause our financial reporting to be unreliable and lead to misinformation being disseminated to the public. Investors relying upon this misinformation may make an uninformed investment decision. 
   
   Risks Related to Our Common Stock   
   
   Shareholders may be diluted significantly through our efforts to obtain financing and satisfy obligations through issuance of additional shares of our common stock.   
   
 We have no committed source of financing. Wherever possible, our board of directors will attempt to use non-cash consideration to satisfy obligations. In many instances, we believe that the non-cash consideration will consist of restricted shares of our common stock. Our board of directors has authority, without action or vote of the shareholders, to issue all or part of the authorized but unissued shares. In addition, if a trading market develops for our common stock, we may attempt to raise capital by selling shares of our common stock, possibly at a discount to market. These actions will result in dilution of the ownership interests of existing shareholders may further dilute common stock book value, and that dilution may be material. 
   
   The interests of shareholders may be hurt because we can issue shares of our common stock to individuals or entities that support existing management with such issuances serving to enhance existing management s ability to maintain control of our Company.   
   
 Our president owns a significant majority of outstanding shares. In addition, our board of directors has authority, without action or vote of the shareholders, to issue all or part of the authorized but unissued common shares. Such issuances may be issued to parties or entities committed to supporting existing management and the interests of existing management which may not be the same as the interests of other shareholders. Although transactions, other than those described in this prospectus, are not currently being contemplated or discussed, our ability to issue shares without shareholder approval serves to enhance existing management s ability to maintain control of our Company or participate in other transactions, including entering into possible business combinations, without the support of other shareholders. 
   
   Our chief executive officer controls all corporate activities and can approve all transactions, including mergers, without the approval of other shareholders.   
   
 Our chief executive officer has a sufficient number of shares to control all corporate activities and can approve transactions, including possible mergers, issuance of shares and her compensation level, without the approval of other shareholders. Her decisions may not be in the best interests of other shareholders. 

9 

Our articles of incorporation provide for indemnification of officers and directors at our expense and limit their liability that may result in a major cost to us and hurt the interests of our shareholders because corporate resources may be expended for the benefit of officers and/or directors.   
   
 Our Articles of Incorporation at Article XI provide for indemnification as follows:  No director or officer of the Corporation shall be personally liable to the Corporation or any of its stockholders for damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director or officer; provided, however, that the foregoing provision shall not eliminate or limit the liability of a director or officer: (i) for acts or omissions which involve intentional misconduct, fraud or knowing violation of law; or (ii) the payment of dividends in violation of Section 78.300 of the Nevada Revised Statutes. Any repeal or modification of an Article by the stockholders of the Corporation shall be prospective only, and shall not adversely affect any limitation of the personal liability of a director or officer of the Corporation for acts or omissions prior to such repeal or modification.  
   
 We have been advised that, in the opinion of the SEC, indemnification for liabilities arising under federal securities laws is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act of 1933 and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification for liabilities arising under federal securities laws, other than the payment by us of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding, is asserted by a director, officer or controlling person in connection with our activities, we will (unless in the opinion of our counsel, the matter has been settled by controlling precedent) submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction, the question whether indemnification by us is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. The legal process relating to this matter if it were to occur is likely to be very costly and may result in us receiving negative publicity, either of which factors is likely to materially reduce the market and price for our shares, if such a market ever develops. 
   
   Currently, there is no established public market for our securities, and there can be no assurances that any established public market will ever develop or that our common stock will be quoted for trading and, even if quoted, it is likely to be subject to significant price fluctuations.   
   
 There is currently no established public market whatsoever for our securities. A market maker has filed an application with FINRA on our behalf so as to be able to quote the shares of our common stock on the OTCQB maintained by FINRA. There can be no assurance that the market maker s application will be accepted by FINRA nor can we estimate as to the time period that the application will require or that any buying of our shares will ever take place. 
   
 Because of the anticipated low price of the securities being registered, many brokerage firms may not be willing to effect transactions in these securities. Purchasers of our securities should be aware that any market that develops in our stock will be subject to the penny stock restrictions. 
   
 We also believe that it is extremely unlikely that we will be able to raise the funds necessary to complete our planning and start producing and marketing our products until and unless we receive a trading symbol. 
   
   Our shares may not become eligible to be traded electronically which would result in brokerage firms being unwilling to trade them.   
   
 If we become able to have our shares of common stock quoted on the OTCQB, we will then try, through a broker-dealer and its clearing firm, to become eligible with the Depository Trust Company ( DTC ) to permit our shares to trade electronically. If an issuer is not  DTC-eligible,  then its shares cannot be electronically transferred between brokerage accounts, which, based on the realities of the marketplace as it exists today (especially the OTCQB), means that shares of a company will not be traded (technically the shares can be traded manually between accounts, but this takes days and is not a realistic option for companies relying on broker dealers for stock transactions - like all companies on the OTCQB. What this boils down to is that while DTC-eligibility is not a requirement to trade on the OTCQB, it is a necessity to process trades on the OTCQB if a company s stock is going to trade with any volume. There are no assurances that our shares will ever become DTC-eligible or, if they do, how long it will take. 
   
   Any market that develops in shares of our common stock will be subject to the penny stock regulations and restrictions pertaining to low priced stocks that will create a lack of liquidity and make trading difficult or impossible.   
   
 Our shares will be considered a  penny stock.   Rule 3a51-1 of the Exchange Act establishes the definition of a  penny stock,  for purposes relevant to us, as any equity security that has a minimum bid price of less than $5.00 per share or with an exercise price of less than $5.00 per share, subject to a limited number of exceptions which are not available to us. This classification will severely and adversely affects any market liquidity for our common stock. 

10 

The market for penny stocks has experienced numerous frauds and abuses that could adversely impact investors in our stock.   
   
 Company management believes that the market for penny stocks has suffered from patterns of fraud and abuse. Such patterns include: 

Control of the market for the security by one or a few broker-dealers that are often related to the promoter or issuer; 
   
 Manipulation of prices through prearranged matching of purchases and sales and false and misleading press releases; 
   
  Boiler room  practices involving high pressure sales tactics and unrealistic price projections by sales persons; 
   
 Excessive and undisclosed bid-ask differentials and markups by selling broker-dealers; and 
   
 Wholesale dumping of the same securities by promoters and broker-dealers after prices have been manipulated to a desired level, along with the inevitable collapse of those prices with consequent investor losses. 
   
   Any trading market that may develop may be restricted by virtue of state securities  Blue Sky  laws that prohibit trading absent compliance with individual state laws. These restrictions may make it difficult or impossible to sell shares in those states.   
   
 There is currently no established public market for our common stock, and there can be no assurance that any established public market will develop in the foreseeable future. Transfer of our common stock may also be restricted under the securities or securities regulations laws promulgated by various states and foreign jurisdictions, commonly referred to as  Blue Sky  laws. Absent compliance with such individual state laws, our common stock may not be traded in such jurisdictions. Because the securities registered hereunder have not been registered for resale under the blue sky laws of any state, the holders of such shares and persons who desire to purchase them in any trading market that might develop in the future, should be aware that there may be significant state blue sky law restrictions upon the ability of investors to sell the securities and of purchasers to purchase the securities. These restrictions prohibit the secondary trading of our common stock. We currently do not intend to and may not be able to qualify securities for resale in at least 17 states which do not offer manual exemptions (or may offer manual exemptions but may not to offer one to us if we are considered to be a shell company at the time of application) and require shares to be qualified before they can be resold by our shareholders. Accordingly, investors should consider the secondary market for our securities to be a limited one. 
   
   Our board of directors has the authority, without stockholder approval, to issue preferred stock with terms that may not be beneficial to common stockholders and with the ability to affect adversely stockholder voting power and perpetuate their control over us.   
   
 Our articles of incorporation allow us to issue shares of preferred stock without any vote or further action by our stockholders. Our board of directors has the authority to fix and determine the relative rights and preferences of preferred stock. Our board of directors also has the authority to issue preferred stock without further stockholder approval, including large blocks of preferred stock. As a result, our board of directors could authorize the issuance of a series of preferred stock that would grant to holders the preferred right to our assets upon liquidation, the right to receive dividend payments before dividends are distributed to the holders of common stock and the right to the redemption of the shares, together with a premium, prior to the redemption of our common stock. 
   
   The ability of our principal officers to control our business may limit or eliminate minority shareholders  ability to influence corporate affairs.   
   
 Our principal officers will beneficially own a majority of our outstanding common stock. Because of this beneficial stock ownership, our principal officers will be in a position to continue to elect our board of directors, decide all matters requiring stockholder approval, including potential mergers or business changes, and determine our policies. The interests of our principal officers may differ from the interests of other shareholders with respect to the issuance of shares, business transactions with or sales to other companies, selection of officers and directors and other business decisions. The minority shareholders would have no way of overriding decisions made by our principal officers. This level of control may also have an adverse impact on the market value of our shares because our principal officers may institute or undertake transactions, policies or programs that may result in losses, may not take any steps to increase our visibility in the financial community and  /  or may sell sufficient numbers of shares to significantly decrease our price per share. 

11 

A significant portion of our presently issued and outstanding common shares are restricted under rule 144 of the Securities Act, as amended. When the restriction on any or all of these shares is lifted, and the shares are sold in the open market, the price of our common stock could be adversely affected.   
   
 A significant portion of the presently outstanding shares of common stock is considered  restricted securities  as defined under Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act and may only be sold pursuant to an effective registration statement or an exemption from registration, if available. Rule 144 provides in essence that a person who is not an affiliate and has held restricted securities for a prescribed period of at least six months if purchased from a reporting issuer or 12 months (as is the case herein) if purchased from a non-reporting Company, may, under certain conditions, sell all or any of his/her shares without volume limitation, in brokerage transactions. Affiliates, however, may not sell shares in excess of 1% of the Company s outstanding common stock each three months. As a result of revisions to Rule 144 which became effective on February 15, 2008, there is no limit on the amount of restricted securities that may be sold by a non-affiliate (i.e., a stockholder who has not been an officer, director or control person for at least 90 consecutive days) after the restricted securities have been held by the owner for the aforementioned prescribed period of time. A sale under Rule 144 or under any other exemption from the Act, if available, or pursuant to registration of shares of common stock of present stockholders, may have a depressive effect upon the price of the common stock in any market that may develop. 
   
   We do not expect to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future.   
   
 We have never paid cash dividends on our common stock. We do not expect to pay cash dividends on our common stock at any time in the foreseeable future. The future payment of dividends directly depends upon our future earnings, capital requirements, financial requirements and other factors that our board of directors will consider. Since we do not anticipate paying cash dividends on our common stock, return on your investment, if any, will depend solely on an increase, if any, in the market value of our common stock. 
   
   Because we are not subject to compliance with rules requiring the adoption of certain corporate governance measures, our stockholders have limited protection against interested director transactions, conflicts of interest and similar matters.   
   
 The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as well as rule changes proposed and enacted by the SEC, the New York and American Stock Exchanges and the Nasdaq Stock Market, as a result of Sarbanes-Oxley, require the implementation of various measures relating to corporate governance. These measures are designed to enhance the integrity of corporate management and the securities markets and apply to securities that are listed on those exchanges or the Nasdaq Stock Market. Because we are not presently required to comply with many of the corporate governance provisions and because we chose to avoid incurring the substantial additional costs associated with such compliance any sooner than legally required, we have not yet adopted these measures. 
   
 Because we do not have any independent directors, we do not currently have independent audit or compensation committees. As a result, our president (who is the only director) has the ability, among other things, to determine her own level of compensation. Until we comply with such corporate governance measures, regardless of whether such compliance is required, the absence of such standards of corporate governance may leave our stockholders without protections against interested director transactions, conflicts of interest, if any, and similar matters and investors may be reluctant to provide us with funds necessary to expand our operations. 
   
 We intend to comply with all corporate governance measures relating to director independence as and when required. However, we may find it very difficult or be unable to attract and retain qualified officers, directors and members of board committees required to provide for our effective management as a result of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. The enactment of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has resulted in a series of rules and regulations by the SEC that increase responsibilities and liabilities of directors and executive officers. The perceived increased personal risk associated with these recent changes may make it more costly to attract qualified individuals to accept these roles. 

12 

You may have limited access to information regarding our business because our obligations to file periodic reports with the SEC could be automatically suspended under certain circumstances.   
   
 As of effectiveness of our registration statement of which this prospectus is a part, we will be required to file periodic reports with the SEC which will be immediately available to the public for inspection and copying (see  Where You Can Find More Information  elsewhere in this prospectus). Except during the year that our registration statement becomes effective, these reporting obligations may (in our discretion) be automatically suspended under Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act if we have less than 300 shareholders and do not file a registration statement on Form 8A (which we have no current plans to file). If this occurs after the year in which our registration statement becomes effective, we will no longer be obligated to file periodic reports with the SEC and your access to our business information would then be even more restricted. After this registration statement on Form S-1 becomes effective, we will be required to deliver periodic reports to security holders. However, we will not be required to furnish proxy statements to security holders and our directors, officers and principal beneficial owners will not be required to report their beneficial ownership of securities to the SEC pursuant to Section 16 of the Exchange Act.  Previously, a company with more than 500 shareholders of record and $10 million in assets had to register under the Exchange Act. However, the JOBS Act raises the minimum shareholder threshold from 500 to either 2,000 persons or 500 persons who are not  accredited investors  (or 2,000 persons in the case of banks and bank holding companies). The JOBS Act excludes securities received by employees pursuant to employee stock incentive plans for purposes of calculating the shareholder threshold. This means that access to information regarding our business and operations will be limited. 
   
   If our stock becomes quoted on the OTCQB, we could subsequently be removed from the OTCQB if we fail to remain current with our financial reporting requirements.   
   
 Companies trading on the OTCQB must be reporting issuers under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and must be current in their reports under Section 13, in order to maintain price quotation privileges on the OTCQB. If we become quoted on the OTCQB, but we fail to remain current in our reporting requirements, we would be removed from the OTCQB. As a result, the market liquidity of our securities could be severely adversely affected by limiting the ability of broker-dealers to trade our securities and the ability of stockholders to sell their securities in the secondary market. 
   
   Our financial statements may not be comparable to those of companies that comply with new or revised accounting standards.   
   
 We have elected to take advantage of the benefits of the extended transition period that Section 107 of the JOBS Act provides an emerging growth company, as provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. Our financial statements may, therefore, not be comparable to those of companies that comply with such new or revised accounting standards. Because the JOBS Act has only recently been enacted, we cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive because we may rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock price may be more volatile. 
   
   Our status as an  emerging growth company  under the JOBS Act OF 2012 may make it more difficult to raise capital when we need to do so.   
   
 Because of the exemptions from various reporting requirements provided to us as an  emerging growth company  and because we will have an extended transition period for complying with new or revised financial accounting standards, we may be less attractive to investors and it may be difficult for us to raise additional capital as and when we need it. Investors may be unable to compare our business with other companies in our industry if they believe that our financial accounting is not as transparent as other companies in our industry. If we are unable to raise additional capital as and when we need it, our financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. 
   
   We will incur increased costs and demands upon management as a result of complying with the laws and regulations that affect public companies, which could materially adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, business and prospects.   
   
 As a public company and particularly after we cease to be an  emerging growth company,  we will incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company, including costs associated with public company reporting and corporate governance requirements. These requirements include compliance with provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, as well as rules implemented by the SEC and NASDAQ. In addition, our management team will also have to adapt to the requirements of being a public company. We expect that compliance with these rules and regulations will substantially increase our legal and financial compliance costs and will make some activities more time-consuming and costly. 

13 

The increased costs associated with operating as a public company will decrease our net income or increase our net loss, and may require us to reduce costs in other areas of our business or increase the prices of our products or services. Additionally, if these requirements divert our management s attention from other business concerns, they could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, business and prospects. 
   
 However, for as long as we remain an  emerging growth company  as defined in the JOBS Act, we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not  emerging growth companies  including not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. We may take advantage of these reporting exemptions until we are no longer an  emerging growth company.  
   
   We will not be required to comply with certain provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act for as long as we remain an  emerging growth company.    
   
 We are not currently required to comply with the SEC rules that implement Sections 302 and 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and are therefore not required to make a formal assessment of the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting for that purpose. Upon becoming a public company, we will be required to comply with certain of these rules, which will require management to certify financial and other information in our quarterly and annual reports and provide an annual management report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Though we will be required to disclose changes made in our internal control procedures on a quarterly basis, we will not be required to make our first annual assessment of our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 until the later of (i) the year following our first annual report required to be filed with the SEC or (ii) the date we are no longer an  emerging growth company  as defined in the JOBS Act. 
   
 Our independent registered public accounting firm is not required to formally attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting until the later of the year following our first annual report required to be filed with the SEC, or the date we are no longer an  emerging growth company.  At such time, our independent registered public accounting firm may issue a report that is adverse in the event it is not satisfied with the level at which our controls are documented, designed or operating. 
   
   Reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies may make our common stock less attractive to investors.   
   
 As an  emerging growth company,  we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not  emerging growth companies  including not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. We cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive because we may rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock price may be more volatile.     
     
  For all of the foregoing reasons and others set forth herein, an investment in the Company s   securities in any market which may develop in the future involves a high degree of risk. Any person considering an investment in such securities should be aware of these and other risk factors set forth in this Form 10-K.  

14 

Item 1B.    
  UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS  
   
 None 
     
  Item 2.  
  PROPERTIES  
   
 Beecham s address is 885 Woodstock Road, Suite 430-180, Roswell, GA 30075, and its telephone number is (404) 720-5664. There are no leases. The website is www.beechamgroup.com. 
     
  Item 3.  
  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  
   
 We are not a party to any pending, or to our knowledge, threatened litigation of any type. 
     
  Item 4.    
  MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES  
   
 N/A 
     
  Part II  
     
  Item 5.  
  MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY ,  RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES  
   
  There is no and has never been any established trading market for our common stock, and there is currently no established public market whatsoever for our securities.  No trading symbol has been assigned for our securities. A broker-dealer has made the necessary 211 filings to permit our common stock to be quoted on the OTCQB. We cannot predict the likelihood or timing of FINRA permitting our shares of common stock to be quoted on the OTCQB. 
   
 There can be no assurance that a liquid market will develop in the foreseeable future. Transfer of our common stock may also be restricted under the securities or blue sky laws of certain states and foreign jurisdictions. Consequently, investors may not be able to liquidate their investments and should be prepared to hold the common stock for an indefinite period of time. 
   
 We have never paid any cash dividends on shares of our common stock and do not anticipate that we will pay dividends in the foreseeable future. We intend to apply any earnings to fund the development of our business. The purchase of shares of common stock is inappropriate for investors seeking current or near term income. 
   
 The Company issued 12,000,000 shares of our common stock to our former president and founder, Ms. Hunter, concurrent with her placing the business plan and her reputation and contacts into SBH and for costs/services incurred to plan and arrange the incorporation. The shares were valued at par value, or an aggregate of $12,000, as there was no verifiable market value for the shares due to a lack of trading activity. 
   
 On June 14, 2013, the Company agreed to issue 2,000,000 shares of its common stock that had been registered in its Registration Statement on Form S-1 which was declared effective on June 12, 2013 to satisfy consulting fee expenses of $20,000 due to an unrelated third party. 
   
 In May 2014, the Company engaged Mary Merritt as its new president. Ms. Merritt introduced a new business plan for the Company based on the introduction of products using geo-location technology. Concurrent with the engagement of Ms. Merritt: 

Shelagh Bone Hunter resigned her positions held as an officer and director and agreed to return all of her 12,000,000 shares of common stock to the Company s treasury. The resignation was not the result of any disagreements. 

The Company amended its Articles of Incorporation to increase the number of shares of Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share, which the Corporation is authorized to issue from 74,000,000 shares of common stock to 200,000,000 shares of common stock; and authorized a 12.125 for one stock split of the issued and outstanding shares. 

15 

Following the completion of the increase in the number of the Company s authorized shares of common stock and the execution of the 12.125 for one stock split in August 2014, the Company issued 66,000,000 shares of common stock (73.13% of the outstanding shares as of the date when the forward stock split and return of shares by Ms. Hunter) to Mary Merritt for her business plan. 
   
 As part of the Exchange Agreement we issued an aggregate of 60,000,000 shares of our common stock and committed to issue 1,000,000 newly-issued shares of preferred to the three Beechams who are now our principal officers and 5,750,000 shares of common stock to individuals who assisted us in finalizing our business plan. Mary Merritt returned 65,750,000 shares held by her to the Company. 
   
 No underwriter participated in any of the foregoing transactions, and no underwriting discounts or commissions were paid, nor was any general solicitation or general advertising conducted.  The securities bear a restrictive legend, and stop transfer instructions are noted on the stock transfer records of our Company.   
   
 As of the close of business on December 31, 2015, there were 90,250,000 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding. 
   
  Blue Sky Considerations  
   
 Because our securities have not been registered for resale under the blue sky laws of any state, the holders of such shares and persons who desire to purchase them in any trading market that might develop in the future, should be aware that there may be significant state blue-sky law restrictions upon the ability of investors to sell the securities and of purchasers to purchase the securities. Accordingly, investors should consider any secondary market for the Company s securities to be a limited one. 
     
  Item 6  
  SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA  
   
 We are considered to be a smaller reporting company, as defined by Rule 229.10(f)(1), and, therefore, are not required to provide the information required by this Item. 
   
  NOTES REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS  
   
 Certain matters discussed herein are forward-looking statements.  Such forward-looking statements contained in this Form 10-K involve risks and uncertainties, including statements as to: 

our future operating results;   
   
 our business prospects;   
   
 our contractual arrangements and relationships with both third parties and related parties;   
   
 the dependence of our future success on the general economy;   
   
 our possible financings; and   
   
 the adequacy of our cash resources and working capital 
   
 These forward-looking statements can generally be identified as such because the context of the statement will include words such as we  believe,   anticipate,   expect,   estimate  or words of similar meaning.   Similarly, statements that describe our future plans, objectives or goals are also forward-looking statements.   Such forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties which are described in close proximity to such statements and which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.  Shareholders, potential investors and other readers are urged to consider these factors in evaluating the forward-looking statements and are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements.   The forward-looking statements included herein are only made as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and we undertake no obligation to publicly update such forward-looking statements other than    as may be required by applicable law, to reflect subsequent events or circumstances. 

16 

Item 7.  
  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  
       
  Operations  
   
 We qualify as an  emerging growth company  under the   JOBS Act. As a result, we are permitted to, and intend to, rely on exemptions from certain disclosure requirements. For so long as we are an emerging growth company, we will not be required to: 

have an auditor report on our internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; 

comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements (i.e., an auditor discussion and analysis); 

submit certain executive compensation matters to shareholder advisory votes, such as  say-on-pay  and  say-on-frequency;  and 

disclose certain executive compensation related items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the CEO s compensation to median employee compensation.   
   
 In addition, Section 107 of the    JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We have elected to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. Our financial statements may therefore not be comparable to those of companies that comply with such new or revised accounting standards. 
   
 We will remain an  emerging growth company  for up to five years, or until the earliest of 
   
 i. 
 the last day of the first fiscal year in which our total annual gross revenues exceed $1 billion, 
   
 ii. 
 the date that we become a  large accelerated filer  as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, which would occur if the market value of our ordinary shares that is held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of the last business day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter, or 
   
 iii. 
 the date on which we have issued more than $1 billion in non-convertible debt during the preceding three-year period. 
     
  Business Operations  
   
 During the periods ended September 30, 2015 and 2014, Beecham devoted its efforts to restarting operations that its members had conducted prior to the recession of 2008 and 2009 that severely impacted the home building business. Operations for this period were: 

17 

The revenue for the period relates to three projects. 
   
 In December 2015: 

The Company entered into an agreement with another company whereby the other company agreed to purchase land in Alpharetta, GA on which the Company will build and sell condominiums. When the condominiums are sold the collective proceeds will be used to pay all of the Company s direct and indirect construction costs and the other company s cost for the land (estimated to approximate $540,000). After all costs are covered, profits, if any, will be split equally by the two parties. 

The Company entered into a bank loan agreement for proceeds up to $1,000,000 of which $350,000 was drawn down to commence construction of the condominium project. Harry A. Beechum, Brent A. Beechum, and Michael R. Beechum have personally guaranteed the loan and the land on which the project will be built has been pledged as collateral. 

The Company entered into three executed contracts to serve as general contractor on three projects with estimated total revenue in excess of $1,400,000. 
   
 The Company is also negotiating several other General Contractor Agreements but cannot provide assurances as to the likelihood or timing of receiving these contracts. 
   
  Other  
   
 As a corporate policy, we will not incur any cash obligations that we cannot satisfy with known resources, of which there are currently none except as described in  Liquidity  below and/or elsewhere in this prospectus. We believe that the perception that many people, including potential customers and business associates, have of a public company make it more likely that they will be more likely to engage a public company for services or accept restricted securities from a public company as consideration for indebtedness to them than they would from a private company. We have not performed any studies of this matter. Our conclusion is based on our own observations. However, there can be no assurances that we will be successful in any of those efforts even if we are a public entity. Additionally, issuance of restricted shares would necessarily dilute the percentage of ownership interest of our stockholders. 
   
  Liquidity  
           
 We currently have no committed source of funds. However, our current projects do not require significant independent financing since our customers generally make regular progress payments which are used to pay our contractors and vendors. 
   
 Our independent registered auditors included an explanatory paragraph in their opinion on our financial statements as of September 30, 2015, that states that our lack of resources causes substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. No assurances can be given that we will generate sufficient revenue or obtain any financing that may be necessary in order to continue as a going concern. 
   
  Off Balance Sheet Arrangements    
   
 We do not have any transactions, arrangements and other relationships with unconsolidated entities that will affect our liquidity or capital resources. We have no special purpose entities that provide off-balance sheet financing, liquidity or market or credit risk support, nor do we engage in swap agreements, or outsourcing of research and development services, that could expose us to liability that is not reflected on the face of our financial statements.   
         
   Recent Accounting Pronouncements  
   
 The Company has implemented all new accounting pronouncements that are in effect and that may impact its financial statements and does not believe that there are any other new accounting pronouncements that have been issued that might have a material impact on its financial position or results of operations.   

18 

Critical Accounting Policies  
     
 The preparation of financial statements and related notes requires us to make judgments, estimates, and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. 
     
 An accounting policy is considered to be critical if it requires an accounting estimate to be made based on assumptions about matters that are highly uncertain at the time the estimate is made, and if different estimates that reasonably could have been used, or changes in the accounting estimates that are reasonably likely to occur periodically, could materially impact the financial statements. 
     
 Financial Reporting Release No. 60 requires all companies to include a discussion of critical accounting policies or methods used in the preparation of financial statements.  Note 3 to the financial statements, included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, includes a summary of the significant accounting policies and methods used in the preparation of our financial statements.   
      
  Seasonality    
       
 We do not yet have a basis to determine whether our business will be seasonal. 
   
  Item 7A.    
  QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK  
   
 Pursuant to Item 305(e) of Regulation S-K (  229.305(e)), the Company is not required to provide the information required by this Item. 
     
  Item 8.  
  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA    
   
 Our financial statements as of September 30, 2015 and the fiscal year then ended start on page F-1. 
     
  Item 9.  
  CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE  
   
 NONE 
   
  Item 9A .   
  CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  
   
  Disclosure Controls and Procedures  
   
 We maintain  disclosure controls and procedures,  as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our principal executive officer to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, the Company recognized that disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and we necessarily are required to apply our judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible disclosure controls and procedures. 
   
  Evaluation of disclosure and controls and procedures    
   
 Based on his evaluation of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this annual report on Form 10-K the Company's principal executive officer has concluded that the Company's disclosure controls and procedures had certain weaknesses as of September 30, 2015 and therefore were not considered effective as of September 30, 2015. These weaknesses are being addressed and corrected. The evaluation was conducted under the framework in Internal Control   Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission 

19 

Management's Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting  
   
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act. Our internal control system was designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes, in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Because of inherent limitations, a system of internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect all misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate due to change in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
   
 Internal control over financial reporting is defined, under the Exchange Act, as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the issuer's principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by the issuer's board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that: 

Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the issuer;   

Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the issuer are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the issuer; and   

Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the issuer's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.   
   
 The Company's principal executive officer has assessed the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2015. In making this assessment, the Company's principal executive officer was guided by the releases issued by the SEC and to the extent applicable the criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. The Company's principal executive officer has concluded that based on his assessment, as of September 30, 2015, the Company's procedures of internal control over financial reporting had certain weaknesses and, therefore, were not effective. These weaknesses are being addressed and corrected. 
   
 Readers are cautioned that internal control over financial reporting, no matter how well designed, has inherent limitations and may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even effective internal control over financial reporting can only provide reasonable assurance with respect to the financial statement preparation and presentation. 
   
  Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting  
   
 There have been certain changes in the Company's internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) during the last quarterly period covered by this report, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting resulting from the merger of the Company with Beecham. The system of internal controls is being evaluated and weaknesses addressed. 
   
 This annual report does not include an attestation report of the Company's registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management's report was not subject to attestation by the Company's registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit the Company to provide only management's report in this annual report. 
   
  Item 9B.  
  OTHER INFORMATION  
   
 None. 

20 

PART III  
     
  Item 10.  
  DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE.  
     
 Our executive officers and directors are as follows: 

Name 
   Age 
   Title 
  
   Harry A. Beecham 
   75 
   Chairman 
  
   Michael R. Beecham 
   49 
   Chief Executive Officer, President and Director 
  
   Brent A. Beecham 
   51 
   Chief Operating Officer, Secretary, Treasurer and Director 

Harry A. Beecham , Chairman and Director, 75, founded the Beecham Builders, LLC in 1998 and was the chief executive through 2008. Prior to that he was a pilot at Delta Airlines for 30 years. He founded Beecham in 2014 and devotes fulltime to us. Harry A. graduated from Southern Polytechnic University. 
   
  Michael R. Beecham , Chief Executive Officer, President and Director, 49, became the chief executive officer in 2015 and devotes fulltime to us. From November 2013 to July 2015, he was market sales manager for Stock Building Supply. From November 2011 to November 2013 he was director of business development at Kelchner, Inc., which is engaged in Construction Services. Prior to that, he worked in management positions with the Beecham Builders, LLC from 1998. He was also a pastor at a church for ten years and is a graduate of World Evangelism Bible College. Harry A. Beecham is Michael R. Beecham s father. 
   
  Brent A. Beecham , Chief Operating Officer, Secretary, Treasurer and Director, 51, became vice president in 2014 and currently devotes 10% of his time to us. He has held various management positions with Hewlett-Packard since 2011. Prior to that, he worked in management positions with the Beecham Builders, LLC from 1998. He is a graduate of the United States Air Force Academy pilot and flew combat missions during Operation Desert Storm. Harry A. Beecham is Brent A. Beecham s father. 
   
 The three Beechams   Brent A., Michael R. and Harry A.: 

21 

Possible Potential Conflicts  
   
 The OTCQB on which we plan to have our shares of common stock quoted does not currently have any director independence requirements. 
   
 No member of management will be required by us to work on a full time basis. Accordingly, certain conflicts of interest may arise between us and our officer(s) and director(s) in that they may have other business interests in the future to which they devote their attention, and they may be expected to continue to do so although management time must also be devoted to our business. As a result, conflicts of interest may arise that can be resolved only through their exercise of such judgment as is consistent with each officer's understanding of his/her fiduciary duties to us. 
   
 Currently we have only one officer and director (who is the same person), who are related to each other, and will seek to add additional officer(s) and/or director(s) as and when the proper personnel are located and terms of employment are mutually negotiated and agreed, and we have sufficient capital resources and cash flow to make such offers. 
   
  Code of Business Conduct and Ethics  
   
 We adopted a Code of Ethics and Business Conduct which is applicable to our future employees and which also includes a Code of Ethics for our chief executive and principal financial officers and any persons performing similar functions. A code of ethics is a written standard designed to deter wrongdoing and to promote: 

honest and ethical conduct, 
   
 full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable disclosure in regulatory filings and public statements, 
   
 compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations, 
   
 the prompt reporting violation of the code, and 
   
 accountability for adherence to the code. 
   
  Board of Directors  
   
 We currently have only three directors, Brent A. Beecham, Michael R. Beecham and Harry A. Beecham, who are also our principal officers and are all related to each other. If resources and opportunities exist in the future, of which we can give no assurances, we will seek additional directors. 
   
 All directors hold office until the completion of their term of office, which is not longer than one year, or until their successors have been elected. Our sole director s term of office expires on December 31, 2016. All officers are appointed annually by the board of directors and, subject to existing employment agreements (of which there are currently none) and serve at the discretion of the board. Currently, a person serving as a director receives no compensation for serving in the role as a director. 
   
 If at any point we have an even number of directors, tie votes on issues are resolved in favor of the chairman s vote. 
   
  Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings  
   
 During the past ten years, no present director, executive officer or person nominated to become a director or an executive officer of SBH: 
   
 1. 
 had a petition under the federal bankruptcy laws or any state insolvency law filed by or against, or a receiver, fiscal agent or similar officer appointed by a court for the business or property of such person, or any partnership in which he/she was a general partner at or within two years before the time of such filing, or any corporation or business association of which he/she was an executive officer at or within two years before the time of such filing; 
   
 2. 
 was convicted in a criminal proceeding or subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other similar minor offenses); 
   
 3. 
 was subject to any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining him/her from or otherwise limiting his/her involvement in any of the following activities: 

22 

i. 
 acting as a futures commission merchant, introducing broker, commodity trading advisor commodity pool operator, floor broker, leverage transaction merchant, any other person regulated by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, or an associated person of any of the foregoing, or as an investment adviser, underwriter, broker or dealer in securities, or as an affiliated person, director or employee of any investment company, bank, savings and loan association or insurance company, or engaging in or continuing any conduct or practice in connection with such activity; 
   
 ii. 
 engaging in any type of business practice; or 
   
 iii. 
 engaging in any activity in connection with the purchase or sale of any security or commodity or in connection with any violation of federal or state securities laws or federal commodities laws; or 
   
 4. 
 was the subject of any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of an federal or state authority barring, suspending or otherwise limiting for more than 60 days the right of such person to engage in any activity described in paragraph (3) (i), above, or to be associated with persons engaged in any such activity; or 
   
 5. 
 was found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the Securities and Exchange Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and for which the judgment has not been reversed, suspended or vacated. 
   
  Committees of the Board of Directors  
   
 Concurrent with having sufficient members and resources, if ever, the SBH board of directors will establish an audit committee and a compensation committee. We believe that we will need a minimum of five directors to have effective committee systems. The audit committee will review the results and scope of the audit and other services provided by the independent auditors and review and evaluate the system of internal controls. The compensation committee will manage any stock option plan we may establish and review and recommend compensation arrangements for the officers. No final determination has yet been made as to the memberships of these committees or when we will have sufficient members to establish committees. See  Executive Compensation  hereinafter. 
   
 All directors, of which there is currently one, will be reimbursed by SBH for any expenses incurred in attending board meetings provided that SBH has the resources to pay these fees. SBH will consider applying for officers and directors liability insurance at such time when it has the resources to do so. 
     
  Item 11  
  EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION  
   
 The following table shows for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014, compensation awarded to or paid to, or earned by, our Chief Executive Officer, Treasurer and Secretary (the  Named Executive Officers ). 

No compensation was paid during the year ended September 30, 2014. 
   
 There is no formal employment arrangement with any officer at this time. Compensation has not been fixed or based on any percentage calculations. Compensation that will be paid in cash will only be awarded at the time and amount that cash is available. No cash compensation will be accrued. From time-to-time, compensation may be granted in the form of shares although no such commitments currently exist. 
   
 The three Beechams will make all decisions determining the amount and timing of their compensation. Compensation amounts will be formalized if and when their individual annual compensation exceeds $200,000. 

23 

Grants of Plan-Based Awards Table  
    
 No equity award arrangements have ever been awarded or granted by the Company. 
     
  Item 12  
  SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS  
   
 As of December 31, 2015, we had 90,250,000 shares of common stock outstanding which are held by 18 beneficial shareholders. The chart below sets forth the ownership, or claimed ownership, of certain individuals and entities. This chart discloses those persons known by the board of directors to have or to claim to have, beneficial ownership of more than 5% of the outstanding shares of our common stock as of December 31, 2015; of all directors and executive officers of SBH; and of our directors and officers as a group :  

Each of the three Beechams holds one-third of the newly-issued 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock. The certificates will be issued in January 2016. 

(a) The address for purposes of this table is the Company s address which is 885 Woodstock Road, Suite 430-180, Roswell, GA 30075. 

(b) Unless otherwise indicated, SBH believes that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of the common stock beneficially owned by them. A person is deemed to be the beneficial owner of securities which may be acquired by such person within 60 days from the date indicated above upon the exercise of options, warrants or convertible securities. Each beneficial owner s percentage ownership is determined by assuming that options, warrants or convertible securities that are held by such person (but not those held by any other person) and which are exercisable within 60 days of the date indicated above, have been exercised. 

Item 13.  
  CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE  
   
 The only promoters of SBH are Harry A. Beecham, Michael R. Beecham and Brent A. Beecham, our only officers and directors. 
   
 Our office and mailing address is 885 Woodstock Road, Suite 430-180, Roswell, GA 30075. There is no written lease agreement.   
   
 In December 2015, the Company issued an aggregate of 60,000,000 shares of common stock (66.5% of the outstanding shares) to Harry A. Beecham, Michael R. Beecham and Brent A. Beecham to bring their business into the Company. 
   
  Director Independence  
     
 For purposes of determining director independence, we have applied the definitions set out in NASDAQ Rule 4200(a)(15). Under NASDAQ Rule 4200(a)(15), a director is not considered to be independent if he or she is also an executive officer or employee of the corporation. Accordingly, we do not have an independent director. 

24 

Item 14.  
  PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES  
   
   Audit Fees:   Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services in connection with statutory and regulatory filings. Audit fees amounted to $23,772 in 2015. 
   
   Audit-Related Fees:   Audit-related services consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under  Audit Fees.  These services include attest services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. 
   
   Tax Services Fees:   Tax fees consist of fees billed for professional services for tax compliance. These services include assistance regarding federal, state, and local tax compliance. Tax fees were not incurred during fiscal 2015 or 2014. 
   
   All Other Fees:   Other fees, which were not incurred, would include fees for products and services other than the services reported above. 
     
  PART IV  
     
  Item 15.  
  EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES  
   
 a. 
 Exhibits 

Exhibit 
No.  
       
    Description  

31.1 
       
   Certification by the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 

31.2 
       
   Certification by the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 

b. 
 Financial Statements and Schedules 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Date: October 7, 2016 
 By:  /s/    MICHAEL R. BEECHAM   
       Michael R. Beecham 
       Chief Executive Officer 

25 

Financial Statements:  

Contents 
   Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms 
   F-2 

Balance Sheets 
   F-3 

Statements of Operations 
   F-4 

Statements of Cash Flows 
   F-5 

Notes to the Financial Statements 
   F-6 

F-1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM   

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 
 SBH Associates, Inc. 
 Roswell, Georgia 
   
 We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of SBH Associates, Inc. (the  Company ) as of September 30, 2015 and 2014, and the related statements of operations, changes in stockholders  equity and cash flows for the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. 
   
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluation the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
   
 In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of SBH Associates, Inc. as of September 30, 2015 and 2014, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the periods then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
   
 The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the financial statements, the Company has limited capital and has generated limited cash flow from operations. These circumstances raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Our opinion is not modified with respect to this matter. 
   
  Thayer O Neal Company, PLLC  
   
  /s/ Thayer O Neal Company PLLC  
   
 Sugar Land, Texas 
 January 12, 2016 

F-2 

SBH ASSOCIATES, INC.  
   
  BALANCE SHEETS  
  September 30, 2015 and 2014  

See accompanying notes to the financial statements.  

F-3 

SBH ASSOCIATES, INC.  
   
  STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS  
  FOR THE YEARS ENDED September 30, 2015 AND 2014  

See accompanying notes to the financial statements.  

F-4 

SBH ASSOCIATES, INC.  
   
  STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  
   FOR THE YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2015 AND 2014  

See accompanying notes to the financial statements       

F-5 

SBH ASSOCIATES, INC.  
     
 Notes to the Financial Statements 
 September 30, 2015 and 2014 
   
 NOTE 1   ORGANIZATION 
   
 SBH Associates, Inc. (the  Company  or  SBH ) was founded in 2012 and was incorporated as a C corporation under the laws of the State of Nevada on December 28, 2012. The incorporation effort included the Company issuing 12,000,000 shares of common stock to Shelagh Bone Hunter, for services which involved the development of a business plan and incorporation planning. These services were valued at $12,000. 
   
 In May 2014, the Company engaged Mary Merritt, CISSP as its new president. Ms. Merritt introduced a new business plan for the Company based on the introduction of products using geo-location technology. Concurrent with the engagement of Ms. Merritt: 

Shelagh Bone Hunter resigned her positions held as an officer and director and returned her 12,000,000 pre-split shares of common stock to the Company s treasury in August 2014 at which time these shares were retired; 

The Company amended its Articles of Incorporation to increase the number of shares of Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share, which the Corporation is authorized to issue from 74,000,000 shares of common stock to 200,000,000 shares of common stock; and authorized a 12.125 for one stock split of the issued and outstanding shares; 

Following the completion of the increase in the number of the Company s authorized shares of common stock and the execution of the 12.125 for one stock split in August 2014, the Company issued 66,000,000 shares of common stock (73.13% of the outstanding shares as of the date when the forward stock split and return of shares by Ms. Hunter) to Mary Merritt for her business plan. The shares issued had no market value and were recorded at par. 
   
 Ms. Merritt was unable to raise sufficient financing to develop and bring her products to market in a manner consistent with the business plan. Therefore, on December 17, 2015, the Company entered into a Share Exchange Agreement (the  Exchange Agreement ) by and among (i) SBH, (ii) Beecham Group, LLC, a Georgia company ( Beecham ), and (iii) the shareholders of Beecham, pursuant to which the holders of 100% of the outstanding common stock of Beecham transferred to the Company all of the common stock of Beecham in exchange for the issuance of 60,000,000 shares (the  Shares ) of the Company s common stock and 1,000,000 newly-issued shares of preferred stock (such transaction, the  Share Exchange ). The 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock will be issued in early 2016. This transaction closed concurrently with the filing of SBH s Current Report on Form 8-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission. As a result of the Share Exchange, Beecham became a wholly-owned subsidiary. SBH is now a holding company with all of its operations conducted through Beecham, which primarily consist of construction of custom luxury homes in the areas around Atlanta, GA, as more fully discussed herein. As part of this transaction, Mary Merritt returned 65,750,000 shares held by her to the Company. 
   
 The acquisition was accounted for as a reverse acquisition and recapitalization of Beecham. Beecham is the acquirer for accounting and financial reporting purposes, and SBH is the issuer. Accordingly, Beecham's historical financial statements for periods prior to the acquisition become those of the acquirer retroactively restated for the equivalent number of shares issued in the merger. Operations reported prior to the merger date are solely those of Beecham. No SBH operating results from prior to the merger date are included. Earnings per share for the periods prior to the merger are retroactively restated to reflect the equivalent number of shares outstanding. 
   
 The assets and liabilities of Beecham have been brought forward at their book value, and no goodwill has been recognized. Certain corporate-related liabilities such as accrued professional fees were carried over from SBH. 
   
 After the foregoing transactions were completed, there are 90,250,000 shares of common stock outstanding. All disclosures of share amounts outstanding throughout the financial statements and footnotes thereto have been restated to give retroactive effect to the 12.125 for one stock split. 

F-6 

NOTE 2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
   
  Basis of Accounting  
   
 The Company s financial statements are prepared using the accrual method of accounting.  The Company has elected to change its fiscal year end from January 31 to September 30. 
   
  Use of Estimates  
   
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires that management make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. The level of uncertainty in estimates and assumptions increases with the length of time until the underlying transactions are completed. Actual results may differ from these estimates in amounts that may be material to the financial statements and accompanying notes. 
   
  Cash and Cash Equivalents  
   
 The Company considers all highly liquid investments with a maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. 
   
  Accounts Receivable  
   
 Accounts receivable are recognized and carried at original invoice amount less an allowance for any uncollectible amounts. An estimate for doubtful accounts is made when collection of the full amount becomes questionable. When collectability is in question it has been adjusted to accounts receivable and revenue. 
   
  Fair Value of Financial Instruments  
   
 The carrying amounts of the Company s financial assets and liabilities, such as cash, and accrued expenses loan payable from related party, approximate their fair values because of the short maturity of these instruments. 
   
 The Company does not have any assets or liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring or a non-recurring basis, consequently, the Company did not have any fair value adjustments for assets and liabilities measured at fair value at September 30, 2015 and 2014, nor gains or losses related thereto. 
   
  Home Sale, Revenue and Profit Recognition  
   
 The Company follows the guidance of the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FAS ) No. 605-20 Revenue Recognition - Services for revenue recognition. Revenue from the rendering of services is considered earned and realized or realizable only if all of the following criteria are met: 

Persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; 
   
 Services have been rendered; 
   
 The seller s price to the buyer is fixed or determinable; and 
   
 Collectability is reasonably assured. 
   
 The Company most often serves as the general contractor for custom homes where the customer and not the Company owns the underlying land. Accordingly, it recognizes revenue from custom home construction contracts, which are primarily cost plus contracts, on the percentage-of-completion method where progress toward completion is measured by relating the actual cost of work performed to date to the current estimated total cost of the respective contracts. Company contracts include an estimate of total contract price by contract component; however, they do not include a maximum contract price. Revisions to initial estimated contract prices are made by change order presented to and agreed to by the owner customer. 

F-7 

The Company serves as the general contractor and takes responsibility for all costs incurred in the performance of contracts for construction of custom homes. It subcontracts all construction costs and establishes subcontracts through a bid process. It has general inventory risk, although it mitigates this risk by requiring significant customer deposits and advances, and it has discretion in subcontractor selection. 
   
 The Company has evaluated our contracting process in light of FAS 605-45,  Principal Agent Considerations , and determined that its revenue from construction contracts is properly reflected at gross including the contract costs plus earned fees. Contract costs are expensed as incurred. Gross profit on cost plus contracts is recognized as earned, less an allowance for cancellation losses. Costs incurred prior to contract acceptance are reflected as deferred construction costs and assessed for impairment as each balance sheet date. Customer advances received in advance of the point contract costs are incurred are deferred and reflected as deferred or unearned revenue. 
   
 If the Company acts as the primary builder of a project rather than a general contractor, revenue will be recognized when a unit is sold and sales proceeds have been received. 
   
  Earnings per Share  
   
 Net earnings per common share is computed pursuant to ASC 260-10-45. Basic and diluted net income per common share has been calculated by dividing the net income for the period by the basic and diluted weighted average number of common shares outstanding. Earnings per share for the periods prior to the Beecham merger are retroactively restated to reflect the equivalent number of shares outstanding. There were no dilutive shares outstanding as of September 30, 2015. 
   
  Income Taxes  
   
 The Company adopted section 740-10-25 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification ( Section 740-10-25 ).  Section 740-10-25 addresses the determination of whether tax benefits claimed or expected to be claimed on a tax return should be recorded in the financial statements.  Under Section 740-10-25, the Company may recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position.  The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position should be measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement.  Section 740-10-25 also provides guidance on de-recognition, classification, interest and penalties on income taxes, accounting in interim periods and requires increased disclosures.  The Company had no material adjustments to its liabilities for unrecognized income tax benefits according to the provisions of Section 740-10-25. 
   
 The Company operated as a limited liability company through September 30, 2015. Therefore, the results of its operations were included in the personal income tax returns of its owners. No provision for income taxes have been made in these financial statements. 
   
 No provision was made for Federal income tax.   
   
  Subsequent Events  
   
 The Company follows the guidance in ASC 855-10-50 for the disclosure of subsequent events. The Company evaluates subsequent events from the date of the balance sheet through the date when the financial statements are issued.  Pursuant to ASU 2010-09 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification, the Company as an SEC filer considers its financial statements issued when they are widely distributed to users, such as through filing them with the SEC on the EDGAR system. 
   
  Commitments and Contingencies  
   
 The Company follows subtopic 450-20 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification to report accounting for contingencies. Liabilities for loss contingencies arising from claims, assessments, litigation, fines and penalties and other sources are recorded when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the assessment can be reasonably estimated. 

F-8 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements      
   
 The Company has implemented all new accounting pronouncements that are in effect and that may impact its financial statements and does not believe that there are any other new accounting pronouncements that have been issued that might have a material impact on its financial position or results of operations. 
   
  Emerging Growth Company  
   
 The Company qualifies as an  emerging growth company  under the JOBS Act. As a result, it is permitted to, and intends to, rely on exemptions from certain disclosure requirements. For so long as we are an emerging growth company, we will not be required to: 

have an auditor report on our internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; 

comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements (i.e., an auditor discussion and analysis); 

submit certain executive compensation matters to shareholder advisory votes, such as  say-on-pay  and  say-on-frequency;  and 

disclose certain executive compensation related items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the CEO s compensation to median employee compensation. 
   
 In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. The Company has elected to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. The Company s financial statements may, therefore, not be comparable to those of companies that comply with such new or revised accounting standards. 
   
 The Company will remain an  emerging growth company  for up to five years, or until the earliest of 
   
 i. 
 the last day of the first fiscal year in which its total annual gross revenues exceed $1 billion, 
   
 ii. 
 the date that it becomes a  large accelerated filer  as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, which would occur if the market value of its ordinary shares that are held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of the last business day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter, or 
   
 iii. 
 the date on which it has issued more than $1 billion in non-convertible debt during the preceding three-year period. 
   
 NOTE 3   GOING CONCERN 
   
 The accompanying financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, which contemplates continuation of the Company as a going concern. The Company is in the development stage, has very limited capital and financing sources and has generated minimal cash flow from operations. These items raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern without the attainment of additional sources of financing or profitable operations. 
   
 In view of these matters, realization of the Company s financial and operating objectives is dependent upon the Company s ability to meet its financial requirements through equity financing and sales of custom homes. These financial statements do not include adjustments relating to the recovery and classification of recorded asset amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue in existence. 

F-9 

NOTE 4   SHARE CAPITAL AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 
   
 The Company is authorized to issue 200,000,000 shares of common stock and 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock. 
   
 See Note 1 for a description of transactions affecting common stock during the fiscal years ended September 30, 2015 and 14 and related party transactions with former and current members of management. 
   
 At September 30, 2015, there were 90,250,000 shares of common stock outstanding. 
     
 NOTE 5 - SUBSEQUENT EVENTS 
   
 In accordance with ASC 855,  Subsequent Events , the Company has evaluated subsequent events from September 30, 2015 through January 13, 2016, the date of issuance of the audited financial statements and has determined it does not have any material subsequent events to disclose except for the following: 

In December 2015, the Company entered into an agreement with another company whereby the other company agreed to purchase land in Alpharetta, GA on which the Company will build and sell condominiums. When the condominiums are sold, the collective proceeds will be used to pay all of the Company s direct and indirect construction costs and the other company s cost for the land (estimated to approximate $540,000). After all costs are covered, profits, if any, will be split equally by the two parties. 

The Company entered into a bank loan agreement for proceeds up to $1,000,000 of which $350,000 was drawn down to commence construction of the condominium project. Harry A. Beecham, Brent A. Beecham, and Michael R. Beecham have personally guaranteed the loan and the land on which the project will be built has been pledged as collateral. 

The Company entered into three executed contracts to serve a general contractor on three projects with estimated total revenue in excess of $1,400,000. 

F-10 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 f10ka093015_ex31z1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 Section 302 Certification 

Exhibit 31.1  
   
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
   
 I, Michael R. Beecham, certify that:  
   
 1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of SBH ASSOCIATES, INC.;  
   
 2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
   
 3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
   
 4. 
 I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have:  
   
 a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
   
 b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  
   
 c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
   
 d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
   
 5. 
 I, as the certifying officer have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
   
 a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
   
 b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
   
 Date: October 7, 2016      
         By:  /s/    MICHAEL R. BEECHAM   
 Michael R. Beecham 
 Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 f10ka093015_ex31z2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 Section 302 Certification 

Exhibit 31.2  
   
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
   
 I, Brent A. Beecham, certify that:  
   
 1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of SBH ASSOCIATES, INC.;  
   
 2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
   
 3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
   
 4. 
 I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have:  
   
 a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
   
 b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  
   
 c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
   
 d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
   
 5. 
 I, as the certifying officer have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
   
 a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
   
 b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
   
 Date: October 7, 2016      
         By:  /s/    BRENT A. BEECHAM   
 Brent A. Beecham 
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 f10ka093015_ex32z1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1 SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 Section 906 Certification 

Exhibit 32.1  
   
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
   
 In connection with the annual report of SBH ASSOCIATES, INC. (the  Company ) on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2015 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Michael R. Beecham, Chief Executive Officer and Principal Executive Officer of the Company, certify that: 
   
 1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
   
 2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
   
 Date: October 7, 2016      
         By:  /s/    MICHAEL R. BEECHAM   
 Michael R. Beecham 
 Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 f10ka093015_ex32z2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2 SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 Section 906 Certification 

Exhibit 32.2  
   
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
   
 In connection with the annual report of SBH ASSOCIATES, INC. (the  Company ) on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2015 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Brent A. Beecham, Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer of the Company, certify that: 
   
 1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
   
 2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
   
 Date: October 7, 2016      
         By:  /s/    BRENT A. BEECHAM   
 Brent A. Beecham 
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

