<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161108_10-Q_edgar_data_1436425_0001193125-16-762593_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8927300</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>90501</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>358917</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1908246</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4091045</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1916920</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>58</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-762593.hdr.sgml : 20161108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161108110651
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-762593
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		54
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			HOME BANCORP, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001436425
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SAVINGS INSTITUTIONS, NOT FEDERALLY CHARTERED [6036]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			LA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34190
		FILM NUMBER:		161980355

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		503 KALISTE SALOOM ROAD
		CITY:			LAFAYETTE
		STATE:			LA
		ZIP:			70598
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(337) 237-1960

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		503 KALISTE SALOOM ROAD
		CITY:			LAFAYETTE
		STATE:			LA
		ZIP:			70598

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-762593.txt : 20161108

10-Q
 1
 d269913d10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Form 10-Q 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES   
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
  Washington, D.C. 20549        
       FORM 10-Q
            
  (Mark One)   
 
  For the quarterly period ended: September 30, 2016   
  or       
 
  For the transition period from
                       to
                         
  Commission File Number: 001-34190        
       HOME BANCORP,
INC.      (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)   

Louisiana  
   
  71-1051785   
 
    (State or Other Jurisdiction of  
  Incorporation or Organization)   
   
    (I.R.S. Employer  
  Identification Number)    

503 Kaliste Saloom Road, Lafayette, Louisiana  
   
  70508   
 
  (Address of Principal Executive Offices)  
   
  (Zip Code)   
    Registrant s telephone number, including area code:  (337) 237-1960   
  Not Applicable      (Former
Name, Former Address and Former Fiscal Year, if changed since last report)        
      Indicate by check mark whether
the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days.    YES       NO       Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has
submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    YES       NO     
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting
company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):  

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
   
    (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
    
 Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the
Act).    YES       NO       At November 3, 2016, the registrant had 7,322,320 shares
of common stock, $0.01 par value, outstanding.          

Table of Contents  

   HOME BANCORP, INC. and SUBSIDIARY   
    TABLE OF CONTENTS       

Page 

PART I  

Item 1.  
    
   Financial Statements (unaudited)  

Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition   

1 

Consolidated Statements of Income   

2 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income   

3 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders 
Equity   

4 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows   

5 

Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements   

6 

Item 2.  
    
    Managements  Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
 Operations   

25 

Item 3.  
    
    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   

40 

Item 4.  
    
    Controls and Procedures   

40 

PART II  

Item 1.  
    
    Legal Proceedings   

40 

Item 1A.  
    
    Risk Factors   

41 

Item 2.  
    
    Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   

41 

Item 3.  
    
    Defaults Upon Senior Securities   

41 

Item 4.  
    
    Mine Safety Disclosures   

41 

Item 5.  
    
    Other Information   

41 

Item 6.  
    
    Exhibits   

41 

SIGNATURES    

42 

Table of Contents  

   HOME BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   
    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION   
   
    The accompanying Notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.   
      1  

Table of Contents  

   HOME BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   
    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (Unaudited)   
   
    The accompanying Notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.   
      2  

Table of Contents  

   HOME BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   
    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (Unaudited)   

The accompanying Notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.   
      3  

Table of Contents  

   HOME BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   
    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS  EQUITY (Unaudited)   

The accompanying Notes
are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.   
      4  

Table of Contents  

   HOME BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   
    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Unaudited)   
   
    The accompanying Notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.   
      5  

Table of Contents  

   HOME BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   
    NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
  1. Basis of Presentation     The accompanying unaudited
consolidated financial statements of Home Bancorp, Inc. (the  Company ) were prepared in accordance with instructions for Form 10-Q and Regulation S-X and do not include information or footnotes necessary for a complete presentation of
financial condition, results of operations, comprehensive income, changes in shareholders  equity and cash flows in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. However, in the opinion of management,
all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring adjustments) necessary for a fair presentation of the financial statements have been included. The results of operations for the three-month and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 are not
necessarily indicative of the results which may be expected for the entire fiscal year. These statements should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and notes thereto included in the Company s Annual Report on
Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) for the year ended December 31, 2015.   In preparing the financial
statements, the Company is required to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates. The financial statements reflect
all adjustments that are, in the opinion of management, necessary for a fair statement of the Company s financial condition, results of operations, comprehensive income, changes in shareholders  equity and cash flows for the interim
periods presented. These adjustments are of a normal recurring nature and include appropriate estimated provisions.   Certain amounts reported in prior
periods have been reclassified to conform to the current period presentation. Such reclassifications had no effect on previously reported shareholders  equity or net income.  
  2. Recent Accounting Pronouncements     In January 2016, the
Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2016-01,  Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities . The ASU amendments include changes related
to how certain equity investments are measured, recognize changes in the fair value of certain financial liabilities measured under the fair value option, and disclose and present financial assets and liabilities on the Company s consolidated
financial statements. Additionally, the ASU will also require entities to present financial assets and financial liabilities separately, grouped by measurement category and form of financial asset in the statement of financial position or in the
accompanying notes to the financial statements. Entities will also no longer have to disclose the methods and significant assumptions for financial instruments measured at amortized cost, but will be required to measure such instruments under the
 exit price  notion for disclosure purposes. The ASU is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2017. The adoption of this ASU is not expected to have a material effect on our Consolidated Financial
Statements.    In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,  Conforming Amendments Related to Leases . This ASU amends the codification
regarding leases in order to increase transparency and comparability. The ASU requires companies to recognize lease assets and liabilities on the statement of condition and disclose key information about leasing arrangements. A lessee would
recognize a liability to make lease payments and a right-of-use asset representing its right to use the leased asset for the lease term. The ASU is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2018. The adoption of this ASU
is not expected to have a material effect on our Consolidated Financial Statements.  
      6  

Table of Contents  

  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,  Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting .
The ASU amends the codification to simplify several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification in the statement
of cash flows. This ASU is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2016, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this guidance on our Consolidated Financial
Statements.    In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13,  Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments . The ASU requires a financial
asset (or a group of financial assets) measured at amortized cost basis to be presented at the net amount expected to be collected. The allowance for credit losses is a valuation account that is deducted from the amortized cost basis of the
financial assets to present the net carrying value at the amount expected to be collected on the financial assets. The income statement reflects the measurement of credit losses for newly recognized financial assets, as well as the expected
increases or decreases of expected credit losses that have taken place during the period. The measurement of expected credit losses is based on relevant information about past events, including historical experience, current conditions, and
reasonable and supportable forecasts that affect the collectibility of the reported amount of financial assets. An entity must use judgment in determining the relevant information and estimation methods that are appropriate in its circumstances. The
allowance for credit losses for purchased financial assets with a more-than-insignificant amount of credit deterioration since origination that are measured at amortized cost basis is determined in a similar manner to other financial assets measured
at amortized cost basis; however, the initial allowance for credit losses is added to the purchase price rather than being reported as a credit loss expense. Only subsequent changes in the allowance for credit losses are recorded as a credit loss
expense for these assets. Off-balance-sheet arrangements such as commitments to extend credit, guarantees, and standby letters of credit that and are not unconditionally cancellable are also within the scope of this amendment. Credit losses relating
to available-for-sale debt securities should be recorded through an allowance for credit losses. This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 31, 2019. An entity will apply the amendments in this update on a modified retrospective
basis, through a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings as of the beginning of the first reporting period in which the guidance is effective. The Company is currently planning for the implementation of this accounting standard. It is too
early to assess the impact that this guidance will have on our Consolidated Financial Statements.     3. Investment Securities   
 Summary information regarding the Company s investment securities classified as available for sale and held to maturity as of September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015 is as follows.      
 
      7  

Table of Contents  

The estimated fair value and amortized cost by contractual maturity of the Company s investment securities as of
September 30, 2016 are shown in the following tables. Securities are classified according to their contractual maturities without consideration of principal amortization, potential prepayments or call options. The expected maturity of a
security may differ from its contractual maturity because of prepayments or the exercise of call options. Accordingly, actual maturities may differ from contractual maturities.  

8  

Table of Contents  

  Management evaluates securities for other-than-temporary impairment at least quarterly, and more frequently when
economic and market conditions warrant such evaluations. Consideration is given to (1) the extent and length of time the fair value has been below cost; (2) the reasons for the decline in value; and (3) the Company s intent
to sell a security or whether it is more likely than not the Company will be required to sell the security before the recovery of its amortized cost, which may extend to maturity.  
 The Company performs a process to identify securities that could potentially have a credit impairment that is other-than-temporary. This process involves
evaluating each security for impairment by monitoring credit performance, collateral type, collateral geography, bond credit support, loan-to-value ratios, credit scores, loss severity levels, pricing levels, downgrades by rating agencies, cash flow
projections and other factors as indicators of potential credit issues. When the Company determines that a security is deemed to be other-than-temporarily impaired, an impairment loss is recognized.  
 As of September 30, 2016, 26 of the Company s debt securities had unrealized losses totaling 0.7% of the individual securities  amortized cost basis
and 0.1% of the Company s total amortized cost basis of the investment securities portfolio. At such date, 10 of the 26 securities had been in a continuous loss position for over 12 months. The 10 securities had an aggregate amortized
cost basis of $24.3 million and unrealized loss of $83,000 at September 30, 2016. Management has the intent and ability to hold these debt securities until maturity, or until anticipated recovery; hence, no declines in these 10 securities were
deemed to be other-than-temporary at September 30, 2016.    As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company had $89,360,000 and $94,661,000,
respectively, of securities pledged to secure public deposits.    4. Earnings Per Share   
 Earnings per common share were computed based on the following:      
   Options on 91,372 and 52,258 shares of common stock were not included in the computation of diluted earnings per share for the
three months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, respectively, because the effect of these shares was anti-dilutive. Options on 64,549 and 39,177 shares of common stock were not included in the computation of diluted earnings per
share for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, respectively, because the effect of these shares was anti-dilutive.     5.
Credit Quality and Allowance for Loan Losses     The following briefly describes the distinction between originated and acquired loans and certain
significant accounting policies relevant to each category.  
      9  

Table of Contents  

    Originated Loans    
 Loans originated for investment are reported at the principal balance outstanding net of unearned income. Interest on loans and accretion of unearned income
are computed in a manner that approximates a level yield on recorded principal. Interest on loans is recorded as income is earned. The accrual of interest on an originated loan is discontinued when it is probable the borrower will not be able to
meet payment obligations as they become due. The Company maintains an allowance for loan losses on originated loans that represents management s estimate of probable losses incurred in this portfolio category.  
   Acquired Loans      Loans that were acquired as a
result of our acquisitions of certain assets and liabilities of Statewide Bank ( Statewide ) of Covington, Louisiana, on March 12, 2010, and the acquisitions of GS Financial Corp. ( GSFC ), the former holding company of Guaranty
Savings Bank of Metairie, Louisiana, on July 15, 2011, Britton   Koontz Capital Corporation ( Britton   Koontz ), the former holding company of Britton   Koontz Bank, N.A. ( Britton   Koontz Bank ) of Natchez,
Mississippi on February 14, 2014, and Louisiana Bancorp, Inc. ( Louisiana Bancorp ), the former holding company of Bank of New Orleans ( BNO ) of Metairie, Louisiana on September 15, 2015 are referred to as  Acquired
Loans.     Acquired Loans were recorded at estimated fair value at the acquisition date with no carryover of the related allowance for loan losses. The
acquired loans were segregated between those considered to be performing ( acquired performing ) and those with evidence of credit deterioration ( acquired impaired ), and then further segregated into loan pools designed to
facilitate the estimation of expected cash flows. The fair value estimate for each pool of acquired performing and acquired impaired loans was based on the estimate of expected cash flows, both principal and interest, from that pool, discounted at
prevailing market interest rates.    The difference between the fair value of an acquired performing loan pool and the contractual amounts due at the
acquisition date (the  fair value discount ) is accreted into income over the estimated life of the pool. Management estimates an allowance for loan losses for acquired performing loans using a methodology similar to that used for
originated loans. The allowance determined for each loan pool is compared to the remaining fair value discount for that pool. If the allowance amount calculated under the Company s methodology is greater than the Company s remaining
discount, the additional amount called for is added to the reported allowance through a provision for loan losses. If the allowance amount calculated under the Company s methodology is less than the Company s recorded discount, no
additional allowance or provision is recognized. Actual losses first reduce any remaining nonaccretable discount for the loan pool. Once the nonaccretable discount is fully depleted, losses are applied against the allowance established for that
pool. Acquired performing loans are placed on nonaccrual status and considered and reported as nonperforming or past due using the same criteria applied to the originated portfolio.  
 The excess of cash flows expected to be collected from an acquired impaired loan pool over the pool s estimated fair value at acquisition is referred to
as the accretable yield and is recognized in interest income using an effective yield method over the remaining life of the pool. Each pool of acquired impaired loans is accounted for as a single asset with a single composite interest rate and an
aggregate expectation of cash flows.    Management recasts the estimate of cash flows expected to be collected on each acquired impaired loan pool
periodically. If the present value of expected cash flows for a pool is less than its carrying value, an impairment is recognized by an increase in the allowance for loan losses and a charge to the provision for loan losses. If the present value of
expected cash flows for a pool is greater than its carrying value, any previously established allowance for loan losses is reversed and any remaining difference increases the accretable yield which will be taken into interest income over the
remaining life of the loan pool. Acquired impaired loans are generally not subject to individual evaluation for impairment and are not reported with impaired loans, even if they would otherwise qualify for such
treatment  .         
      10  

Table of Contents  

  The allowance for loan losses and recorded investment in loans as of the dates indicated are as follows.  

11  

Table of Contents  

A summary of activity in the allowance for loan losses during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September
30, 2015 follows.      
 
      12  

Table of Contents  

The following tables present the Company s loan portfolio by credit quality classification as of the dates indicated. 

13  

Table of Contents  

14  

Table of Contents  

  The above classifications follow regulatory guidelines and can generally be described as follows:  

Pass loans are of satisfactory quality.        

Special mention loans have an existing weakness that could cause future impairment, including the deterioration of financial ratios, past due status, questionable management capabilities and possible reduction in the
collateral values.       

Substandard loans have an existing specific and well-defined weakness that may include poor liquidity and deterioration of financial performance. Such loans may be past due and related deposit accounts experiencing
overdrafts. Immediate corrective action is necessary.        

Doubtful loans have specific weaknesses that are severe enough to make collection or liquidation in full highly questionable and improbable.    
 In addition, residential loans are classified using an inter-agency regulatory methodology that incorporates the extent of delinquencies and loan-to-value
ratios. These classifications were the most current available as of the dates indicated and were generally updated within the quarter.   Age analysis
of past due loans as of the dates indicated are as follows.      
 
      15  

Table of Contents  

16  

Table of Contents  

Excluding Acquired Loans with deteriorated credit quality, as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company did not
have any loans greater than 90 days past due and accruing.    The following is a summary of information pertaining to Originated Loans which were deemed to
be impaired loans as of the dates indicated.      
 
      17  

Table of Contents  

A summary of information pertaining to nonaccrual loans as of dates indicated is as follows.  

(1)  
   Table excludes acquired loans which were being accounted for under ASC 310-30 because they continue to earn interest from accretable yield regardless of their status
as past due or otherwise not in compliance with their contractual terms. Acquired loans with deteriorated credit quality, which were being accounted for under ASC 310-30 and which were 90 days or more past due, totaled $2.6 million and $4.0 million
as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.      As of September 30, 2016, the Company had no outstanding commitments to lend
additional funds to any customer whose loan was classified as impaired.  
      18  

Table of Contents  

    Troubled Debt Restructurings    
 During the course of its lending operations, the Company may periodically grant concessions to its customers in an attempt to protect as much of its investment
as possible and to minimize risk of loss. These concessions may include restructuring the terms of a customer s loan to alleviate the burden of the customer s near-term cash requirements. In order to be considered a troubled debt
restructuring ( TDR ), the Company must conclude that the restructuring of a loan to a borrower who is experiencing financial difficulties constitutes a  concession . The Company defines a concession as a modification of existing
terms granted to a borrower for economic or legal reasons related to the borrower s financial difficulties that the Company would otherwise not consider. The concession is either granted through an agreement with the customer or is imposed by a
court or by a law. Concessions include modifying original loan terms to reduce or defer cash payments required as part of the loan agreement, including but not limited to:      

a reduction of the stated interest rate for the remaining original life of the debt,        

an extension of the maturity date or dates at an interest rate lower than the current market rate for new debt with similar risk characteristics,    

a reduction of the face amount or maturity amount of the debt, or        

a reduction of accrued interest receivable on the debt.      In its determination of whether the customer is
experiencing financial difficulties, the Company considers numerous indicators, including, but not limited to:      

whether the customer is currently in default on its existing loan, or is in an economic position where it is probable the customer will be in default on its loan in the foreseeable future without a modification,

whether the customer has declared or is in the process of declaring bankruptcy,        

whether there is substantial doubt about the customer s ability to continue as a going concern,        

whether, based on its projections of the customer s current capabilities, the Company believes the customer s future cash flows will be insufficient to service the debt, including interest, in accordance with
the contractual terms of the existing agreement for the foreseeable future, and        

whether, without modification, the customer cannot obtain sufficient funds from other sources at an effective interest rate equal to the current market rate for similar debt for a non-troubled debtor.    
 If the Company concludes that both a concession has been granted and the concession was granted to a customer experiencing financial difficulties, the Company
identifies the loan as a TDR. For purposes of the determination of an allowance for loan losses on TDRs, such loans are reviewed for specific impairment in accordance with the Company s allowance for loan loss methodology. If it is determined
that losses are probable on such TDRs, either because of delinquency or other credit quality indicators, the Company specifically allocates a portion of the allowance for loan losses to these loans.  
 Information about the Company s TDRs is presented in the following tables.      
 
      19  

Table of Contents  

20  

Table of Contents  

None of the above referenced TDRs defaulted subsequent to the restructuring through the date the financial statements were
issued. The Company restructured, as a TDR, loans totaling $5.6 million during the third quarter of 2016.    6. Fair Value Measurements and
Disclosures     The Company utilizes fair value measurements to record fair value adjustments to certain assets and liabilities and to determine fair
value disclosures. The Company groups assets and liabilities measured or disclosed at fair value in three levels as required by ASC 820,  Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures . Under this guidance, fair value should be based on the
assumptions market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability and establishes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs used to develop those assumptions and measure fair value. The hierarchy requires companies to maximize
the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. The three levels used to measure fair value are as follows:      

Level 1   Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.        

Level 2   Observable inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1, such as quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar assets and
liabilities in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data.        

Level 3   Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities. This includes certain pricing models, discounted
cash flow methodologies and similar techniques that use significant unobservable inputs.      An asset s or liability s categorization
within the fair value hierarchy is based upon the lowest level that is significant to the fair value measurement. Management reviews and updates the fair value hierarchy classifications of the Company s assets and liabilities quarterly.
 
      21  

Table of Contents  

    Recurring Basis    
  Investment Securities Available for Sale     Fair values of
investment securities available for sale are primarily measured using information from a first-party pricing service. This pricing service provides pricing information by utilizing pricing models supported with market data
information. Standard inputs include benchmark yields, reported trades, broker/dealer quotes, issuer spreads, benchmark securities bids, offers and other reference data from market research publications. If quoted prices are available in
an active market, investment securities are classified as Level 1 measurements. If quoted prices are not available in an active market, fair values are estimated primarily by the use of pricing models. Level 2 investment
securities are primarily comprised of mortgage-backed securities issued by government agencies and U.S. government-sponsored enterprises. In certain cases, where there is limited or less transparent information provided by the Company s
first-party pricing service, fair value is estimated by the use of secondary pricing services or through the use of non-binding first-party broker quotes. Investment securities are classified within Level 3 when little or no market activity
supports the fair value.    Management primarily identifies investment securities which may have traded in illiquid or inactive markets by identifying
instances of a significant decrease in the volume and frequency of trades, relative to historical levels, as well as instances of a significant widening of the bid-ask spread in the brokered markets. Investment securities that are deemed to
have been trading in illiquid or inactive markets may require the use of significant unobservable inputs. For example, management may use quoted prices for similar investment securities in the absence of a liquid and active market for the
investment securities being valued. As of September 30, 2016, management did not make adjustments to prices provided by the first-party pricing service as a result of illiquid or inactive markets.  
 The following tables present the balances of assets measured for fair value on a recurring basis as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.  
   
   The Company did not record any liabilities at fair value for which measurement of the fair value was made on a recurring
basis.  
      22  

Table of Contents  

    Nonrecurring Basis    
 In accordance with the provisions of ASC 310,  Receivables , the Company records loans considered impaired at fair value. A loan is considered impaired if
it is probable the Company will be unable to collect all amounts due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. Fair value is measured at the fair value of the collateral for collateral-dependent loans. For
non-collateral-dependent loans, fair value is measured by present valuing expected future cash flows. Impaired loans are classified as Level 3 assets when measured using appraisals from external parties of the collateral less any prior liens
and when there is no observable market price. Repossessed assets are initially recorded at fair value less estimated costs to sell. The fair value of repossessed assets is based on property appraisals and an analysis of similar properties
available. As such, the Company classifies repossessed assets as Level 3 assets.    The Company has segregated all financial assets that are measured
at fair value on a nonrecurring basis into the most appropriate level within the fair value hierarchy based on the inputs used to determine the fair value at the measurement date in the table below.  
   
   The following table shows significant observable inputs used in the fair value measurement of Level 3 assets.  

(dollars in thousands)      
    
  Fair Value  

Valuation Technique   
    
    Unobservable  
  Inputs   
    
  Range of Discounts  

Weighted Average Discount  

As of September 30, 2016   

Repossessed assets  
    
 $ 
 2,551 

Third party appraisals, sales contracts, broker price opinions 
    
 Collateral discounts and estimated costs to sell 

6% - 99% 

52% 

Impaired loans  
    
 $ 
 3,608 

Third party appraisals and discounted cash flows 
    
 Collateral discounts and discount rates 

0% - 100% 

15% 

As of December 31, 2015   

Repossessed assets  
    
 $ 
 3,128 

Third party appraisals, sales contracts, broker price opinions 
    
 Collateral discounts and estimated costs to sell 

6% - 96% 

19% 

Impaired loans  
    
 $ 
 813 

Third party appraisals and discounted cash flows 
    
 Collateral discounts and discount rates 

0% - 100% 

15% 

23  

Table of Contents  

  ASC 820,  Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures , requires the disclosure of each class of financial
instruments for which it is practicable to estimate. The fair value of a financial instrument is the current amount that would be exchanged between willing parties, other than in a forced liquidation. Fair value is best determined based
upon quoted market prices. However, in many instances, there are no quoted market prices for the Company s various financial instruments. In cases where quoted market prices are not available, fair values are based on estimates using
present value or other valuation techniques. Those techniques are significantly affected by the assumptions used, including the discount rate and estimates of future cash flows. Accordingly, the fair value estimates may not be realized in
an immediate settlement of the instrument. ASC 820 excludes certain financial instruments and all non-financial instruments from its disclosure requirements. Accordingly, the aggregate fair value amounts presented may not necessarily represent
the underlying fair value of the Company.    Fair value estimates are made at a specific point in time, based on relevant market information and information
about the financial statements. These estimates are subjective in nature and involve uncertainties and matters of significant judgment and therefore cannot be determined with precision. Changes in assumptions could significantly affect the
estimates.    Fair value estimates included herein are based on existing on- and off-balance-sheet financial instruments without attempting to estimate the
value of anticipated future business and the fair value of assets and liabilities that are not required to be recorded or disclosed at fair value like premises and equipment. In addition, the tax ramifications related to the realization of the
unrealized gains and losses can have a significant effect on fair value estimates and have not been considered in the estimates.    The following methods
and assumptions were used to estimate the fair value of each class of financial instruments for which it is practicable to estimate that value:    The
carrying value of cash and cash equivalents and interest-bearing deposits in banks approximate their fair value.    The fair value for investment securities
is determined from quoted market prices when available. If a quoted market price is not available, fair value is estimated using first party pricing services or quoted market prices of securities with similar characteristics.  
 The carrying value of mortgage loans held for sale approximates their fair value.  
 The fair value of loans is estimated by discounting the future cash flows using the current rates at which similar loans would be made to borrowers with
similar credit ratings and for the same remaining maturity.    The cash surrender value of bank-owned life insurance ( BOLI ) approximates its
fair value.    The fair value of customer deposits, excluding certificates of deposit, is the amount payable on demand. The fair value of fixed-maturity
certificates of deposit is estimated by discounting the future cash flows using the rates currently offered for deposits of similar remaining maturities.  
 The fair value of short-term FHLB advances is the amount payable at maturity. The fair value of long-term FHLB advances is estimated by discounting the
future cash flows using the rates currently offered for advances of similar maturities.  
      24  

Table of Contents  

  The following table presents estimated fair values of the Company s financial instruments as of the dates
indicated.     
     
       Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations.      The purpose of this discussion and analysis is to focus on significant changes in the financial condition of Home Bancorp, Inc. (the
 Company ) and its wholly owned subsidiary, Home Bank, N. A. (the  Bank ), from December 31, 2015 through September 30, 2016 and on its results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September
30, 2015. This discussion and analysis is intended to highlight and supplement information presented elsewhere in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q, particularly the consolidated financial statements and related notes appearing in Item 1.  

      25  

Table of Contents  

   Forward-Looking Statements   
 To the extent that statements in this Form 10-Q relate to future plans, objectives, financial results or performance of the Company or Bank, these statements
are deemed to be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements, which are based on management s current information, estimates and assumptions and the current economic
environment, are generally identified by the use of words such as  plan ,  believe ,  expect ,  intend ,  anticipate ,  estimate ,  project  or similar expressions, or by future
or conditional terms such as  will ,  would ,  should ,  could ,  may ,  likely ,  probably , or  possibly . The Company s or the Bank s actual strategies and
results in future periods may differ materially from those currently expected due to various risks and uncertainties. Factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to,
the risk factors described under the heading  Risk Factors  in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission ( SEC ) for the year ended December 31, 2015. The Company
undertakes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that occur after the date on which such statements were made.  
  EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW     During the third quarter of 2016, the
Company earned $4.4 million, an increase of $1.5 million, or 50.4%, compared to the third quarter of 2015. Diluted earnings per share for the third quarter of 2016 were $0.61, an increase of $0.20, or 48.8%, compared to the third quarter of
2015. The third quarter of 2015 included merger-related expenses related to the Louisiana Bancorp, Inc. ( Louisiana Bancorp ) acquisition totaling $593,000 ($527,000, net of taxes). Excluding merger-related expenses, net income
for the third quarter of 2016 increased 27.3% compared to the third quarter of 2015 (see the  Non-GAAP Reconciliation  on page 28). Excluding merger-related expenses, diluted earnings per share for the third quarter of 2016 increased 24.5%
compared to the third quarter of 2015.    During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company earned $11.7 million, an increase of $3.1 million, or
36.6%, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Diluted earnings per share for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 were $1.65, an increase of $0.42, or 34.1%, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 included merger-related expenses related to the Louisiana Bancorp acquisition totaling $856,000 and $848,000, respectively ($560,000 and $759,000, respectively, net of taxes). The nine months ended September 30,
2016 included a $641,000 gain on the sale of a banking center in the New Orleans market following the Louisiana Bancorp systems conversion. The nine months ended September 30, 2015 included a $492,000 loss on the sale of a banking
center. Excluding merger-related expenses and the banking center gain and loss, net income for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased 22.8% compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Excluding merger-related expenses and
the banking center gain, diluted earnings per share for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased 20.1% compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  
 Key components of the Company s performance during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 include:  

26  

Table of Contents  

Noninterest income for the third quarter of 2016 increased $318,000, or 14.5%, compared to the third quarter of 2015. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, noninterest income increased $2.2 million, or 35.1%,
compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increases resulted primarily from the change in net gains and losses on sale of properties and equipment in addition to increased service fees and charges and bank card fees.

27  

Table of Contents  

  This discussion and analysis contains financial information prepared other than in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ). The Company uses these non-GAAP financial measures in its analysis of the Company s performance. Management believes that the non-GAAP information provides useful data in
understanding the Company s operations and in comparing the Company s results of operation to peers. This non-GAAP information should be considered in addition to the Company s financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP,
and is not a substitute for, or superior to, GAAP results. Reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP disclosures is included in the table below.  
  Non-GAAP Reconciliation       
    FINANCIAL CONDITION   
    Loans, Asset Quality and Allowance for Loan Losses     
  Loans    Loans outstanding as of September 30, 2016 were $1.2 billion, an increase of $9.0 million, or 0.7%, from December 31, 2015. Growth in
originated loans of 8.1% was partially offset by paydowns in acquired loans.   The following table summarizes the composition of the Company s loan
portfolio as of the dates indicated.     
 
      28  

Table of Contents  

  The aggregate outstanding balance of loans to borrowers in the energy sector totaled $34.8 million, or 2.8% of
outstanding loans, at September 30, 2016. We also had unfunded loan commitments to borrowers in the energy sector amounting to $8.4 million at such date. At September 30, 2016, 92% of the balance of our energy-related loans were performing
in accordance with their original loan agreements. Of the remaining 8%, or $2.1 million, had been restructured and were paying in accordance with the restructured terms at such date. The Company holds no shared national credits.  
 The following table illustrates the composition of the Company s direct energy-related loans at September 30, 2016. 
   
   In addition to our energy exposure on direct energy related loans, given the effect of the energy sector on the overall
economy in several of our markets, we also have indirect exposure in making loans to borrowers who are not themselves in the energy sector but whose customers include energy sector entities.  
  Asset Quality    One of management s key objectives has been, and continues to be, maintaining a high level of asset quality. In addition to
maintaining credit standards for new loan originations, we proactively monitor loans and collection and workout processes of delinquent or problem loans. When a borrower fails to make a scheduled payment, we attempt to cure the deficiency by making
personal contact with the borrower. Initial contacts are generally made within 10 days after the date payment is due. In most cases, deficiencies are promptly resolved. If the delinquency continues, late charges are assessed and additional efforts
are made to collect the deficiency. All loans which are designated as  special mention,  classified or which are delinquent 90 days or more are reported to the Board of Directors of the Bank monthly. For loans where the collection of
principal or interest payments is doubtful, the accrual of interest income ceases. It is our policy, with certain limited exceptions, to discontinue accruing interest and reverse any interest accrued on any loan which is 90 days or more past due. On
occasion, this action may be taken earlier if the financial condition of the borrower raises significant concern with regard to their ability to service the debt in accordance with the terms of the loan agreement. Interest income is not accrued on
these loans until the borrower s financial condition and payment record demonstrate an ability to service the debt.   Repossessed assets which are
acquired as a result of foreclosure are classified as repossessed assets until sold. First party property valuations are obtained at the time the asset is repossessed and periodically until the property is liquidated. Repossessed assets are
recorded at the lesser of the balance of the loan or fair value less estimated selling costs, at the date acquired or upon receiving new property valuations. Costs associated with acquiring and improving a foreclosed property are usually capitalized
to the extent that the carrying value does not exceed fair value less estimated selling costs. Holding costs are charged to expense. Gains and losses on the sale of repossessed assets are charged to operations, as incurred. 
 An impaired loan generally is one for which it is probable, based on current information, that the lender will not collect all the amounts due under the
contractual terms of the loan. Large groups of smaller balance, homogeneous loans are collectively evaluated for impairment. Loans collectively evaluated for impairment include smaller balance commercial loans, residential real estate loans and
consumer loans. These loans are evaluated as a group because they have similar characteristics and performance experience. Larger (i.e., loans with balances of $100,000 or greater) commercial real estate loans, multi-family residential loans,
construction  
      29  

Table of Contents  

and land loans and commercial and industrial loans are individually evaluated for impairment. First party property valuations are obtained at the time of origination for real estate secured
loans. When a determination is made that a loan has deteriorated to the point of becoming a problem loan, updated valuations may be ordered to help determine if there is impairment, which may lead to a recommendation for partial charge off or
appropriate allowance allocation. Property valuations are ordered through, and are reviewed by, an appraisal officer. The Company typically orders an  as is  valuation for collateral property if the loan is in a criticized loan
classification. The Board of Directors is provided with monthly reports on impaired loans. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, loans individually evaluated for impairment, excluding acquired loans, amounted to $4.2 million and
$966,000, respectively. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, acquired impaired loans, loans considered to have deteriorated credit quality at the time of acquisition, amounted to $15.9 million and $20.0 million, respectively. As of
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, substandard loans, excluding acquired loans, amounted to $25.2 million and $7.7 million, respectively. The amount of the allowance for loan losses allocated to impaired or substandard loans originated by
Home Bank totaled $640,000 as of September 30, 2016 and $153,000 as of December 31, 2015. The amount of allowance for loan losses allocated to acquired loans totaled $371,000 and $373,000, respectively, at such dates. There were no assets
classified as doubtful or loss as of September 30, 2016 or December 31, 2015.    Federal regulations and our policies require that we utilize an internal
asset classification system as a means of reporting problem and potential problem assets. We have incorporated an internal asset classification system, substantially consistent with Federal banking regulations, as a part of our credit monitoring
system. Federal banking regulations set forth a classification scheme for problem and potential problem assets as  substandard,   doubtful  or  loss  assets. An asset is considered  substandard  if it is
inadequately protected by the current net worth and paying capacity of the obligor or of the collateral pledged, if any.  Substandard  assets include those characterized by the  distinct possibility  that the insured institution
will sustain  some loss  if the deficiencies are not corrected. Assets classified as  doubtful  have all of the weaknesses inherent in those classified  substandard  with the added characteristic that the weaknesses
present make  collection or liquidation in full,  on the basis of currently existing facts, conditions and values,  highly questionable and improbable.  Assets classified as  loss  are those considered
 uncollectible  and of such little value that their continuance as assets without the establishment of a specific loss reserve is not warranted. 
 A bank s determination as to the classification of its assets and the amount of its valuation allowances is subject to review by Federal bank regulators
which can order the establishment of additional general or specific loss allowances. The Federal banking agencies have adopted an interagency policy statement on the allowance for loan and lease losses. The policy statement provides guidance for
financial institutions on both the responsibilities of management for the assessment and establishment of allowances and guidance for banking agency examiners to use in determining the adequacy of general valuation guidelines. Generally, the policy
statement recommends that institutions have effective systems and controls to identify, monitor and address asset quality problems; that management analyzes all significant factors that affect the collectability of the portfolio in a reasonable
manner; and that management establishes acceptable allowance evaluation processes that meet the objectives set forth in the policy statement. Our management believes that, based on information currently available, our allowance for loan losses is
maintained at a level which covers all known and inherent losses that are both probable and reasonably estimable as of each reporting date. However, actual losses are dependent upon future events and, as such, further additions to the level of
allowance for loan losses may become necessary.   Real estate, or other collateral, which is acquired as a result of foreclosure is classified as a
foreclosed asset until sold. Foreclosed assets are recorded at the lesser of the balance of the loan or fair value less estimated selling costs, at the date acquired or upon receiving new property valuations. Holding costs are charged to
expense. Gains and losses on the sale of real estate owned are charged to operations, as incurred. 
      30  

Table of Contents  

  The following table sets forth the composition of the Company s nonperforming assets ( NPAs ) and
performing troubled debt restructurings as of the dates indicated.     

(1)  
   Table excludes acquired loans which were being accounted for under ASC 310-30 because they continue to earn interest from accretable yield regardless of their status
as past due or otherwise not in compliance with their contractual terms. Acquired loans with deteriorated credit quality, which were being accounted for under ASC 310-30 and which were 90 days or more past due, totaled $2.6 million and $4.0 million
as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.      The Company recorded $54,000 net loan charge-offs during the quarter and nine
months ended September 30, 2016. Net loan charge-offs for the quarter and nine months ended September 30, 2015 were $103,000 and $229,000, respectively.      
  Allowance for Loan Losses    The allowance for loan losses is established through provisions for loan losses. The Company maintains the allowance
at a level believed, to the best of management s knowledge, to cover all known and inherent losses in the portfolio that are both probable and reasonable to estimate at each reporting date. Management reviews the allowance for loan losses at
least quarterly in order to identify those inherent losses and to assess the overall collection probability for the loan portfolio. The evaluation process includes, among other things, an analysis of delinquency trends, nonperforming loan trends,
the level of charge-offs and recoveries, prior loss experience, total loans outstanding, the volume of loan originations, the type, size and geographic concentration of loans, the value of collateral securing loans, the borrower s ability to
repay and repayment performance, the number of loans requiring heightened management oversight, economic conditions and industry experience. Based on this evaluation, management assigns risk ratings to segments of the loan portfolio. Such risk
ratings are periodically reviewed by management and revised as deemed appropriate. These efforts are supplemented by reviews and validations performed by independent loan reviewers. The results of the reviews are reported to the Audit Committee
of the Board of Directors. The establishment of the allowance for loan losses is significantly affected by management judgment. There is likelihood that different amounts would be reported under different conditions or assumptions. Federal
regulatory agencies, as an integral part of their examination process, periodically review our allowance for loan losses. Such agencies may require management to make additional provisions for estimated loan losses based upon judgments different
from those of management. 
      31  

Table of Contents  

  With respect to acquired loans, the Company follows the reserve standard set forth in ASC 310,
 Receivables . At acquisition, the Company reviews each loan to determine whether there is evidence of deterioration in credit quality since origination and if it is probable that the Company will be unable to collect all amounts due according
to the loan s contractual terms. The Company considers expected prepayments and estimates the amount and timing of undiscounted expected principal, interest and other cash flows for each loan pool meeting the criteria above, and determines the
excess of the loan pool s scheduled contractual principal and interest payments in excess of cash flows expected at acquisition as an amount that should not be accreted (nonaccretable difference). The remaining amount, representing the excess
of the pool s cash flows expected to be collected over the fair value, is accreted into interest income over the remaining life of the pool (accretable yield). The Company records a discount on these loans at acquisition to record them at their
estimated fair values. As a result, acquired loans subject to ASC 310 are excluded from the calculation of the allowance for loan losses as of the acquisition date. See Note 5 to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements for additional
information concerning our allowance for acquired loans.    Acquired loans were recorded at their acquisition date fair value, which was based on expected
cash flows and included an estimation of expected future loan losses. If the present value of expected cash flows for a pool is less than its carrying value, an impairment is recognized by an increase in the allowance for loan losses and a charge to
the provision for loan losses. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, $100,000 and $128,000, respectively, of our allowance for loan losses was allocated to acquired loans with deteriorated credit quality.  
 We will continue to monitor and modify our allowance for loan losses as conditions warrant. No assurance can be given that our level of allowance for loan
losses will cover all of the inherent losses on our loans or that future adjustments to the allowance for loan losses will not be necessary if economic and other conditions differ substantially from the conditions used by management to determine the
current level of the allowance for loan losses.    The following table presents the activity in the allowance for loan losses during the first nine months
of 2016.      
   At September 30, 2016, the Company s ratio of allowance for loan losses to total loans was 0.99%, compared to 0.78% and
0.74% at December 31, 2015 and September 30, 2015, respectively. Excluding acquired loans, the ratio of allowance for loan losses to total loans was 1.36% at September 30, 2016, compared to 1.15% and 1.12% at December 31, 2015 and September 30,
2015, respectively, due primarily to the potential direct and indirect impact of continuing low energy prices.        The allowance for
loan losses to loans ratio directly attributable to energy loans totaled 3.29% at September 30, 2016. Over the past nine months, the Company has increased its overall allowance for loan losses to loans ratio on originated loans from 1.15% at
December 31, 2015 to 1.36% at September 30, 2016 due primarily to the potential direct and indirect adverse effect that low energy prices may have on the ability of our borrowers to repay their loans.  
    Investment Securities       The Company s
investment securities portfolio totaled $184.4 million as of September 30, 2016, a decrease of $6.2 million, or 3.3%, from December 31, 2015. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had a net unrealized gain on its available for sale investment
securities portfolio of $2.5 million, compared to $1.3 million as of December 31, 2015. The investment securities portfolio had a modified duration of 3.0 and 3.3 years at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. 
      32  

Table of Contents  

  The following table summarizes activity in the Company s investment securities portfolio during the first
nine months of 2016.      
      Funding Sources     
  Deposits    Deposits totaled $1.2 billion as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. Core deposits totaled $957.0 million as of September 30,
2016, a decrease of $10.4 million, or 1.1%, compared to December 31, 2015.   The following table sets forth the composition of the Company s deposits
at the dates indicated.     
    Federal Home Loan Bank Advances    Short-term FHLB advances increased $19.3 million, or 48.2%, from $40.0 million
as of December 31, 2015 to $59.2 million as of September 30, 2016. Long-term FHLB advances totaled $79.6 million as of September 30, 2016, a decrease of $5.6 million, or 6.6%, compared December 31, 2015.  
  Shareholders  Equity    Shareholders  equity increased $12.3 million, or 7.5%, from $165.0 million as of December 31, 2015 to $177.4
million as of September 30, 2016.   As of September 30, 2016, the Company and the Bank had regulatory capital that were well in excess of regulatory
requirements. The following table presents actual and required capital ratios for the Company and the Bank under the Basel III Capital Rules. The minimum required capital amounts presented include the minimum required capital levels as of
September 30, 2016 based on the phase-in provisions of the Basel III Capital Rules and the minimum required capital levels as of January 1, 2019 when the Basel III Capital Rules have been fully phased-in. Capital levels required
to be considered well capitalized are based upon prompt corrective action regulations, as amended to reflect the changes under the Basel III Capital Rules. 
      33  

Table of Contents  

LIQUIDITY AND ASSET/LIABILITY MANAGEMENT   
    Liquidity Management       Liquidity management
encompasses our ability to ensure that funds are available to meet the cash flow requirements of depositors and borrowers, while also ensuring adequate cash flow exists to meet the Company s needs, including operating, strategic and
capital. The Company develops its liquidity management strategies as part of its overall asset/liability management process. Our primary sources of funds are from deposits, amortization of loans, loan prepayments and the maturity of loans,
investment securities and other investments, and other funds provided from operations. While scheduled payments from the amortization of loans and investment securities and maturing investment securities are relatively predictable sources of funds,
deposit flows and loan prepayments can be greatly influenced by general interest rates, economic conditions and competition. The Company also maintains excess funds in short-term, interest-bearing assets that provide additional liquidity. As of
September 30, 2016, cash and cash equivalents totaled $24.0 million. At such date, investment securities available for sale totaled $171.0 million.  
 The Company uses its liquidity to fund existing and future loan commitments, to fund maturing certificates of deposit and demand deposit withdrawals, to
invest in other interest-earning assets, and to meet operating expenses. As of September 30, 2016, certificates of deposit maturing within the next 12 months totaled $161.5 million. Based upon historical experience, the Company anticipates that a
significant portion of the maturing certificates of deposit will be redeposited with us. For the three months ended September 30, 2016, the average balance of outstanding FHLB advances was $128.0 million. As of September 30, 2016, the Company
had $138.8 million in total outstanding FHLB advances and had $464.8 million in additional FHLB advances available.   In addition to cash flow from loan and
securities payments and prepayments as well as from sales of securities available for sale, the Company has significant borrowing capacity available to fund liquidity needs. In recent years, the Company has utilized borrowings as a cost efficient
addition to deposits as a source of funds. Borrowings consist of advances from the FHLB of Dallas, of which the Company is a member. Under terms of the collateral agreement with the FHLB, the Company pledges residential mortgage loans and investment
securities as well as the Company s stock in the FHLB as collateral for such advances.       Asset/Liability Management     
 The objective of asset/liability management is to implement strategies for the funding and deployment of the Company s financial resources that are
expected to maximize soundness and profitability over time at acceptable levels of risk. Interest rate sensitivity is the potential impact of changing rate environments on both net interest income and cash flows. The Company measures its
interest rate sensitivity over the near term primarily by running net interest income simulations. 
      34  

Table of Contents  

  Our interest rate sensitivity also is monitored by management through the use of a model which generates
estimates of the change in its net interest income over a range of interest rate scenarios. Based on the Company s interest rate risk model, the table below sets forth the results of immediate and sustained changes in interest rates as of
September 30, 2016.      
   The actual impact of changes in interest rates will depend on many factors. These factors include the Company s
ability to achieve expected growth in earning assets and maintain a desired mix of earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, the actual timing of asset and liability repricings, the magnitude of interest rate changes and corresponding
movement in interest rate spreads, and the level of success of asset/liability management strategies.       Off-Balance Sheet Activities
      To meet the financing needs of its customers, the Bank issues financial instruments which represent conditional obligations that are not
recognized, wholly or in part, in the statements of financial condition. These financial instruments include commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit. Such instruments expose the Company to varying degrees of credit and
interest rate risk in much the same way as funded loans. The same credit policies are used in these commitments as for on-balance sheet instruments. The Company s exposure to credit losses from these financial instruments is represented by
their contractual amounts.   The following table summarizes our outstanding commitments to originate loans and to advance additional amounts pursuant to
outstanding letters of credit, lines of credit and undisbursed construction loans as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.      
   Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer as long as there is no violation of any condition
established in the contract. Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee. Since many of the commitments are expected to be drawn upon, the total commitment amounts
generally represent future cash requirements.   Unfunded commitments under commercial lines of credit, revolving credit lines and overdraft protection
agreements are commitments for possible future extensions of credit to existing customers. These lines of credit usually do not contain a specified maturity date and may not be drawn upon to the total extent to which the Company is committed.
   The Company is subject to certain claims and litigation arising in the ordinary course of business. In the opinion of management, after consultation
with legal counsel, the ultimate disposition of these matters is not expected to have a material effect on the financial condition or results of operations of the Company.  
      35  

Table of Contents  

   RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   
 During the third quarter of 2016, the Company earned $4.4 million, an increase of $1.5 million, or 50.4%, compared to the third quarter of 2015. Diluted
earnings per share for the third quarter of 2016 were $0.61, an increase of $0.20, or 48.8%, compared to the third quarter of 2015. The third quarter of 2015 included merger-related expenses related to the Louisiana Bancorp acquisition totaling
$593,000 ($527,000, net of taxes). Excluding merger-related expenses, net income for the third quarter of 2016 increased 27.3% compared to the third quarter of 2015 (see the  Non-GAAP Reconciliation  on page 27). Excluding
merger-related expenses, diluted earnings per share for the third quarter of 2016 increased 24.5% compared to the third quarter of 2015.    During the nine
months ended September 30, 2016, the Company earned $11.7 million, an increase of $3.1 million, or 36.6%, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Diluted earnings per share for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 were $1.65, an
increase of $0.42, or 34.1%, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 include merger-related expenses, related to the Louisiana Bancorp acquisition totaling $856,000 and $848,000,
respectively ($560,000 and $759,000, respectively, net of taxes). The nine months ended September 30, 2016 included a $641,000 gain on the sale of a banking center in the New Orleans market following the Louisiana Bancorp system conversion. The
nine months ended September 30, 2015 included a $492,000 loss on the sale of a banking center. Excluding merger-related expenses and the banking center gain and loss, net income for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased 22.8%
compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Excluding merger-related expenses and the banking center gain, diluted earnings per share for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased 20.1% compared to the nine months ended September
30, 2015.     Net Interest Income    Net interest income is the difference between the interest income earned on interest-earning assets, such as
loans and investment securities, and the interest expense paid on interest-bearing liabilities, such as deposits and borrowings. The Company s net interest income is largely determined by our net interest spread, which is the difference
between the average yield earned on interest-earning assets and the average rate paid on interest-bearing liabilities, and the relative amounts of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. The Company s tax-equivalent net
interest spread was 4.19% and 4.43% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, respectively, and 4.23% and 4.39% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, respectively. The Company s
tax-equivalent net interest margin, which is net interest income as a percentage of average interest-earning assets, was 4.32% and 4.55% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, respectively, and 4.35% and 4.51% for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, respectively. The decrease in the net interest spread and net interest margin in the 2016 periods related primarily to a decrease in the average yield on loans.  
 Net interest income totaled $15.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, an increase of $2.0 million, or 14.8%, compared to the three months
ended September 30, 2015. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, net interest income totaled $46.8 million, an increase of $8.0 million, or 20.7%, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 
 Interest income increased $2.4 million, or 16.8%, in the third quarter of 2016 compared to the third quarter of 2015. For the nine months ended September 30,
2016, interest income increased $9.4 million, or 22.9%, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Increases in the average balance of loans receivable from the Louisiana Bancorp acquisition were partially offset by decreases of 35
basis points and 29 basis points, respectively, in the average yield on loans during the quarter and nine months ended September 30, 2016 from the prior comparable period. 
 Interest expense increased $414,000, or 46.3%, in the third quarter of 2016 compared to the third quarter of 2015. For the nine months ended September 30,
2016, interest expense increased $1.4 million, or 56.0%, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. During the quarter and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the average volume of deposits increased due to the Louisiana Bancorp
acquisition.    The following tables set forth, for the periods indicated, information regarding (i) the total dollar amount of interest income of the
Company from interest-earning assets and the resultant average yields; (ii) the total dollar  
      36  

Table of Contents  

amount of interest expense on interest-bearing liabilities and the resultant average rate; (iii) net interest income; (iv) net interest spread; and (v) net interest margin. Information is
based on average monthly balances during the indicated periods. Taxable equivalent ( TE ) yields are calculated using a marginal tax rate of 35%.      

(1)   
 Nonperforming loans are included in the respective average loan balances, net of deferred fees, discounts and loans in process. Acquired loans were recorded at fair value upon acquisition and accrete interest
income over the remaining lives of the respective loans.    
      37  

Table of Contents  

(1)   
 Nonperforming loans are included in the respective average loan balances, net of deferred fees, discounts and loans in process. Acquired loans were recorded at fair value upon acquisition and accrete interest
income over the remaining lives of the respective loans.    
      38  

Table of Contents  

  The following table displays the dollar amount of changes in interest income and interest expense for major
components of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. The table distinguishes between (i) changes attributable to volume (changes in average volume between periods times prior year rate), (ii) changes attributable to rate
(changes in average rate between periods times prior year volume) and (iii) total increase (decrease).      
    Provision for Loan Losses    For the quarter ended September 30, 2016, the Company recorded a provision for loan
losses of $800,000, which was 40.7% higher than the $569,000 recorded for the same period in 2015. Net loan charge-offs amounted to $54,000 and $103,000 during the third quarters of 2016 and 2015, respectively. For the nine months ended September
30, 2016, the provision for loan losses totaled $2.7 million, which was 92.7% higher than the $1.3 million recorded for the same period in 2015. The higher levels of provision expense in 2016 are primarily the result originated loan growth and the
increase in the Company s total nonperforming loans as well as our assessment of the potential direct and indirect impact of continuing low energy prices on the abilities of certain borrowers to repay their loans in accordance with their terms.
Net loan charge-offs amounted to $54,000 and $229,000, respectively, during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, respectively.  
 As of September 30, 2016, the Company s ratio of allowance for loan losses to total loans was 0.99%, compared to 0.78% and 0.74% at December 31, 2015 and
September 30, 2015, respectively. Excluding acquired loans, the ratio of allowance for loan losses to total loans was 1.36% at September 30, 2016, compared to 1.15% and 1.12% at December 31, 2015 and September 30, 2015, respectively. The
ratio of non-performing loans to total assets was 1.20% at September 30, 2016, compared to 0.53% at December 31, 2015.     Noninterest Income  
 The Company s noninterest income was $2.5 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, $318,000, or 14.5%, more than the $2.2 million earned for the same period in 2015. Noninterest income was $8.5 million for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016, $2.2 million, or 35.1%, higher than the $6.3 million earned for the same period of 2015. The increase in noninterest income in the third quarter of 2016 compared to the third quarter of 2015 resulted primarily from the absence of
a $359,000 net loss from the sale of assets recorded in the comparable prior year period. The nine months ended September 30, 2016 included a gain on the sale of a banking center totaling $641,000, pre-tax. Excluding the net gains (losses) on
sale of assets, noninterest income increased 7.2% and 15.9% in the quarterly and nine-month comparisons primarily from increased service fees and charges and bank card fees.  
      39  

Table of Contents  

   Noninterest Expense    The Company s noninterest expense was $10.6 million for the three months
ended September 30, 2016, $121,000, or 1.1%, higher than the $10.5 million recorded for the same period in 2015. Noninterest expense was $34.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, $4.4 million, or 14.3% higher than the $30.5
million for the same period of 2015. Noninterest expense includes merger-related expenses related to the acquisition of Louisiana Bancorp totaling $593,000 for the third quarter of 2015, and $856,000 and $848,000 for the nine months ended
September, 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, respectively. Excluding merger-related expenses, noninterest expense increased $714,000, or 7.2%, for the third quarter of 2016 compared to the third quarter of 2015. Excluding merger-related
expenses, noninterest expense increased $4.4 million, or 14.7%, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increases in noninterest expense relate primarily to the growth of the Company due
to the addition of Louisiana Bancorp branches and employees in the third quarter of 2015. The increases were partially offset by lower expenses on foreclosed assets (down $780,000 resulting from a $560,000 net gain on the sale of foreclosed
assets and lower foreclosed asset expenses in the third quarter of 2016).     Income Taxes    For the quarters ended September 30, 2016 and
September 30, 2015, the Company incurred income tax expense of $2.3 million and $1.7 million, respectively. The Company s effective tax rate was 34.0% and 37.5% during the third quarters of 2016 and 2015, respectively. For the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, the Company incurred income tax expense of $6.1 million and $4.6 million, respectively. The Company s effective tax rate amounted to 34.1% and 35.1% during the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, respectively. Differences between the effective tax rate and the statutory tax rate primarily relate to variances in items that are non-taxable or non-deductible (e.g., state tax, tax-exempt income,
merger-related expenses, etc.).       Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.    
 Quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk are presented in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC for the year
ended December 31, 2015, under the heading  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   Asset/Liability Management and Market Risk . Additional information at September 30, 2016 is
included herein under Item 2,  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   Liquidity and Asset/Liability Management .  
     Item 4. Controls and Procedures.    
 Our management evaluated, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on such evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have
concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and
reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and regulations and are operating in an effective manner.    No change in our internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) occurred during the third quarter of 2016 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our
internal control over financial reporting.     PART II. OTHER INFORMATION   
     Item 1.     Legal Proceedings .   
 Not applicable.  
      40  

Table of Contents  

      Item 1A.     Risk Factors .   
 There have been no material changes from the risk factors previously disclosed in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for December 31, 2015 filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission.        Item  2.     Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
and the Use of Proceeds .     The Company s purchases of its common stock made during the quarter consisted of stock repurchases under the
Company s approved plans and are set forth in the following table.      

(1)   
 On June 7, 2013, the Company announced the commencement of a stock repurchase program. Under the plan, the Company can repurchase up to 370,000 shares, or approximately 5% of its common stock outstanding, through
open market or privately negotiated transactions. On April 26, 2016, the Company announced a new stock repurchase program. Under the plan, the Company can repurchase up to 365,000 shares, or approximately 5% of its common stock outstanding,
through open market or privately negotiated transactions.              Item 
3.     Defaults Upon Senior Securities .     None.  
     Item  4.     Mine Safety Disclosures .   
 None.        Item 
5.     Other Information .     None.  
     Item  6. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules  .  

No.  
    
   Description   

31.1 
    
 Rule 13(a)-14(a) Certification of the Chief Executive Officer  

31.2 
    
 Rule 13(a)-14(a) Certification of the Chief Financial Officer  

32.0 
    
 Section 1350 Certification  

101.INS 
    
 XBRL Instance Document  

101.SCH 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document  

101.CAL 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document  

101.LAB 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document  

101.PRE 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document  

101.DEF 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definitions Linkbase Document  
 
      41  

Table of Contents  

     SIGNATURES   
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.      

HOME BANCORP, INC.   

November 8, 2016 

By: 
   
   /s/ John W. Bordelon   

John W. Bordelon  

President, Chief Executive Officer and Director   

November 8, 2016 

By: 
   
   /s/ Joseph B. Zanco   

Joseph B. Zanco  

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer   
     
      42  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 d269913dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1   
  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER   
 I, John W. Bordelon, certify that:    1.    I
have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Home Bancorp, Inc. (the  registrant     2.    Based on my knowledge,
this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report;    3.    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
 4.    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiary, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):        

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

Date: November 8, 2016 

/s/ John W. Bordelon   

John W. Bordelon  

President and Chief Executive Officer   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 d269913dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2   
  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER   
 I, Joseph B. Zanco certify that:    1.    I
have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Home Bancorp, Inc. (the  registrant     2.    Based on my knowledge,
this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report;    3.    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
 4.    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiary, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    
 5.    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):      

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

Date: November 8, 2016 

/s/ Joseph B. Zanco   

Joseph B. Zanco  

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.0>
 4
 d269913dex320.htm
 EX-32.0

EX-32.0 

Exhibit 32.0   
  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION   
  1350 AND SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Home Bancorp, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016, each of the
undersigned, John W. Bordelon, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and Joseph B. Zanco, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to
Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:    (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934; and    (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of
operations of the Company as of and for the periods covered in the Report.      

Date: November 8, 2016 

By: 
   
   /s/ John W. Bordelon   

John W. Bordelon    

President and Chief Executive Officer   

Date: November 8, 2016 

By: 
   
   /s/ Joseph B. Zanco   

Joseph B. Zanco    

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer   

Note: 
    
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act has been provided to Home Bancorp, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.  

</EX-32.0>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 hbcp-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 hbcp-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 hbcp-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 hbcp-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 hbcp-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 hbcp-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

