<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161108_10-Q_edgar_data_1100917_0001171843-16-013037_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2575977</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>64205</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>164180</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>565632</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1185470</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>535606</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>47</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001171843-16-013037.hdr.sgml : 20161108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161108163035
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001171843-16-013037
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		59
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ONVIA INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001100917
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-BUSINESS SERVICES, NEC [7389]
		IRS NUMBER:				911859172
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35164
		FILM NUMBER:		161981617

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		509 OLIVE WAY, SUITE 400
		CITY:			SEATTLE
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98101
		BUSINESS PHONE:		206-373-9404

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		509 OLIVE WAY, SUITE 400
		CITY:			SEATTLE
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98101

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ONVIA COM INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19991213

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001171843-16-013037.txt : 20161108

10-Q
 1
 f10q_110816p.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

(Mark One)  

[X] QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)
OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016  

OR  

[ ] TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)
OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

For the transition period from _____ to _____  

Commission file number 001-35164  

ONVIA, INC.  

  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

Delaware  
       
      91-1859172   
 
      (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)  
       
      (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)   

509 Olive Way, Suite 400, Seattle, Washington 98101  

  (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code)  

Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (206) 282-5170  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all
reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for
such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. [X] Yes [   ] No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically
and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit and post such files).  [X] Yes [  ] No  

Indicate by checkmark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated
filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 

 Large accelerated filer [  ]    Accelerated filer [  ]    Non-accelerated
filer [  ]    Smaller reporting company [X] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). [  ] Yes [X] No 

Common stock, par value $.0001 per share: 7,131,956 shares outstanding
as of October 31, 2016. 

ONVIA, INC.  

INDEX  

Page  
 
      PART I.  FINANCIAL INFORMATION  
      1   
 
      Item 1.  Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
      1   
 
      Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited)  
      1   
 
      Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss (Unaudited)  
      2   
 
      Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited)  
      3   
 
      Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)  
      4   
 
      Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
      12   
 
      Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk  
      19   
 
      Item 4. Controls and Procedures  
      19   
 
      PART II. OTHER INFORMATION  
      19   
 
      Item 1.  Legal Proceedings  
      19   
 
      Item 1A.  Risk Factors  
      19   
 
      Item 2.  Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
      20   
 
      Item 3.  Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
      20   
 
      Item 4.  Mine Safety Disclosure  
      20   
 
      Item 5.  Other Information  
      20   
 
      Item 6.  Exhibits  
      21   
 
      SIGNATURES  
      22   

PART I. FINANCIAL
INFORMATION   

Item 1. Unaudited
Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  

Onvia, Inc.  

   Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 

See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

Onvia, Inc.  

    Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income/(Loss)   

See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial
statements. 

Onvia, Inc.  

   Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial
statements. 

Onvia, Inc.  

    Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)  

1.    Accounting Policies    

Basis of Presentation   

 The unaudited interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and related
notes thereto have been prepared pursuant to generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America, ( GAAP ),
and the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission. Accordingly, certain information and note disclosures
normally included in annual financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP have been omitted pursuant to such rules and
regulations. 

The accompanying unaudited interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
and related notes thereto should be read in conjunction with the audited Consolidated Financial Statements and notes thereto included
in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 ( 2015 Annual Report ). 

The information furnished is unaudited, but reflects, in the opinion of management,
all adjustments, consisting of only normal recurring items, necessary for a fair presentation of the results for the interim periods
presented. 

Interim results are not necessarily indicative of results for a full year. 

Reclassifications   

 Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified for consistency with the current
period presentation. These reclassifications had no effect on the reported results of operations. 

Sales and marketing operating expenses of $511,000 and $1.2 million for the
three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2015, respectively, have been reclassified as technology and development operating
expenses to conform to current period presentation. The reclassification has no impact on net income/(loss) as presented on the
unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

Use of Estimates   

 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires the
Company s management to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses
during the reporting period. Significant estimates include the fair value of stock-based compensation, allowance for doubtful accounts,
capitalization of costs for internally developed software, recoverability of long-lived assets, including internally developed
software, and the valuation allowance for Onvia s net deferred tax assets. The Company bases its estimates on historical
experience and on various other assumptions that it believes to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ
significantly from the Company s estimates. In addition, any significant unanticipated changes in any of the Company s
assumptions could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

During the third quarter of 2016, the Company determined it was appropriate
to reduce the remaining estimated useful lives of certain internally developed software costs. See Note 7 below for further discussion
of this reduction in remaining estimated useful lives and the corresponding impact to the results of operations. 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements    

 In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued
authoritative guidance for revenue from contracts with customers, which provides a single comprehensive revenue recognition model
to apply in determining how and when to recognize revenue. The core principle of the guidance is that an entity should recognize
revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which
the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. When applying the new revenue model to contracts with
customers the guidance requires five steps to be applied, which include: 1) identify the contract(s) with a customer, 2) identify
the performance obligations in the contract, 3) determine the transaction price, 4) allocate the transaction price to the performance
obligations in the contract and 5) recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation. The guidance also
requires both quantitative and qualitative disclosures, which are more comprehensive than existing revenue standards. The disclosures
are intended to enable financial statement users to understand the nature, timing and uncertainty of revenue and the related cash
flow. This guidance will be effective for Onvia in the first quarter of 2018 and early adoption is permitted beginning in the first
quarter of 2017. The Company is currently assessing the impact the guidance will have upon adoption. 

In November 2015, the FASB issued authoritative guidance amending the accounting
for income taxes and requiring all deferred tax assets and liabilities to be classified as non-current on the balance sheet. The
objective of the guidance is to simplify the presentation as current GAAP requires the Company to separate the deferred tax assets
into current and noncurrent amounts. The FASB concluded that the current presentation does not benefit financial statement users
because the classification does not align with the time period in which the deferred tax amounts are expected to be recovered.
The guidance will be effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, with early adoption permitted. The guidance
may be adopted either prospectively or retrospectively. The Company does not expect it to have a material impact on its consolidated
financial statements upon adoption. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued authoritative guidance which requires lessees
to recognize on the balance sheet assets and liabilities for leases with lease terms of more than 12 months. Consistent with current
GAAP, the recognition, measurement, and presentation of expenses and cash flows arising from a lease by a lessee primarily will
depend on its classification as a finance or operating lease. However, unlike current GAAP which requires only capital leases
to be recognized on the balance sheet the new guidance will require both types of leases to be recognized on the balance
sheet. The guidance will take effect for public companies for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning
after December 15, 2018. This guidance shall be applied at the beginning of the earliest period presented using the modified retrospective
approach, which includes a number of practical expedients that an entity may elect to apply. Early application of the guidance
is permitted. The Company is evaluating the adoption of this guidance and the potential effects on its consolidated financial statements. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued authoritative guidance on accounting for share-based
payment transactions. The guidance makes several modifications related to the accounting for forfeitures, employer tax withholding
on share-based compensation and the financial statement presentation of excess tax benefits or deficiencies and clarifies the statement
of cash flows presentation for certain components of share-based awards. The standard is effective for interim and annual reporting
periods beginning after December 15, 2016, although early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently assessing how the adoption
of this standard may impact its consolidated financial statements. 

2.    Stock-Based Compensation    

The impact to Onvia s interim unaudited Condensed
Consolidated Statements of Operations for recording stock-based compensation was as follows for the periods presented (in thousands): 

3.    Earnings per Share    

Basic net income/(loss) per share is calculated by dividing the net income/(loss)
for the period by the weighted average shares of common stock outstanding for the period. Diluted net income/(loss) per share is
calculated by dividing the net income/(loss) per share by the weighted average common stock outstanding for the period, plus dilutive
potential common shares using the treasury stock method. In periods with a net loss, basic and diluted net loss per share are identical
because inclusion of potentially dilutive common shares would be anti-dilutive. 

The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted net income/(loss)
per share for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (in thousands, except per share data): 

For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the weighted average
effect of stock options to purchase approximately 885,000 and 864,000 shares of common stock, respectively, were excluded from
the computation of diluted net loss per share because the exercise price is greater than the average market price of common stock
for the respective period. 

For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, the weighted average
effect of stock options to purchase approximately 314,000 and 853,000 shares of common stock, respectively, were excluded from
the computation of diluted net loss per share because the exercise price is greater than the average market price of common stock
for the respective period. 

4.    Investments     

Onvia classifies investments in debt securities as available-for-sale, stated
at fair value as summarized in the following table (in thousands): 

(1)  The Company evaluated certificates of deposits held as of September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 and concluded that they meet the definition of securities as available for sale .  

Onvia accounts for investments held as available for sale according to their
fair values, which is defined as the exchange price that would be received for an asset, or paid to transfer a liability (an exit
price), in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants
on the measurement date. The Company utilizes a fair value hierarchy which requires an entity to maximize the use of observable
inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. The following are the three levels of inputs that
may be used to measure fair value: 

Level 1   Quoted prices in active markets for identical
assets or liabilities. 

Level 2   Observable inputs other than Level 1 prices such as quoted prices
for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be
corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. 

Level 3   Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market
activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities. 

Onvia uses the market approach to measure fair value for its financial assets
and liabilities. The market approach uses prices and other relevant information generated by market transactions involving identical
or comparable assets or liabilities. 

The following table summarizes, by major security type, investments classified
as available-for-sale at September 30, 2016 and at December 31, 2015, stated at fair value (in thousands): 

There were no transfers in or out of Level 2 investments during the first nine
months of 2016 and fourth quarter of 2015, and there was no activity in Level 1 or Level 3 fair value measurements during those
periods. 

5.    Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets    

Prepaid expenses and other current assets consist of the following (in thousands): 

6.    Property and Equipment    

Property and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation, consist of the following
(in thousands): 

Depreciation expense was $122,000 and $398,000 for the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to $156,000 and $473,000, respectively, for the same periods in 

 2015. 

7.    Internal Use Software    

Onvia capitalizes qualifying computer software costs incurred during the  application
development stage  and other costs. Amortization of these costs begins once the product is ready for its intended use. These
costs are amortized on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of the product, typically 3 to 5 years. The amount
of costs capitalized within any period is dependent on the nature of software development activities and projects in each period. 

Onvia periodically evaluates the remaining useful lives
and carrying values of internal use software. If management determines that all or a portion of the asset will no longer be used,
or the estimated remaining useful life differs from existing estimates, an abandonment will be recorded to reduce the carrying
value or adjust the remaining useful life to reflect revised estimates. In addition, if the carrying value of the software exceeds
the estimated future cash flows, an impairment will be recorded to reduce the carrying value to the expected realizable value.
No impairment has been recorded for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

During the third quarter of 2016 the Company determined
that ongoing product development would replace the functionality of certain internal use software costs and evaluated the then
current estimates of remaining useful lives of the affected internal use software. The Company determined that unamortized internal
software costs of approximately $892,000 are subject to a reduced estimated remaining useful life. The Company will recognize expense
related to the reduced estimated useful lives of these assets over the next year. The expense related to the reduced estimated
useful lives of these assets was $205,000 in the third quarter of 2016 and is reflected in operating expenses in the interim unaudited
Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations as additional amortization expense. 

The following table presents a roll-forward of capitalized
internal use software for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 (in thousands): 

Amortization expense was $616,000 and $1.4 million for the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to $388,000 and $1.3 million, respectively, for the same periods of 2015. Amortization
expense is included in operating expenses in the interim unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

8.    Accrued Expenses and Other Current Liabilities    

Accrued expenses consist of the following (in thousands): 

Other current liabilities consist of the following (in thousands): 

9.    Commitments and Contingencies    

Operating Leases   

Onvia has a lease agreement for its corporate offices located in Seattle, Washington
that expires in April 2021. Onvia also has a non-cancellable operating lease for office equipment, which expires in June 2019. 

The office lease contains rent escalation clauses and rent holidays. Rent expense
is recorded on a straight-line basis over the lease term with the difference between the rent paid and the straight-line rent expense
recorded as a deferred rent liability. Total rent expense associated with real estate operating leases was $193,000 and $578,000
for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to $192,000 and $576,000 for the same periods in
2015. Rent expense is included in operating expenses in the interim unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

As of September 30, 2016, remaining future minimum lease payments required on
non-cancellable operating leases are as follows for the years ending December 31 (in thousands): 

Purchase Obligations   

Onvia has non-cancellable purchase obligations for software development and
license agreements, co-location hosting arrangements, telecom agreements, marketing agreements and third-party content agreements.
The agreements expire in dates ranging from April 2017 to October 2019. Future required payments under these non-cancellable agreements
are as follows for the years ending December 31 (in thousands): 

CEO Transition Agreement   

On March 28, 2016, the Company and its current President and Chief Executive
Officer ( Riner ) entered into a Transition and Release Agreement (the  Transition Agreement ). 

Under the terms of the Transition Agreement, Riner will transition into planned
retirement and a 12-month consulting relationship with the Company effective no later than June 30, 2017, or such earlier date
that Onvia selects and announces a new Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) (the  Transition Date ). Riner will
continue to serve as the Company s President and CEO on a full-time basis through the Transition Date. 

In exchange for Riner s entry into the Transition Agreement, his covenants
and promises described therein, and his entry into an additional Release of Claims Agreement on his last of date of employment
with the Company, the Company has agreed to pay Riner a lump sum cash payment of $362,000 on July 8, 2017. 

Costs related to the Transition Agreement are being accrued over the requisite
service period and the expense is included in operating expenses in the interim unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of
Operations. 

Legal Proceedings    

From time to time, legal proceedings may arise in the ordinary course of
business. Although the outcomes of legal proceedings are inherently difficult to predict, the Company is not currently involved
in any legal proceeding in which the outcome, in its judgment based on information currently available, is likely to have a material
adverse effect on its business or financial position. 

As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, Onvia has recorded a full valuation
allowance against its net deferred tax assets because the Company has determined it is not more likely than not that the asset
will be realized. Onvia will continue to evaluate the likelihood that these tax benefits may be realized, and may reverse all or
a portion of its valuation allowance in the future if it is determined that realization of these benefits is more likely than not. 

Pursuant to Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the
 Code ), utilization of net operating loss (NOL) carryforwards to offset future taxable income are subject to substantial
annual limitations if we experience a cumulative change in ownership as defined by the Code. In general, an ownership change, as
defined by the Code, results from transactions increasing the ownership of certain stockholders or public groups in the stock of
a corporation by more than 50 percentage points over a three-year period. 

As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, Onvia s Federal NOL carryforwards
for income tax purposes were approximately $76.8 million.  The Federal NOL carryforwards are subject to limitations under
Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code. If not utilized, the Federal NOL carryforwards will begin to expire in 2021. 
The latest date available for a portion of the Federal NOL carryforwards to be utilized to offset future income is 2033. 

Pursuant to Onvia s lease for its current corporate office space, Onvia
has established a stand by letter of credit as security to the lease in the amount of $150,000.  The letter of credit will
be returned at lease termination in April 2021, or earlier, subject to certain office lease conditions. As of September 30, 2016,
the stand by letter of credit is secured by a security deposit of $150,000 and included within other long-term assets on the unaudited
Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

Item 2. Management's
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT   

In addition to historical information, the discussion and analysis in this report contains
forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as  believes, 
 anticipates,   should,   expects,   plans,   intends,   indicates 
and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements
about our future results of operations, the progress to be made on the 2016 initiatives, Onvia s future financial flexibility
and future cash flows and Onvia s future product and content offerings. Such statements are based on current expectations
that involve a number of known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may cause actual events to be materially
different from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Our actual results could differ materially from those
anticipated in these forward-looking statements. 

The following factors, among others, could cause actual results to differ materially
from those described in the forward-looking statements: Onvia fails to increase and retain contract value of its customers; Onvia
fails to execute properly on new products, or customers fail to adopt these products or services; Onvia s investment in technology
and new content fails to improve sales penetration and client retention rates; and changes made to Onvia s technology infrastructure
fails to handle the increased demands caused by increasing network traffic and the volume of aggregated data. 

Additional information on factors that may impact these forward-looking statements can
be found under  Risk Factors,   Business,   Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations,  as applicable, in this report and in our 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2015.  Onvia assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements as a result of new information
or future events or developments, except as may be required by law.  The following discussion should also be read in
conjunction with the interim unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying Notes thereto. 

In this Report, the words  we,   our,   us,   Onvia, 
or the  Company  refer to Onvia, Inc. 

Company Overview   

Onvia is a leading source of insight and intelligence on government procurement with
a primary focus on the State, Local and Education ( SLED ) market. We maintain a proprietary database of detailed procurement
activity from the market of 94,000 federal and SLED government agencies across the entire United States. When available, we capture
and connect the entire procurement lifecycle of a SLED procurement from the initial budget to the awarded contract. We compile
and enhance more than 1.8 million procurement records representing 95% of SLED procurement spending, to provide a comprehensive
view of this market by government agency, vendor, and procurement type. Onvia intelligence is used by both SLED agencies and businesses
that sell (directly or indirectly) to SLED agencies. Government agencies can use our insight to make informed and defensible purchasing
decisions, identify potential vendors and meet their fiduciary responsibilities to their constituents. Businesses use our procurement
intelligence to qualify short-term revenue opportunities and to obtain early insight into future potential spending for their goods
and services, evaluate agency procurement trends, and identify competitor activity and potential teaming partners. Onvia intelligence
helps companies identify emerging markets, allocate resources and build their long term SLED strategy. 

Onvia maintains a database of proprietary public sector procurement information which
includes comprehensive historical and real-time information on procurement activities unavailable elsewhere in the marketplace.
These records are standardized, formatted and classified within our database each day. We deliver approximately 90% of our bid
and RFP content on the same day we capture it from the original source. 

Onvia s solution is used by clients for long-term strategic planning and near-term
sales and marketing activities, tailored to their unique business objectives. We help our clients build specialized searches to
identify relevant content and establish workflows to help the client consume the content most effectively. Over time, we expect
to continue to enhance our content coverage of valuable data types to meet the business development needs of our strategic clients.
Our key offerings include access to the Onvia Database, Project Center, Agency Center, Vendor Center, Spending Forecast Center,
Term Contract Center, Purchase Order Analytics and Onvia Guide. 

We have a diverse client base ranging from large Fortune 500 companies to small businesses
that have been Onvia clients for many years. Onvia s strategic account client has a long-term strategic interest in the SLED
market and does business on a regional or national level. As companies expand geographically, their market becomes less transparent,
and they have a greater need for business intelligence. We continue to serve a number of small businesses (legacy accounts) that
have been clients since before we changed our target client profile. 

Over the last two years we have developed Onvia 7, a set of proprietary ontologies and
business rules used to automate the classification and tagging of our content across all of our business verticals. Our tagging
process is designed to allow clients to more effectively search for projects using intuitive tags and receive more relevant data
and less extraneous data as part of their research Onvia 7 is also designed to allow us to efficiently scale our data collection
by leveraging automation instead of manual categorization. The migration of all clients to our Onvia 7 platform was completed in
September 2016. 

Onvia 7 also allows us to test a self-serve, ecommerce solution for the small business
market, which we were unable to serve profitably in the past. We believe that our new Small Business solution can create significant
value for this market at a competitive price. We officially launched this solution at the beginning of 2016. 

Our product development is currently focused on user experience and client workflow solutions
that will be released as Onvia 8. We expect that Onvia 8 will improve product adoption by our clients who have difficulty incorporating
our solution into their existing workflows. The initial release of Onvia 8 is expected to be in early 2017 and further releases
are expected to follow throughout 2017. 

Most of Onvia s revenues are generated from sales to companies that leverage our
information for their own internal use, and to businesses that license our content for redistribution. Revenue from businesses
which license our content for resale is classified as Content License revenue. Content license contracts are generally multi-year
arrangements and typically have higher annual contract values than our subscription-based services. Revenue from content license
agreements is recognized over the term of the agreement. With the launch of our ecommerce sales channel, we now approach the small
business market directly, and, therefore, have reduced our emphasis on content license relationships to serve that market. As a
result, we anticipate Content License revenue to decline in future periods as existing contracts may not be renewed. 

Onvia was incorporated in January 2000 in the state of Delaware. Our principal corporate
office is located in Seattle, Washington. Our securities trade on The NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol ONVI. 

Executive Summary
of Operations and Financial Position   

Our primary clients are businesses that are strategically focused on selling their goods
and services into the public sector. As discussed above, we sell to this target market through two sales channels: businesses that
leverage our information for their own internal use and businesses that license our content for redistribution (i.e. content license). 

We measure our Strategic and Small Business (legacy accounts) clients with the following
key metrics: 

Annual Contract Value ( ACV )   

 ACV represents the annualized aggregate revenue value of all subscription
contracts as of the end of the quarter. ACV is driven by annual contract value per client and the number of clients. Most of Onvia s
revenues are generated from subscription contracts, which are typically prepaid and have a minimum term of one year, with revenues
recognized ratably over the term of the subscription. Onvia also receives revenue from multi-year content distribution partnerships,
stand-alone management reports, document download services, and list rental services, which are not included in the calculation
of ACV. Content license contracts are excluded from ACV. ACV excludes subscribers to the self-serve Small Business solution. 

Total ACV increased 3% to $22.9 million in the third quarter of 2016 from
$22.2 million for the same period one year ago. The ACV for Strategic Accounts grew 6% to $18.2 million at September 30, 2016 compared
to $17.1 million at September 30, 2015. Continued growth in ACV indicates that new client acquisitions, contract expansions and
improving client retention rates have more than offset the impact of client attrition. Growth rate in ACV can fluctuate from year
to year based on timing in the amount of ACV available for renewal in addition to the mix of tenured and first year clients expiring
in each period as tenured clients tend to renew at a higher rate than first year clients. 

Number of Clients   

 Number of clients represents the number of individual businesses subscribing
to our products. 

As of the end of the third quarter, our total client base had decreased 6%
to 2,920 clients compared to 3,100 clients as of the end of the same period one year ago. The total number of strategic clients
increased 5% to 1,400 compared to 1,330 at the end of the same period one year ago. Onvia s strategy is to continue to improve
profitability by acquiring and managing fewer, but more strategic clients at higher ACVC. We believe that ACV is a better measure
of sales effectiveness than the number of clients. 

Annual Contract Value per Client ( ACVC )   

 Annual contract value per client is the ACV divided by the number of clients
and indicates the average value of each of our subscriptions. 

Total ACVC increased 10% to $7,824 in the third quarter of 2016 compared to
$7,116 in the same period one year ago. The ACVC for Strategic Accounts grew 1% to $12,947 as of September 30, 2016, compared to
$12,781 in the same period one year ago. Management anticipates new client ACVC will fluctuate from period to period based on the
mix of product levels included in acquisition bookings for a particular period. Growth in overall ACVC demonstrates that strategic
clients account for an increasing percentage or our total client base. Companies within this target market typically have higher
ACVC and renew at higher rates, which are key attributes of a profitable long-term client. 

Dollar Retention   

  Dollar retention is calculated on a
percentage basis by dividing the contract value of subscription contracts renewed, including the value of contract upgrades, during
the most recent twelve-month period by the total value of subscription contracts expiring over the same period.  Dollar retention
measures the percentage of dollars retained from the population of expiring contracts over a twelve month period. 

In the twelve months ended September 30, 2016, dollar retention was 88% compared
to 88% in the twelve months ended September 30, 2015. Dollar retention can fluctuate from period to period due to the client mix
(first year and tenured clients) expiring in each period, list price achievement and contract expansions in the corresponding periods.
Dollar retention, in conjunction with ACV, provides insight in to our subscription retention rate and ability to generate future
subscription revenue. 

Adjusted EBITDA   

 Adjusted EBITDA is not a financial measure calculated and presented in accordance
with GAAP and should not be considered as an alternative to net income, operating income or any other financial measures so calculated
and presented, nor as an alternative to cash flow from operating activities as a measure of the company s liquidity. Onvia
defines Adjusted EBITDA as net income/(loss) before interest expense and other non-cash financing costs; other income; taxes; depreciation;
amortization; and non-cash stock-based compensation. Other companies (including Onvia s competitors) may define Adjusted
EBITDA differently. Onvia presents Adjusted EBITDA because it believes Adjusted EBITDA to be an important supplemental measure
of performance that is commonly used by securities analysts, investors and other interested parties in the evaluation of companies
in similar industries and size. Management also uses this information internally for forecasting and budgeting. It may not be indicative
of the historical operating results of Onvia nor is it intended to be predictive of potential future results. Investors should
not consider Adjusted EBITDA in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of results as reported under GAAP. 

The following table provides a reconciliation of GAAP net income/(loss) to
Adjusted EBITDA for the periods indicated (in thousands of dollars): 

Seasonality  

Our client acquisition business is subject to some seasonal fluctuations. The second
and third quarters are generally slower than the first and fourth quarters for client acquisition. Infrastructure is our single
largest market and these prospects are typically engaged on projects during the spring and summer months, not prospecting for new
work, which causes new client acquisition to decline compared to the first and fourth quarters in the year. For this reason, comparisons
of the performance of our business quarter to consecutive quarter may not provide the most relevant information, and so in addition
to sequential quarter comparisons, our quarterly results and metrics should be considered on the basis of results for the whole
year or by comparing results in a quarter with the results in the same quarter of the previous year. 

Results of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 Compared
to the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015  

Revenue and Cost of Revenue   

The following table provides a breakdown of revenue for the periods presented as a percentage
of total revenue: 

Subscription revenue for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 grew 6% in
both periods to $5.8 million and $17 million, respectively, over the same periods in 2015. Subscription revenue includes revenue
earned from our target market of Strategic Accounts, our Small Business channel (legacy accounts) as well as revenue generated
from the recently launched ecommerce sales channel. The Small Business ecommerce solution, which launched in early 2016, is a self-serve
solution for small businesses offering a limited geography Onvia service. The growth in subscription revenue is reflective of growth
in ACV and an increase in Small Business revenue. ACV is a leading indicator of subscription revenue and excludes subscribers to
the self-serve Small Business solution. 

Content License revenue has declined in the three and nine month periods ending September
30, 2016 compared to the same periods last year. With the launch of our ecommerce sales channel, we now approach the small business
market directly, and, therefore, have reduced our emphasis on content license relationships to serve that market. As a result,
we anticipate Content License revenue will continue to decline in future periods as existing contracts may not be renewed. 

Total revenue for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $6.2 million
and $18.3 million, up by 5% and 4%, respectively, compared to the same periods last year. In addition to subscription revenue,
total revenue includes content license and report revenue. 

Cost of revenue for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was as
follows (in thousands of dollars): 

Our cost of revenue primarily represents payroll-related expenses associated with the
research, capture and curation of the data in our proprietary database and third-party content fees, and also includes credit card
processing fees. The decrease for the comparable three and nine month periods was related to improvements in process automation,
including the benefits of Onvia 7, which contributed to lower headcount and salary expenses within the department. 

Sales and Marketing   

Sales and marketing expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015 were as follows (in thousands of dollars): 

The increase in expenses for the comparable three and nine month periods is primarily
due to the addition of sales and marketing leadership necessary to support our growth initiatives, an increase in contract labor
to migrate clients to our new Onvia 7 platform and accelerated amortization of $98,000 related to the reduced estimated useful
lives of certain internal software costs, partially offset by recruiting fees incurred in the third quarter of 2015 for sales leadership
that did not recur 2016. 

Technology and Development   

Technology and development expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015 were as follows (in thousands of dollars): 

The increase in expenses for the comparable three and nine month periods is primarily
due to an increase in compensation costs from investing in new technology leadership necessary to support our product development
plans and $88,000 in accelerated amortization expense related to the reduced estimated useful lives of certain internal software
costs, partially offset by consulting fees in 2015 that were not re-incurred in 2016. 

General and Administrative   

General and administrative expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015 were as follows (in thousands of dollars): 

The increase in expenses for the comparable three month periods was primarily due to
$155,000 of CEO transition costs in 2016 along with an accrual of executive bonus pay at expected achievement. 

The decrease in expenses for the comparable nine month period is primarily due to $435,000
of special project legal and consulting fees authorized by our Board of Directors in the first quarter of 2015 which were not incurred
in 2016, partially offset by approximately $284,000 of CEO transition costs and an accrual for executive bonus pay at projected
achievement. 

Interest and Other Income, Net   

Net interest and other income was $13,000 and $28,000 for the three and nine month periods
ended September 30, 2016, compared to $6,000 and $30,000 for the same periods one year ago. 

Net Income/(Loss) and Net Income/(Loss) per Share    

We reported net losses of $492,000 and $598,000 for the three and nine month periods
ended September 30, 2016, compared to net income of $9,000 and net loss of $388,000 for the same periods one year ago. On a diluted
per share basis, net losses were $0.07 and $0.08 for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016, compared to $0.00
and a net loss of $0.05 for the comparable periods ended September 30, 2015, respectively. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Management Estimates  

Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based
upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of these financial
statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses,
and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. On an on-going basis, we evaluate our estimates including, but not
limited to, those affecting the fair value of stock-based compensation, allowance for doubtful accounts, capitalization of costs
for internally developed software, recoverability of long-lived assets, including internally developed software, and the valuation
allowance for net deferred tax assets. The brief discussion below is intended to highlight some of the judgments and uncertainties
that can impact the application of these policies and the specific dollar amounts reported on our financial statements. 

We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that
we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form our basis for making judgments about the carrying
values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates
under different assumptions or conditions, or if management made different judgments or utilized different estimates. Many of our
estimates or judgments are based on anticipated future events or performance, and as such are forward-looking in nature, and are
subject to many risks and uncertainties, including those discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2015 and elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Except as otherwise required by law, we do not undertake any obligation
to update or revise this discussion to reflect any future events or circumstances. 

With the exception to our update on certain estimated useful lives of internal use software
costs discussed below, there have been no material changes in the application of our critical accounting policies and estimates
subsequent to that report. 

For a detailed discussion of our critical accounting policies and estimates, please refer
to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

See Note 1 to the accompanying unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements for the issuance
of recent accounting pronouncements. 

Internal Use Software    

We capitalize qualifying computer software costs incurred during the  application
development stage.  Amortization of these costs begins once the product is ready for its intended use. These capitalized
software costs are amortized on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of the product, typically 3 to 5 years. The
amount of costs capitalized within any period is dependent on the nature of software development activities and projects in each
period. 

We periodically evaluate the remaining useful lives of internal use software and will
record an abandonment if management determines that all or a portion of the asset will no longer be used, or will adjust the remaining
useful life to reflect revised estimates. As development work is completed on updated client workflows and user experience in the
Onvia platform, the estimated useful life of certain previously capitalized costs may be shortened due to the planned release of
replacement features and functions. We have evaluated the costs of certain internal use software potentially impacted, the impact
to the corresponding estimated useful lives and the amount of related periodic amortization. We determined that unamortized internal
software costs of $892,000 should be subject to reduced estimated useful lives. This reduction in estimated useful lives is a result
of the ongoing product development work discussed above which will, upon release, replace the current features of the affected
software assets. During the third quarter of 2016 we recorded a $205,000 expense related to the reduced useful lives of these certain
assets which is reflected in operating expenses as amortization expense. The impact of these reduced estimated useful lives may
be recognized over the next year with the release of these replacement features and functions, and may result in additional accelerated
amortization of certain internal software cost in our financials. 

In addition, if the carrying value of the software exceeds the estimated future cash
flows, an impairment will be recorded to reduce the carrying value to the expected realizable value. No assets were impaired during
the year ended December 31, 2015. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

Our principal sources of liquidity are cash, cash equivalents and available for sale
investments. Our combined cash, cash equivalents and available for sale investments were $7.6 million at September 30, 2016. At
September 30, 2016, we held $5.6 million in available for sale investments, primarily in FDIC insured or U.S. government backed
securities. 

If we engage in merger or acquisition transactions or our overall operating plans change,
we may require additional equity or debt financing to meet future working capital needs, which may have a dilutive effect on existing
stockholders or may include securities that have rights, preferences or privileges senior to those of the rights of our common
stock. We cannot make assurances that if additional financing is required, it will be available, or that such financing can be
obtained on satisfactory terms. 

From December 31, 2015 to September 30, 2016, cash, cash equivalents and available for
sale investments increased by $888,000 for the reasons described below. 

Operating Activities   

 Net cash provided by operating activities was $2.5 million for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 compared to $1.6 million in the same period in 2015. The increase of $900,000 in net cash provided by operating
activities is attributable to a decrease in vendor disbursements partially offset by an increase of customer receipts and a greater
net loss. 

Investing Activities   

 Net cash used in investing activities was $1.9 million in the nine months ended September
30, 2016, compared to $1.6 million in the same period in 2015. The increase of $300,000 in cash used in investing activities is
attributable to a $1.3 million decrease in sales and maturities of investments, partially offset by a $1.0 million decrease in
purchases of investments. 

Financing Activities   

 Net cash provided by financing activities was $20,000 for the nine months ended September
30, 2016, compared to $223,000 in the same period in the prior year. The decrease in cash provided by financing activities is due
to a $203,000 decrease in proceeds from stock option exercises. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk.  

The disclosures under this Item are not required for smaller reporting companies. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures  

The Company conducted an evaluation (pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act")), under the supervision and with the participation of management, including the Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Rule 13a-15(e)) as of September 30, 2016.  Based on the evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer have concluded that these disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2016. 

We made no change in our internal control over financial reporting during the fiscal
quarter ended September 30, 2016 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control
over financial reporting. We intend to continue to refine our internal control over financial reporting on an ongoing basis, as
we deem appropriate with a view towards continuous improvement. 

PART II. OTHER
INFORMATION   

Item 1. Legal Proceedings  

From time to time, legal proceedings may arise in the ordinary course of business. Although
the outcomes of legal proceedings are inherently difficult to predict, we are not currently involved in any legal proceeding in
which the outcome, in our judgment based on information currently available, is likely to have a material adverse effect on our
business or financial position. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors  

There have been no material changes in our risk factors from those disclosed in Part
I, Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  

None. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities  

None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures  

Not applicable 

Item 5. Other Information  

None. 

Item 6. Exhibits  

Number 
     Description  

31.1++  
     Certification of Henry G. Riner, Chief Executive Officer and President of Onvia, Inc., Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

31.2++  
     Certification of Cameron S. Way, Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer of Onvia, Inc., Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

32.1++  
     Certification of Henry G. Riner, Chief Executive Officer and President of Onvia, Inc., Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

32.2++  
     Certification of Cameron S. Way, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Onvia, Inc., Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

101++  
     101.INS     
     XBRL Instance Document  

101.SCH    
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema  

101.CAL    
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase  

101.LAB    
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase  

101.PRE     
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase  

101.DEF     
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase  

++ Furnished herewith 

SIGNATURES   

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has
duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

ONVIA, INC. 

By:   
     /s/ Henry G. Riner 

Henry G. Riner 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

By:   
     /s/ Cameron S. Way 

Cameron S. Way 

Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer 

Date: November 8, 2016 

22 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exh_311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Henry G. Riner, certify that: 

2.  Based on my knowledge, this Report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this Report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this Report, fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this Report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a.  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this Report is being prepared;   

b.  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c.  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this Report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this Report based on
such evaluation; and   

d.  Disclosed in this Report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant's most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's
internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors
(or persons performing the equivalent function):   

a.  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and   

b.  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.   

/s/ Henry G. Riner  

Henry G. Riner  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

November 8, 2016  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exh_312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Cameron S. Way, certify that: 

2.  Based on my knowledge, this Report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this Report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this Report, fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this Report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a.  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this Report is being prepared;   

b.  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c.  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this Report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this Report based on
such evaluation; and   

d.  Disclosed in this Report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant's most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's
internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors
(or persons performing the equivalent function):   

a.  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and   

b.  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.   

/s/ Cameron S. Way  

Cameron S. Way  

Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer  

November 8, 2016  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 exh_321.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Onvia, Inc. (the  Company )
on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the
 Report ), I, Henry G. Riner, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1.  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934; and   

2.  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of the Company.   

/s/ Henry G. Riner 

Henry G. Riner 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

November 8, 2016 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section
906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the
electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Onvia, Inc. and will be retained by
Onvia, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 exh_322.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Onvia, Inc. (the  Company )
on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the
 Report ), I, Cameron S. Way, Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1.  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934; and   

2.  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of the Company.   

/s/ Cameron S. Way 

Cameron S. Way 

Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer 

November 8, 2016 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section
906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the
electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Onvia, Inc. and will be retained by
Onvia, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 onvi-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 onvi-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 onvi-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 onvi-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 onvi-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 onvi-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

