<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1563922_0001615774-16-008234_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7057927</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>216364</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>375544</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1928622</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2927285</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1433958</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>46</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001615774-16-008234.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114125716
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001615774-16-008234
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		70
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Greenbacker Renewable Energy Co LLC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001563922
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRIC SERVICES [4911]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55610
		FILM NUMBER:		161992962

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O GREENBACKER CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LLC
		STREET 2:		369 LEXINGTON AVENUE, SUITE 312
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10017
		BUSINESS PHONE:		646-237-7884

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O GREENBACKER CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LLC
		STREET 2:		369 LEXINGTON AVENUE, SUITE 312
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10017

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001615774-16-008234.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 s104474_10q.htm
 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

(Mark One)  

For the quarterly period ended September
30, 2016  

OR  

Commission file number: 000-55610  

GREENBACKER
RENEWABLE ENERGY COMPANY LLC    

  (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified
in its Charter)  

Delaware   
       
       80-0872648    
 
       (State or Other Jurisdiction of   
       
       (I.R.S. Employer    
 
       Incorporation or Organization)   
       
       Identification No.)    

369 Lexington Avenue, Suite 312  
 New York, NY 10017   

  Tel (646) 237-7884   

  (Address, including zip code and telephone
number, including area code, of registrants Principal Executive 
Office)  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant:
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes  x      No     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes  x    No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act. (check one): 

Large accelerated filer  
         
      Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  
      x      (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  
      Smaller reporting company  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes       
No  x  

As of November 4,
2016, the registrant had 13,678,525 shares of common stock, $0.001 par value, outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

PAGE    

PART I.   
        FINANCIAL INFORMATION    

Item 1.  
       Consolidated Financial Statements   

Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities as of September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015   
     3  

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)   
     4  

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)   
     5  

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)   
     7  

Consolidated Schedules of Investments as of September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015   
     8  

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)   
     10  

Item 2.  
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
     35  

Item 3.  
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
     65  

Item 4.  
       Controls and Procedures   
     66  

PART II.   
        OTHER INFORMATION    
     66  

Item 1.  
       Legal Proceedings   
     66  

Item 1A.  
       Risk Factors   
     66  

Item 2.  
       Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
     66  

Item 3.  
       Defaults Upon Senior Securities   
     66  

Item 4.  
       Mine Safety Disclosures   
     66  

Item 5.  
       Other Information   
     66  

Item 6.  
       Exhibits   
     67  

Signatures   
       
     68  

2   

Part I. Financial Information  

Item 1. Consolidated Financial Statements   

    GREENBACKER RENEWABLE ENERGY COMPANY
LLC AND SUBSIDIARY  

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF ASSETS AND
LIABILITIES  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

3   

GREENBACKER RENEWABLE ENERGY COMPANY
LLC AND SUBSIDIARY  

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS  

  (unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

4   

GREENBACKER RENEWABLE ENERGY COMPANY
LLC AND SUBSIDIARY  

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF NET ASSETS  

  For the nine months ended September 30,
2016  

  (unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

5   

GREENBACKER RENEWABLE ENERGY COMPANY
LLC AND SUBSIDIARY  

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF NET ASSETS  

  For the nine months ended September 30,
2015  

  (unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

6   

GREENBACKER RENEWABLE ENERGY COMPANY
LLC AND SUBSIDIARY  

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS  

  (unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

7   

GREENBACKER RENEWABLE ENERGY COMPANY
LLC AND SUBSIDIARY  

  CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS  

  September 30, 2016  

  (unaudited)  

(a) Percentages are based on net assets of $113,555,181
as of September 30, 2016. 

 (b) Per the loan agreement, interest commenced on
January 24, 2016. 

 (c) Application and commitment fees of $916,633 are
being amortized over the term of the loan. 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

8   

GREENBACKER RENEWABLE ENERGY COMPANY
LLC AND SUBSIDIARY  

  CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS  

  December 31, 2015  

(a) Percentages are based on net assets of $57,688,078
as of December 31, 2015. 

 (b) Interest commences the earlier of the Operational
Date or January 24, 2016. 

 (c) Commitment fees payable on maturity of the loan. 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

9   

GREENBACKER RENEWABLE ENERGY COMPANY
LLC AND SUBSIDIARY  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  September 30, 2016 (unaudited)  

Note 1. Organization and Operations of the Company  

Greenbacker Renewable Energy Company LLC
(the  LLC ), a Delaware limited liability company, is an externally managed energy company that acquires and manages
income-generating renewable energy and energy efficiency projects, and other energy-related businesses, as well as finances the
construction and/or operation of these and sustainable development projects and businesses. The LLC conducts substantially all
of its operations through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Greenbacker Renewable Energy Corporation ( GREC ). GREC is a
Maryland corporation formed in November 2011 and the LLC currently holds all of the outstanding shares of capital stock of GREC.
The LLC and GREC (collectively  we ,  us ,  our , and the  company ) are externally
managed and advised by Greenbacker Capital Management LLC (the  advisor  or  GCM ), a renewable energy,
energy efficiency and sustainability related project acquisition, consulting and development company. The LLC s fiscal year
end is December 31. 

Pursuant to a Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-178786-01), the company is offering on
a continuous basis up to $1,500,000,000 in shares of limited liability company interests, or the shares, including up to $250,000,000
of shares pursuant to a distribution reinvestment plan ( DRP ), on a  best efforts  basis through SC Distributors,
LLC, the dealer manager, meaning it is not required to sell any specific number or dollar amount of shares. The company is publicly
offering three classes of shares, Class A, C and I shares, in any combination with a dollar value up to the maximum offering amount.
In addition, the company is privately offering two classes of shares, Class P-A and P-I shares. The share classes have different
selling commissions, dealer manager fees and there is an ongoing distribution fee with respect to Class C shares. The company has
adopted a DRP pursuant to which a shareholder owning publicly offered share classes may elect to have the full amount of cash distributions
reinvested in additional shares. The company reserves the right to reallocate the offered shares within each offering between each
and any share class and between its public offering and the DRP. 

Each quarter, our advisor, utilizing the
services of an independent valuation firm when necessary, reviews and approves the net asset value for each class of shares, subject
to the oversight of the company s board of directors. The company expects such determination will ordinarily be made within
30 days after each such completed fiscal quarter. To the extent that the net asset value per share on the most recent valuation
date increases above or decreases below the net proceeds per share, the company will adjust the offering prices of all classes
of shares. The adjustments to the per share offering prices, which will become effective five business days after such determination
is published, will ensure that after the effective date of the new offering prices, the offering prices per share, after deduction
of selling commissions, dealer manager fees and organization and offering expenses, are not above or below net asset value per
share as of the most recent valuation date. The purchase price per share to be paid by each investor will be equal to the price
that is in effect on the date such investor submits his or her completed subscription agreement. The company s shares are
offered in the primary offering at a price based on the most recent valuation, plus related selling commissions, dealer manager
fees and organization and offering expenses. Five days after the completion of each quarter end valuation, shares will be offered
pursuant to the DRP at a price equal to the current offering price per each class of shares, less the sales selling commissions
and dealer manager fees associated with that class of shares in the primary offering. 

An inability to raise substantial funds would
increase our fixed operating expenses as a percentage of gross revenue and income, reduce our flexibility to implement the company s
business plans, and could adversely affect our ability to make distributions. 

10   

The company has initially focused on
solar energy and wind energy projects as well as energy efficiency projects.  The company believes solar energy projects
generally offer more predictable power generation characteristics, due to the relative predictability of sunlight over the
course of time compared to other renewable energy classes. Thus, the company expects they will provide more stable income
streams. However, technological advances in wind turbines and other energy generation technologies, as well as government
incentives, make wind energy and other types of projects attractive as well. Solar energy projects provide maximum energy
production during the middle of the day and in the summer months when days are longer and nights shorter. Solar energy
projects tend to have minimal environmental impact enabling such projects to be developed close to areas of dense population
where electricity demand is highest. Solar technology is scalable and well-established and it is a relatively simple process
to integrate new acquisitions and projects into our portfolio. Unlike solar energy projects, maximum wind power
energy generation generally occurs in the winter months as the occurrence of wind is usually greater than in the summer
months. Over time, we expect to broaden our strategy to include other types of renewable energy projects and energy
efficiency projects and businesses, which may include hydropower assets, geothermal plants, biomass and biofuel assets,
combined heat and power technology assets, fuel cell assets and other energy efficiency assets, among others, and to the
extent we deem an opportunity attractive, other energy and sustainability related assets and businesses. 

As of September 30, 2016, the company has
made solar, wind and energy efficiency investments in nine portfolios, eight domiciled in the United States and one in Canada,
as well as one energy efficiency secured loan and one loan secured by wind turbines in the United States (See Note 3). As of December
31, 2015, the company had made solar and wind investments in seven portfolios, six domiciled in the United States and one in Canada,
as well as certain energy efficiency secured loans and leases in the United States. 

Note 2. Significant Accounting Policies  

Basis of Presentation  

The company s consolidated financial
statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ), which requires the
use of estimates, assumptions and the exercise of subjective judgment as to future uncertainties. Actual results could differ from
those estimates, assumptions, and judgments. Significant items subject to such estimates will include determining the fair value
of investments, revenue recognition, income tax uncertainties, and other contingencies. The consolidated financial statements of
the company include the accounts of the LLC and its consolidated subsidiary, GREC. All intercompany accounts and transactions have
been eliminated. 

The company s consolidated financial
statements are prepared using the specialized accounting principles of Accounting Standards Codification Topic 946, Financial Services Investment
Companies ( ASC Topic 946 ). In accordance with this specialized accounting guidance, the company recognizes and carries
all of its investments at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in earnings. Additionally, the company will not apply
the consolidation or equity method of accounting to its investments. The company carries its liabilities at amounts payable, net
of unamortized premiums or discounts. The company does not currently plan to elect to carry its non-investment liabilities at fair
value. Net assets are calculated as the carrying amounts of assets, including the fair value of investments, less the carrying
amounts of its liabilities. 

The financial information associated with
the September 30, 2016 consolidated financial statements has been prepared by management and, in the opinion of management, contains
all adjustments and eliminations, consisting of only normal recurring adjustments, necessary for a fair presentation in accordance
with GAAP. The September 30, 2016 financial information has not been audited by the independent registered public accounting firm
and they do not express an opinion thereon. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents  

Cash consists of demand deposits at a financial
institution. Such deposits may be in excess of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation insurance limits. The company has not
experienced any losses in any such accounts. 

The company considers all highly liquid investments
purchased with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. Short-term investments that are cash equivalents
are stated at cost, which approximates fair value. There are no restrictions on the use of the company s cash as of September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

11   

Foreign Currency Translation  

The accounting records of the company are
maintained in U.S. Dollars. The fair value of investments and other assets and liabilities denominated in non-U.S. currencies are
translated into U.S. Dollars using the exchange rate at the end of each reporting period. Amounts related to the purchases and
sales of investments, investment income and expenses are translated at the rates of exchange prevailing on the respective dates
of such transactions. 

Net unrealized currency gains and losses
arising from valuing foreign currency denominated assets and liabilities at the current exchange rate are reflected as part of
net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on translation of assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies. 

Valuation of Investments at Fair Value  

Accounting Standards Codification Topic 820,
Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures (formerly Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 157, Fair Value Measurements)
( ASC Topic 820 ) defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value in accordance with GAAP and
expands disclosures about fair value. The company recognizes and accounts for its investments at fair value. The fair value of
the investments does not reflect transaction costs that may be incurred upon disposition of the investments. 

Fair value is defined as the price that would
be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants. Fair value
is an exchange price notion under which fair value is the price in an orderly transaction between market participants to sell an
asset or transfer a liability in the market in which the reporting entity would transact for the asset or liability. 

The advisor has established procedures to
estimate the fair value of its investments which the company s board of directors has reviewed and approved. The company
will use observable market data to estimate the fair value of investments to the extent that market data is available. In the absence
of quoted market prices in active markets, or quoted market prices for similar assets or in markets that are not active, the company
will use the valuation methodologies described below with unobservable data based on the best available information in the circumstances,
which incorporates the company s assumptions about the factors that a market participant would use to value the asset. 

For investments for which quoted market prices
are not available, which will comprise most of our investment portfolio, fair value will be estimated by using the income or market
approach. The income approach is based on the assumption that value is created by the expectation of future benefits discounted
to a current value and the fair value estimate is the amount an investor would be willing to pay to receive those future benefits.
The market approach compares recent comparable transactions to the investment. Adjustments are made for any dissimilarity between
the comparable transactions and the investments. These valuation methodologies involve a significant degree of judgment on the
part of our advisor. 

In determining the appropriate fair value
of an investment using these approaches, the most significant information and assumptions may include, as applicable: available
current market data, including relevant and applicable comparable market transactions, applicable market yields and multiples,
security covenants, call protection provisions, information rights, the nature and realizable value of any collateral, the investment s
ability to make payments, its earnings and discounted cash flows, the markets in which the project does business, comparisons of
financial ratios of peer companies that are public, merger and acquisition comparables, the principal market and enterprise values,
environmental factors, among other factors. 

The estimated fair values will not
necessarily represent the amounts that may be ultimately realized due to the occurrence or nonoccurrence of future circumstances
that cannot be reasonably determined. Because of the inherent uncertainty of the valuation of the investments, the estimate of
fair values may differ significantly from the value that would have been used had a broader market for the investments existed. 

The authoritative accounting guidance prioritizes
the use of market-based inputs over entity-specific inputs and establishes a three-level hierarchy for fair value measurements
based upon the transparency of inputs to the valuation. The three levels of valuation hierarchy are defined as follows: 

12   

Level 1:    Quoted prices in active markets
for identical assets or liabilities, accessible by us at the measurement date. Valuation adjustments and block discounts are not
applied to Level 1 measurements;  

Level 2:    Valuations based on quoted
prices in less active, dealer or broker markets. Fair values are primarily obtained from third-party pricing services or broker
quotes for identical or comparable assets or liabilities;  

Level 3:    Valuations derived from
other valuation methodologies, including pricing models, discounted cash flow models and similar techniques, and not based on
market, exchange, dealer, or broker-traded transactions. Level 3 valuations incorporate certain assumptions and projections that
are not observable in the market and significant professional judgment in determining the fair value assigned to such assets or
liabilities.  

In all cases, the level in the fair value
hierarchy within which the fair value measurement in its entirety falls will be determined based on the lowest level of input that
is significant to the fair value measurement. Our assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement
in its entirety requires judgment and considers factors specific to each investment. 

Calculation of Net Asset Value  

Net asset value by class is calculated by
subtracting total liabilities for each class from the total carrying amount of all assets for that class, which includes the fair
value of investments. Net asset value per share is calculated by dividing net asset value for each class by the total number of
outstanding common shares for that class on the reporting date. 

Earnings (Loss) per Share  

In accordance with the provisions of ASC
Topic 260   Earnings per Share ( ASC Topic 260 ), basic earnings per share is computed by dividing earnings available
to common shareholders by the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the period. Other potentially dilutive common
shares, and the related impact to earnings, are considered when calculating earnings per share on a diluted basis. 

The following information sets forth the
computation of the weighted average basic and diluted net increase in net assets attributed to common stockholders per share for
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015: 

13   

Revenue Recognition  

Interest income is recorded on an accrual
basis to the extent the company expects to collect such amounts. Interest receivable on loans and debt securities is not accrued
for accounting purposes if there is reason to doubt an ability to collect such interest. Original issue discounts, market discounts
or market premiums are accreted or amortized using the effective interest method as interest income. Prepayment premiums on loans
and debt securities are recorded as interest income when received. Any application, origination or other fees earned by the company
in arranging or issuing debt are amortized over the expected term of the loan. 

Loans are placed on non-accrual status when
principal and interest are past due 90 days or more or when there is a reasonable doubt that principal or interest will be collected.
Accrued interest is generally reversed when a loan is placed on non-accrual. Interest payments received on non-accrual loans may
be recognized as income or applied to principal depending upon management s judgment. Non-accrual loans are generally restored
to accrual status when past due and principal and interest is paid and, in management s judgment, is likely to remain current. 

Dividend income is recorded (1) on the ex-dividend
date for publicly issued securities and (2) when received from private investments. 

Net Realized Gains or Losses and Net Change in Unrealized
Appreciation or Depreciation on Investments  

Realized gains or losses will be measured
as the difference between the net proceeds from the sale, repayment, or disposal of an asset and the adjusted cost basis of the
asset, without regard to unrealized appreciation or depreciation previously recognized. Net change in unrealized appreciation or
depreciation will reflect the change in investment values during the reporting period, including any reversal of previously recorded
unrealized appreciation or depreciation, when gains or losses are realized. 

Payment-in-Kind Interest  

For loans and debt securities with contractual
payment-in-kind interest, any interest will be added to the principal balance of such investments and be recorded
as income, if the valuation indicates that such interest is collectible. 

Distribution Policy  

Distributions to members, if any, will be
authorized and declared by our board of directors quarterly in advance and paid on a monthly basis. From time to time, we may also
pay interim special distributions in the form of cash or shares, with the approval of our board of directors. Distributions will
be made on all classes of shares at the same time. The cash distributions with respect to the Class C shares will be lower than
the cash distributions with respect the company s other publicly offered share classes because of the distribution fee associated
with the Class C shares, which is allocated specifically to Class C net assets. Amounts distributed to each class are allocated
amongst the holders of the shares in such class in proportion to their shares. Distributions declared by our board of directors
are recognized as distribution liabilities on the ex-dividend date. 

Organization and Offering Costs  

Organization and offering costs ( O O
costs ), other than sales commissions and the dealer manager fee, are initially being paid by our advisor and/or dealer manager
on behalf of the company. These O O costs include all costs to be paid by the company in connection with its formation and
the offering of its shares pursuant to a Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-178786-01) and a private placement memorandum,
including legal, accounting, printing, mailing and filing fees, charges of the company s escrow holder, transfer agent fees,
due diligence expense reimbursements to participating broker-dealers included in detailed and itemized invoices and costs in connection
with administrative oversight of the offering and marketing process, and preparing supplemental sales materials, holding educational
conferences and attending retail seminars conducted by broker-dealers. While the total O O costs for the public offering shall
be reasonable and shall in no event exceed an amount equal to 15% of the gross proceeds of this offering and the DRP, the company
is currently targeting no more than 4% of the gross proceeds for O O costs other than sales commissions and dealer manager
fees. The company is obligated to reimburse our advisor for O O costs that it incurs on behalf of the company, in accordance
with the advisory agreement, but only to the extent that the reimbursement would not cause the selling commissions, the dealer
manager fee and the other organization and offering expenses borne by the company to exceed 15% of gross offering proceeds as of
the date of reimbursement. 

14   

The costs incurred by our advisor
and/or dealer manager are recognized as a liability of the company to the extent that the company is obligated to reimburse our
advisor and/or dealer manager, subject to the 15% of gross offering proceeds limitation described above. When recognized by the
company, organizational costs are expensed and offering costs, excluding selling commissions and dealer manager fees, are recognized
as a reduction of the proceeds from the offering. 

The following table provides information in regard to the status of O O costs (in 000 s) as
of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

Financing Costs  

Financing costs related to debt liabilities
incurred by the company, GREC or any wholly-owned holding company formed specifically to be a credit agreement counterparty are
presented on the consolidated statements of assets and liabilities as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt
liability. 

Capital Gains Incentive Allocation and Distribution  

Pursuant to the terms of the LLC s
amended and restated limited liability company agreement, a capital gains incentive distribution will be earned by an affiliate
of our advisor on realized gains from the sale of investments from the company s portfolio during operations prior to a liquidation
of the company. While the terms of the advisory agreement neither include nor contemplate the inclusion of unrealized gains in
the calculation of the capital gains incentive distribution, pursuant to an interpretation of an American Institute for Certified
Public Accountants Technical Practice Aid for investment companies, the company will include unrealized gains in the calculation
of the capital gains incentive distribution expense and related capital gains incentive fee payable. This amount reflects the incentive
distribution that would be payable if the company s entire portfolio was liquidated at its fair value as of the consolidated
statements of assets and liabilities date even though the advisor is not entitled to an incentive distribution with respect to
unrealized gains unless and until such gains are actually realized. Thus on each date that net asset value is calculated, the company
calculates for the capital gains incentive distribution by calculating such distribution as if it were due and payable as of the
end of such period. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, a capital gains incentive distribution allocation in the amount
of $341,961 and $286,259, respectively, was recorded based primarily upon unrealized gains. 

Deferred Sales Commissions   

The
company defers certain costs, principally sales commissions and related compensation, which are paid to the dealer manager and
may be reallowed to financial advisors and broker/dealers in the future in connection with the sale of Class C shares sold with
a reduced front-end load sales charge. The costs expected to be incurred at the time of the sale of Class C shares are recorded
as a liability on the date of sale and are amortized on a straight-line basis over the period beginning at the time of sale and
ending on the date which approximates an expected liquidity event for the company. Prior to June 30, 2016, the company did not
record a liability at time of the sale for expected deferred sales commissions. As of September 30, 2016, the company has recorded
a liability for deferred sales commissions in the amount of $207,982. 

15   

Reclassifications  

Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified
to conform with current year presentation. 

Derivative Instruments  

The company may utilize interest rate swaps
to modify interest rate characteristics of certain liabilities to manage its exposure to interest rate fluctuations. Changes in
the fair value of the interest rate swaps during the period are recognized in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations
where the company, GREC or any wholly-owned holding company formed specifically to be a credit agreement counterparty is the counterparty
and in the change in fair value of investments if a subsidiary of the company is the counterparty. 

While we are currently of the opinion that
the currency fluctuation between the Canadian and U.S. Dollar will not have a material impact on our operating results, we may
in the future enter into derivatives or other financial instruments in an attempt to hedge our foreign currency exchange risk if
we believe not doing so would have a material impact on our results of operations. 

Income Taxes  

The LLC intends to operate so that it will
qualify to be treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes under the Internal Revenue Code. As such, it will not
be subject to any U.S. federal and state income taxes. In any particular year it is possible that the LLC will not meet the qualifying
income exception and will not qualify to be treated as a partnership. If the LLC does not meet the qualifying income exception,
the members would then be treated as stockholders in a corporation and the company would become taxable as a corporation for U.S.
federal income tax purposes under the Internal Revenue Code. The LLC would be required to pay income tax at corporate rates on
its net taxable income. Distributions to members from the LLC would constitute dividend income taxable to such members, to the
extent of the company s earnings and profits and the payment of the distributions would not be deductible by the LLC. 

The LLC plans to conduct substantially all
of its operations through its wholly-owned subsidiary, GREC, which is a corporation that is subject to U.S. federal, state and
local income taxes. Accordingly, most of its operations will be subject to U.S. federal, state and local income taxes. 

Income taxes are accounted for under the
assets and liabilities method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recorded for the estimated future tax consequences attributable
to differences between items that are recognized in the consolidated financial statements and tax returns in different years. Deferred
tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those
temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in
tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. For income tax benefits to be recognized including
uncertain tax benefits, a tax position must be more-likely-than-not to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. The
amount recognized is measured as the largest amount of the benefit that is more likely than not to be realized upon ultimate settlement.
A valuation allowance is established against net deferred tax assets if, based on the weight of available evidence, it is more
likely than not that some or all of the net deferred tax assets will not be realized. Changes in recognition or measurement are
reflected in the period in which the change in judgment occurs. Interest and penalties associated with income taxes, if any, will
be recognized in general and administrative expense. 

The company does not consolidate its investments
for financial statements, rather it accounts for its investments at fair value under the specialized accounting of ASC Topic 946.
The tax attributes of the individual investments will be considered and incorporated in the company s fair value estimates
for those investments. The amounts recognized in the consolidated financial statements for unrealized appreciation and depreciation
will result in a difference between the consolidated financial statements and the cost basis of the assets for tax purposes. These
differences will be recognized as deferred tax assets and liabilities. Generally, the entities that hold the company s investments
will be included in the consolidated tax return of GREC and the differences between the amounts recognized for financial statement
purposes and the tax return will be recognized as additional deferred tax assets and liabilities. 

16   

The company follows the authoritative guidance
on accounting for uncertainty in income taxes and concluded it has no material uncertain tax positions to be recognized at this
time. 

The company assessed its tax positions for
all open tax years as of September 30, 2016 for all U.S. federal and state tax jurisdictions for the years 2012 through 2015. The
results of this assessment are included in the company s tax provision and deferred tax assets as of September 30, 2016. 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements   

Under the Jumpstart Our Business Startups
Act (the  JOBS Act ), emerging growth companies can delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards until
such time as those standards apply to private companies. The company is choosing not to take advantage of the extended transition
period for complying with new or revised accounting standards. 

In August 2014, the Financial Accounting
Standards Board ( FASB ) issued new accounting guidance that requires management to assess an entity s ability
to continue as a going concern by incorporating and expanding upon certain principles that are currently in U.S. auditing standards.
The amendments provide a definition of the term  substantial doubt  and include principles for considering the mitigating
effect of management s plans. The amendments also require an evaluation every reporting period, including interim periods
for a period of one year after the date that the financial statements are issued (or available to be issued), and certain disclosures
when substantial doubt is alleviated or not alleviated. The amendments in this update are effective for reporting periods ending
after December 15, 2016. Management is of the opinion that adopting this new accounting guidance will not have any material effect
on the company s consolidated financial statements. 

Updated Footnote Disclosure  

Certain footnote disclosures
have been updated to enhance information presented pertaining to the value of shares sold and shares issued through the reinvestment
of distributions. The impact of these additional disclosures is not material to the previously issued consolidated financial statements
as of and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

Note 3. Investments  

The composition of the company s investments
as of September 30, 2016, at cost and fair value, were as follows: 

17   

The composition of the company s
investments as of December 31, 2015, at cost and fair value, were as follows: 

The counterparty to all the energy
efficiency investments held by the company as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 is a related party (See Note 5). 

The composition of the company s investments
as of September 30, 2016 by geographic region, at cost and fair value, were as follows: 

18   

The composition of the company s investments
as of December 31, 2015 by geographic region, at cost and fair value, were as follows: 

The composition of the company s investments
as of September 30, 2016 by industry, at cost and fair value, were as follows: 

The composition of the company s investments
as of December 31, 2015 by industry, at cost and fair value, were as follows: 

Investments held as of September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015 are considered Control Investments, which are defined as investments in companies in which the company owns
25% or more of the voting securities of such company, have greater than 50% representation on such company s board of directors
or investments in limited liability companies for which the company serves as a managing member. 

Note 4. Fair Value Measurements - Investment  

The following table presents fair value measurements
of investments, by major class, as of September 30, 2016, according to the fair value hierarchy: 

19   

The following table presents fair value measurements
of investments, by major class, as of December 31, 2015, according to the fair value hierarchy: 

The following table provides a reconciliation
of the beginning and ending balances for investments that use Level 3 inputs for the nine months ended September 30, 2016: 

(1)    Includes purchases of
new investments, capitalized deal costs, effects of purchase price adjustments, return of capital and additional investments in
existing investments, if any.  

(2)    Includes principal repayments
on loans.  

The total change in unrealized appreciation
included in the consolidated statements of operations within net change in unrealized appreciation on investments for the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2016 attributable to Level 3 investments still held at September 30, 2016 was $1,166,483 and
$199,429, respectively. Reclassifications impacting Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy are reported as transfers in or out of
the Level 3 as of the beginning of the period which the reclassifications occur. 

Net change in unrealized appreciation on
investments at fair value for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $1,166,483 and $199,429, respectively, included
within net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments in the consolidated statements of operations. Net realized
gains on investments for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 was nil and $4,578, respectively. 

The following table provides a reconciliation
of the beginning and ending balances for investments that use Level 3 inputs for the nine months ended September 30, 2015: 

(1)    Includes purchases of new
investments, capitalized deal costs and effects of purchase price adjustments, if any.  

20   

The total change in unrealized appreciation
included in the consolidated statements of operations within net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments
for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 attributable to Level 3 investments still held at September 30, 2015 was
$436,252 and $847,479, respectively. Reclassifications impacting Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy are reported as transfers
in or out of the Level 3 as of the beginning of the period which the reclassifications occur. There were no transfers among Levels
1, 2 and 3 during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

Net change in unrealized appreciation on
investments at fair value for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 was $436,252 and $847,479, respectively, included
within net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments in the consolidated statements of operations. There
were no net realized gains or losses on investments at fair value for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

As of September 30, 2016, all of the company s
portfolio investments utilized Level 3 inputs. The following table presents the quantitative information about Level 3 fair value
measurements of the company s investments as of September 30, 2016: 

As of December 31, 2015, all of the company s
portfolio investments utilized Level 3 inputs. The following table presents the quantitative information about Level 3 fair value
measurements of the company s investments as of December 31, 2015: 

Fair Value       
     Valuation  Techniques    
     Unobservable  Inputs    
     Rates/Assumptions  
 
     Alternative Energy - Solar    
     $  42,703,407       
     Income, cost and market approach    
     Discount rate,  future kWh Production,   and estimated remaining useful life    
     7.0% - 8.30%,  0. 50% annual  degradation in production,   32.3 years  
 
     Alternative Energy   Wind    
     $  7,093,750       
     Cost approach    

Energy Efficiency- Secured Loans and Leases   Lighting Replacement    
     $  1,657,409       
     Income and collateral based approach    
     Market yields   and value of collateral    
     10.25% - 12.0%  

The significant unobservable inputs used
in the fair value measurement of the company s limited liability company member interests are discount rates and estimates
related to the future production of electricity. Significant increases in the discount rate used or actual kilowatt hour ( kWh )
production meaningfully less than projected production would result in a significantly lower fair value measurement. 

21   

Note 5. Related Party Agreements And Transactions Agreements  

The company has executed advisory and administration
agreements with the advisor and Greenbacker Administration, LLC, our administrator, respectively, as well as a dealer manager agreement
with the dealer manager, which entitles the advisor, certain affiliates of the advisor, and the dealer manager to specified fees
upon the provision of certain services with regard to the offering of the company s shares and the ongoing management of
the company as well as reimbursement of O O costs incurred by the advisor and the dealer manager on behalf of the company (as
discussed in Note 2) and certain other operating costs incurred by the advisor on behalf of the company. The term  Special
Unitholder  refers to GREC Advisors, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, which is a subsidiary of our advisor, and
 special unit , refers to the special unit of limited liability company interest in GREC entitling the Special Unitholder
to an incentive allocation and distribution. In addition, the company and the advisor entered into an expense reimbursement agreement
whereby the advisor agrees to reimburse the company for certain expenses above certain limits and be repaid when the company s
expenses are reduced below that threshold. The fees and reimbursement obligations are as follows: 

Type of Compensation and Recipient   
       
       Determination of Amount     
 
      Selling Commissions   Dealer Manager  
       
      Up to 7% of gross offering proceeds from the sale of Class A and Class P-A shares and up to 3% of gross offering proceeds from the sale of Class C shares. No selling commission will be paid with respect to Class I or Class P-I shares or for sales pursuant to the dividend reinvestment plan. All of its selling commissions are expected to be re-allowed to participating broker- dealers.   

Dealer Manager Fee   Dealer Manager  
       
      Up to 2.75% of gross offering proceeds from the sale of Class A, P-A and C shares, and 1.75% of gross offering proceeds from the sale of Class I shares. No dealer manager fee will be paid for sales pursuant to the dividend reinvestment plan. The dealer manager may re-allow a portion of its dealer manager fee to selected broker-dealers.   

Distribution Fee   Dealer Manager  
       
      With respect to Class C shares only, the company will pay the dealer manager a distribution fee that accrues daily in an amount equal to 1/366 th  of 0.80% of the amount of the net asset value for the Class C shares for such day on a continuous basis from year to year. The company will stop paying distribution fees at the earlier of a listing of the Class C shares on a national securities exchange, following the completion of this offering, total underwriting compensation in this offering equals 10% of the gross proceeds from the primary offering or Class C shares are no longer outstanding. The dealer manager may re-allow all or a portion of the distribution fee to participating broker-dealers and servicing broker dealers. Commencing as of June 30, 2016, the company estimates the amount of distribution fees expected to be paid and records that liability at the time of sale.   

O O costs   Advisor  
       
      The company reimburses the advisor for the O O costs (other than selling commissions and dealer manager fees) it has incurred on the company s behalf only to the extent that the reimbursement would not cause the selling commissions, dealer manager fee and the other O O costs borne by the company to exceed 15.0% of the gross offering proceeds as the amount of proceeds increases. The company has currently targeted an offering expense ratio of 4.0% for O O costs over the term of
this public offering.   

22   

Base Management Fees   Advisor  
       
      The base management fee payable to GCM will be calculated at a monthly rate of 0.167% (2.00% annually) of our gross assets (including amounts borrowed). For services rendered under the advisory agreement, the base management fee will be payable monthly in arrears. The base management fee will be calculated based on the average of the values of our gross assets for each day of the prior month. Base management fees for any partial period will be appropriately pro-rated. The base management fee may be deferred or waived, in whole or part, at the election of the advisor. All or any part of the deferred base management fee not taken as to any period shall be deferred without interest and may be taken in any period prior to the occurrence of a liquidity event as the advisor shall determine in its sole discretion.   

Incentive Allocation and Distribution   Special Unitholder  
       
      The incentive distribution to which the Special Unitholder is entitled to will be calculated and payable quarterly in arrears based on the pre-incentive distribution net investment income for the immediately preceding fiscal quarter. For this purpose, pre-incentive distribution net investment income means interest income, dividend and distribution income from equity investments (excluding that portion of distributions that are treated as return of capital) and any other income (including any other fees, such as commitment, origination, structuring, diligence and consulting fees or other fees that we receive, but excluding any fees for providing managerial assistance) accrued during the fiscal quarter, minus the operating expenses for the fiscal quarter (including the base management fee, expenses payable under the administration agreement with the company s Administrator, and any interest expense and distributions paid on any issued and outstanding indebtedness and preferred units of limited liability company interest, but excluding the incentive distribution). Pre-incentive distribution net investment income does not include any realized capital gains, realized capital losses, unrealized capital appreciation or depreciation or any accrued income taxes and other taxes including, but not limited to, franchise, property, and sales taxes.   

Pre-incentive distribution net investment income, expressed as a rate of return on the value of the company s average adjusted capital at the end of the immediately preceding fiscal quarter, will be compared to a  hurdle rate  of 1.75% per fiscal quarter (7.00% annualized). Adjusted capital shall mean: cumulative gross proceeds before sales and commission and dealer fees, generated from sales of the company s shares and preferred units of limited liability company interests (including the DRP) reduced for distributions to members of proceeds from non-liquidation dispositions of asset and amount paid for share repurchases pursuant to the Share Repurchase Program. Average adjusted capital shall mean: the average value of the adjusted capital for the two most recently completed fiscal quarters. The Special Unitholder shall receive an incentive distribution with respect to the pre-incentive distribution net investment income in each fiscal quarter as follows:   

23   

no incentive distribution in any fiscal quarter in which the pre-incentive distribution net investment income does not exceed the  hurdle rate  of 1.75%;   

100% of the pre-incentive distribution net investment income with respect to that portion of such pre-incentive distribution net investment income, if any, that exceeds the hurdle but is less than 2.1875% in any fiscal quarter (8.75% annualized with a 7% annualized hurdle rate). The company refers to this portion of the pre-incentive distribution net investment income (which exceeds the hurdle but is less than 2.1875%) as the  catch-up.  The  catch-up  is meant to provide the advisor with 20% of the pre-incentive distribution net investment income as if a hurdle did not apply if the net investment income exceeds 2.1875% in any fiscal quarter; and   

20% of the amount of the pre-incentive distribution net investment income, if any, that exceeds 2.1875% in any fiscal quarter (8.75% annualized with a 7% annualized hurdle rate) is payable to the Special Unitholder (once the hurdle is reached and the catch-up is achieved, 20% of all pre-incentive distribution investment income thereafter is allocated to the Special Unitholder).   

Capital Gains Incentive Distribution   Special Unitholder  
       
      The capital gains incentive distribution will be determined and payable to the Special Unitholder in arrears as of the end of each fiscal quarter (or upon termination of the advisory agreement, as of the termination date) to the Special Unitholder, and will equal 20.0% of the company s realized capital gains, if any, on a cumulative basis from inception through the end of each fiscal quarter, computed net of all realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation on a cumulative basis, less the aggregate amount of any capital gain incentive distributions.   

24   

Liquidation Incentive Distribution   Special Unitholder  
       
      The liquidation incentive distribution payable to the Special Unitholder will equal 20.0% of the net proceeds from a liquidation of the company (other than in connection with a listing, as described below) in excess of adjusted capital, as measured immediately prior to liquidation. Adjusted capital shall mean: cumulative gross proceeds generated from sales of shares (including the DRP) reduced for distributions to members of proceeds from non-liquidation dispositions of our assets and amounts paid for share repurchases pursuant to the Share Repurchase Program. In the event of any liquidity event that involves a listing of the company s shares, or a transaction in which the company s members receive shares of a company that is listed, on a national securities exchange, the liquidation incentive distribution will equal 20% of the amount, if any, by which the company s listing value following such liquidity event exceeds the adjusted capital, as calculated immediately prior to such listing (the  listing premium ). Any such listing premium and related liquidation incentive distribution will be determined and payable in arrears 30 days after the commencement of trading following such liquidity event.   

Operating Expense and Expense Assumption and Reimbursement Agreement  
       
      The company will reimburse the advisor s cost of providing administrative services, legal, accounting and printing. The company will not reimburse the advisor for the salaries and benefits to be paid to the named executive officers. For the period beginning with the company s breaking of escrow and beginning operations on April 25, 2014, and ending December 31, 2014, advisor assumed operating expenses for the company in an amount sufficient to keep total annual operating expenses (exclusive of interest, taxes dividend expense, borrowing costs, organizational and extraordinary expenses) of the company ( Expenses ) at percentages of average net assets of such class for any calculation period no higher than 5.0% for Class A, C and I shares (the  Maximum Rates ), and (ii) the company shall reimburse advisor, within 30 days of delivery of a request in proper form, for such Expenses, provided that such repayments do not cause the total Expenses attributable to a share class during the year of repayment to exceed the Maximum Rates. The expense reimbursement agreement was amended in December 2014 and again in November 2015 to continue until the earlier of December 31, 2016 or the end of the company s continuous public offering. No repayments by the company to advisor shall be permitted after the earlier of (i) the company s offering has expired or is terminated or (ii) December 31, 2016. Furthermore, if the advisory agreement is terminated or not renewed, the advisor will have no further obligation to limit expenses per the expense reimbursement agreement and the company will not have any further obligation to reimburse the advisor for expenses not reimbursed as of the date of the termination.   

25   

For the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016, the company incurred $1,202,603 and $2,643,675, respectively, in operating expenses, including the management fees earned
by the advisor. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, the company incurred $404,895 and $1,063,488, respectively,
in operating expenses, including the management fees earned by the advisor. Since January 1, 2015, the advisor has elected to limit
the company s operating expenses to no higher than 5% annually of the company s average net assets. While the advisor
assumed responsibility for $872,006 of the company s operating expenses under the expense reimbursement agreement since inception,
as of September 30, 2016, the company had fully reimbursed the advisor for previously assumed operating expenses. For the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the company recorded a net payable to the advisor of $130,894 and $636,934, respectively,
as reimbursement for assumption of past operating expenses. For the three months ended September 30, 2015, the company recorded
a net payable to the advisor of $65,355 as reimbursement for assumption of past operating expenses. For the nine months ended September
30, 2015, the advisor assumed responsibility for $116,811 of the company s operating expenses under the expense reimbursement
agreement. 

For the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016, the advisor earned $581,393 and $1,341,171, respectively, in management fees. For the three and nine months ended September
30, 2015, the advisor earned $163,257 and $327,560, respectively, in management fees. While there was an incentive allocation of
$916 earned to date by the advisor, the consolidated financial statements reflect a $228,769 incentive allocation for the three
months ended September 30, 2016 and a $55,702 incentive allocation for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, based primarily
upon unrealized appreciation on investments. The consolidated financial statements reflect a $75,295 incentive allocation for the
three months ended September 30, 2015, and $143,114 incentive allocation for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, based upon
net unrealized appreciation. 

As of September 30, 2016, due to advisor/dealer
manager on the consolidated statements of assets and liabilities in the amount of $253,896 is solely comprised of a payable to
the advisor/dealer manager for reimbursable Organization and Offering Costs. As of December 31, 2015, due from advisor on the consolidated
statements of assets and liabilities in the amount of $26,636 is comprised of $106,044 due from the advisor in connection with
the expense reimbursement agreement combined with a payable to the advisor for reimbursable Organization and Offering Costs in
the amount of $79,408. As of December 31, 2015, there were no amounts due to the dealer manager. The company, dealer manager and
advisor plan to cash settle any amounts due to/from advisor/dealer manager on a quarterly basis. 

For the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016, the company paid $295,387 and $1,040,263, respectively, in dealer manager fees and $985,721 and $3,645,218, respectively,
in selling commission to the company s dealer manager, SC Distributors. For the three and nine months ended September 30,
2015, the company paid $258,344 and $512,554 in dealer manager fees and $1,120,760 and $2,038,061, respectively, in selling commission
to the company s dealer manager, SC Distributors. These fees and commissions were paid in connection with the sales of the
company s shares to investors and, as such, were recorded against the proceeds from the issuance of shares and are not reflected
in the company s consolidated statements of operations. 

For the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016, Greenbacker Administration, LLC invoiced the company $48,972 and $128,973, respectively, for expenses, at cost, for services
related to asset management and accounting services related to the company s investments. 

As of September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, respectively, the advisor owned 23,081 and 21,959 Class A shares while an affiliate of the advisor owned 120,266 and 185,721
Class A shares. 

Transactions  

The company entered into secured loans
to finance the purchase and installation of energy efficient lighting with LED Funding LLC and Renew AEC One, LLC ( AEC Companies ).
All of the loans with LED Funding LLC, an AEC Company, converted to an operating lease on the day the energy efficiency upgrades
became operational. AEC Companies are considered related parties as the members of these entities own an indirect, non-controlling
ownership interest in the company s advisor. The loans outstanding between the AEC Companies and the company, and the subsequent
operating leases, were negotiated at an arm s length and contain standard terms and conditions that would be included in
third party lending agreements including required security and collateral, interest rates based upon risk of the specific loan,
and term of the loan. As of September 30, 2016, all loans and operating leases are considered current per their terms. 

26   

Note 6. Borrowings  

On July 11, 2016, the company, through
a newly formed, indirect, wholly owned subsidiary, GREC Entity HoldCo LLC (the  Borrower ), entered into a Credit Agreement
by and among the Borrower, the lenders party thereto and Fifth Third Bank, as administrative agent, as well as swap counterparty.
The new credit facility consists of an initial term loan of $4,300,000 (the  Facility 1 Term Loan ) as well as a revolving
credit facility in the aggregate principal amount of up to $33,250,000 (the  Revolver ), with $15,950,000 immediately
available, that will convert to an additional term loan facility, based upon the amount outstanding on the conversion date, in
July 2017 (the  Facility 2 Term Loan ) (collectively, the  Credit Facility ). Both the Facility 1 Term
Loan and the Facility 2 Term Loan mature in July 2021. Financing costs of $1,005,494 related to the credit facility have been capitalized
and are being amortized over the term of the Facility 1 Term Loan. 

The company used the net proceeds of borrowings
under the Facility 1 Term Loan to repay amounts outstanding under a previously existing project loan. The net proceeds of borrowings
under the Revolver will be used for investment in additional alternative energy power generation assets and other general corporate
purposes. Loans made under the Credit Facility bear interest at 3.5% in excess of one-month LIBOR. Commitment fees on the average
daily unused portion of the Revolver are payable at a rate per annum of 0.25%. 

Interest on the Credit Facility is payable
on the last day of each month starting as of August 31, 2016. Principal on the Facility 1 Term Loan is payable at a fixed amount
of $23,889 on the last day of each month based upon a fifteen-year amortization. The Revolver is interest only for the first twelve
months. Thereafter, the Revolver converts to the Facility 2 Term Loan whereby principal will be due monthly with amortization based
upon the weighted average power purchase agreement life remaining on the date of conversion. Borrowings under the credit facility
are secured by the assets, cash, agreements and equity interests in the Borrower and its subsidiaries. The company and its wholly
owned subsidiary, GREC, are guarantors of the Borrower's obligations under the Credit Facility. 

If an event of default shall occur and be
continuing under the Credit Facility, the commitments under the Credit Facility may be terminated and the principal amount outstanding
under the Credit Facility, together with all accrued unpaid interest and other amounts owing in respect thereof, may be declared
immediately due and payable. 

The Company s outstanding debt as
of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 was as follows: 

27   

The following table shows the components
of interest expense, commitment fees related to the Revolving Facility, amortized deferred financing costs, weighted average stated
interest rate and weighted average outstanding debt balance for the credit facility for the period July 11, 2016 through September
30, 2016: 

The principal payments
due on borrowings for each of the next five years ending December 31 and thereafter, are as follows: 

Note 7. Members  Equity  

General  

Pursuant to the terms
of the LLC Agreement, the LLC may issue up to 400,000,000 shares, of which 350,000,000 shares are designated as Class A, C, I,
P-A and P-I shares (collectively, common shares), and 50,000,000 are designated as preferred shares and one special unit. Each
class of common shares will have the same voting rights. 

The following are the current commissions
and fees for each common share class in connection with the company s continuous public offering pursuant to a Registration
Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-178786-01) as well as the private offering of certain share classes. 

Class A and Class P-A: Each Class A and
Class P-A share is subject to a selling commission of up to 7.00% per share and a dealer manager fee of up to 2.75% per share.
No selling commissions or dealer manager fees are paid for sales pursuant to the dividend reinvestment plan. 

Class C: Each Class C share issued in the
primary offering is subject to a selling commission of up to 3.00% per share and a dealer manager fee of up to 2.75% per share.
In addition, with respect to Class C shares, the company pays the dealer manager on a monthly basis a distribution fee, or  distribution
fee , that accrues daily equal to 1/366 th  of 0.80% of the amount of the daily net asset value for the Class C
shares on a continuous basis from year to year. No selling commissions or dealer manager fees are paid for sales pursuant to the
dividend reinvestment plan. 

Class I and Class P-I: No selling commission
or distribution fee will be paid for sales of any Class I and Class P-I shares. Each Class I share is subject to a dealer manager
fee of up to 1.75% per share. 

28   

The following table is a summary of the shares
issued and repurchased during the period and outstanding as of September 30, 2016: 

The following table is a summary of the shares
issued during the period and outstanding as of December 31, 2015: 

There were no Class P-A or Class P-I shares
outstanding as of December 31, 2015. 

The proceeds from shares sold and the value
of shares issued through the reinvestment of distributions for each class of shares for the nine months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015 were as follows:  

As of September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, none of the LLC s preferred shares were issued and outstanding. 

The LLC Agreement authorizes the board of
directors, without approval of any of the members, to increase the number of shares the company is authorized to issue and to classify
and reclassify any authorized but unissued class or series of shares into any other class or series of shares having such designations,
preferences, right, power and duties as may be specified by the board of directors. The LLC Agreement also authorizes the board
of directors, without approval of any of the members, to issue additional shares of any class or series for the consideration and
on the terms and conditions established by the board of directors. In addition, the company may also issue additional limited liability
company interests that have designations, preferences, right, powers and duties that are different from, and may be senior to,
those applicable to the common shares. The Special Unitholder will hold the special unit in the company. Refer to Note 5 for the
terms of the special unit. 

29   

Distribution Reinvestment Plan  

The company adopted a DRP through which the
company s Class A, C and I shareholders may elect to purchase additional shares with distributions from the company rather
than receiving the cash distributions. The board of directors may reallocate the shares between the offering and the DRP. Shares
issued pursuant to the DRP will have the same voting rights as shares offered pursuant to the offering. As of September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015, 50,000,000 in shares were allocated for use in the DRP. During this offering, the purchase price of shares
purchased through the DRP will be at a price equal to the then current net offering price per share. No dealer manager fees, selling
commissions or other sales charges will be paid with respect to shares purchased pursuant to the DRP except for distribution fees
on Class C shares issued under the DRP. At its discretion, the board of directors may amend, suspend, or terminate the DRP. A participant
may terminate participation in the DRP by written notice to the plan administrator, received by the plan administrator at least
10 days prior to the distribution payment date. 

As of September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, 369,236 and 118,957 shares, respectively, were issued under the DRP. 

Share Repurchase Program  

During the quarter ended September 30, 2015,
the company commenced a share repurchase program, or  share repurchase program , pursuant to which quarterly share
repurchases will be conducted, on up to approximately 5% of the weighted average number of outstanding shares in any 12-month period,
to allow members who hold Class A, C or I shares to sell shares back to the company at a price equal to the then current offering
price less the selling commissions and dealer manager fees associated with that class of shares. The company is not obligated to
repurchase shares and the board of directors may terminate the share repurchase program at its sole discretion. The share repurchase
program includes numerous restrictions that will limit a shareholders ability to sell shares. Unless the board of directors determines
otherwise, the company limits the number of shares to be repurchased during any calendar year to the number of shares the company
can repurchase with the proceeds received from the sale of shares under the DRP. At the sole discretion of the board of directors,
the company may also use cash on hand, cash available from borrowings and cash from liquidation of investments to repurchase shares.
In addition, the company plans to limit repurchases in each fiscal quarter to 1.25% of the weighted average number of shares outstanding
in the prior four fiscal quarters. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the company repurchased 184,740 shares at a total
purchase price of $1,692,030, pursuant to the company s share repurchase program, including 71,712 shares from an affiliate
of the advisor. 

We have received an order for our repurchase
program from the SEC under Rule 102(a) of Regulation M under the Exchange Act. In addition, our repurchase program is substantially
similar to repurchase programs for which the SEC has stated it will not recommend enforcement action under Rule 13e-4 and Regulation
14E under the Exchange Act. 

Note 8. Distributions  

On July 1, 2016, with the authorization
of the company s board of directors, the company declared distributions on each outstanding Class A, C, I, P-A, and P-I share.
These distributions were calculated based on shareholders of record for each day in an amount equal to $0.00166172 per share per
day (less the distribution fee with respect to Class C shares) for Classes A, C and I and $0.00158262 per share per day for Classes
P-A and P-I. 

On August 31, 2016 and September 30, 2016,
with the authorization of the company s board of directors, the company declared distributions on each outstanding Class
A, C, I, P-A and P-I share. These distributions were calculated based on shareholders of record for each day in an amount equal
to $0.00167656 per share per day (less the distribution fee with respect to Class C shares) for Classes A, C and I and $0.00159682
per share per day for Classes P-A and P-I. 

30   

The following table reflects the distributions
declared during the nine months ended September 30, 2016: 

The following table reflects the distributions
declared during the nine months ended September 30, 2015: 

Cash distributions paid during the periods
presented were funded from the following sources noted below: 

All distributions paid for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 are expected to be reported as a return of capital to stockholders for tax reporting purposes and all
distributions paid for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 were reported as a return of capital to stockholders for tax purposes. 

The company expects to continue to
fund distributions from a combination of cash from operations as well as offering proceeds until a minimum of $150,000,000 in net
assets is reached as well as being fully invested in operating assets. 

31   

Note 9. Commitments and Contingencies  

Commitments:  Pursuant to a purchase
and sale agreement dated June 24, 2016, the company has committed to purchase Greenfield Wind Manager, LLC ( GWLLC ),
which is in the process of constructing a 25MW wind farm in Teton County, Montana, subject to significant contingencies including,
but not limited to, having the wind farm placed in service by December 31, 2016, receipt of certifications from various independent
experts on engineering, insurance, environmental and title matters, and evidence of certain tax elections filed. If these conditions
are not met by December 31, 2016, the company s commitment expires. GWLLC is the borrower on the Turbine Supply Loan issued
by the company on June 23, 2016. With the repayment of the turbine supply loan expected to be coincident with the closing of the
GWLLC purchase, the company s net commitment for additional funds is approximately $8,600,000. 

Legal proceedings:  The company may
become involved in legal proceedings, administrative proceedings, claims and other litigation that arise in the ordinary course
of business. Individuals and interest groups may sue to challenge the issuance of a permit for a renewable energy project or seek
to enjoin construction of a wind energy project. In addition, we may be subject to legal proceedings or claims contesting the construction
or operation of our renewable energy projects. In defending ourselves in these proceedings, we may incur significant expenses in
legal fees and other related expenses, regardless of the outcome of such proceedings. Unfavorable outcomes or developments relating
to these proceedings, such as judgments for monetary damages, injunctions or denial or revocation of permits, could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, settlement of claims could adversely
affect our financial condition and results of operations. As of September 30, 2016, management is not aware of any legal proceedings
that might have a significant adverse impact on the company. 

Pledge of collateral and unsecured guarantee
of loans to subsidiaries:  Pursuant to various project loan agreements between the operating subsidiaries of East to West Solar
LLC, Green Maple LLC and Greenbacker Wind LLC and various lenders (financial institutions and the Vermont Economic Development
Authority), the operating entities have pledged all solar operating assets as well as the membership interests in various operating
subsidiaries as collateral for the term loans with maturity dates ranging from February 2018 through March 2028. In addition to
GREC and the company, East to West Solar LLC and Green Maple LLC (the  Guarantors ) have provided an unsecured guaranty
on approximately $6,654,000 and $4,964,000, respectively, of the term loans as of September 30, 2016. The guarantors would only
have to perform under the guarantee if the cash flow or the liquidation of collateral at the operating subsidiaries was inadequate
to fully liquidate the remaining loan balance. 

Pursuant to a credit agreement between GREC
Entity Holdco LLC ( Holdco ), a wholly owned subsidiary of GREC, and a financial institution, Holdco has pledged all
solar operating assets as well as all membership interests in operating subsidiaries owned by Holdco as collateral for the loan.
GREC and the company have provided an unsecured guaranty on approximately $14,252,000 on the term and revolving loans. 

See Note 1   Organization and Operations
of the Company and Note 5   Related Party Agreements and Transactions Agreements for an additional discussion of the company s
commitments and contingencies. 

32   

Note 10. Financial Highlights  

The following is a schedule of financial
highlights of the company attributed to Class A, C, I, P-A and P-I shares for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

(2)    Represents the impact
of different share amounts used in calculating per share data as a result of calculating certain per share data based on weighted
average shares outstanding during the period and organizational costs which are not included in operating expenses nor subject
to the expense reimbursement agreement and the impact of shares at a price other than the net asset value.  

(3)    Does not reflect any
incentive fees that may be payable to the Special Unitholder.  

(4)    The company s
ratio of net investment income to average net assets and ratio of operating expenses to average net assets have been annualized
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 assuming consistent results over a full fiscal year.  

(5)    Organizational expenses
included within the ratio are not annualized.  

33   

The following is a schedule of financial
highlights of the company attributed to common stockholders for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The company s income
and expense is allocated pro-rata across the outstanding Class A, C and I shares as applicable, and, therefore, the financial highlights
are equal for each of the outstanding classes, for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  

For the nine  months ended  September 30, 2015     
 
     Per share data attributed to common shares (1):    

Net Asset Value at beginning of period    
     $  8.50     
 
     Net investment income (4)    
        0.19     
 
     Net unrealized appreciation on investments, net of incentive allocation to special unitholder    
        0.27     
 
     Change in translation of assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies    
        (0.05  )  
 
     Net increase in net assets resulting from operations    
        0.41     
 
     Shareholder distributions:    

Distributions from net investment income    
        (0.19  )  
 
         Distributions from offering proceeds    
        (0.26  )  
 
     Other (2)    
        0.06     
 
     Net increase in members  equity attributed to common shares    
        0.02     
 
     Net asset value for common shares at end of period    
     $  8.52     
 
     Total return attributed to common shares based on net asset value (3)    
        5.41  %  
 
     Common shareholders  equity at end of period    
     $  39,030,260     
 
     Common shares outstanding at end of period    
        4,582,139     
 
     Ratio/Supplemental data for common shares (annualized) (3)(7):    

Ratio of net investment income to average net assets (5)(6)    
        3.24  %  
 
     Ratio of operating expenses to average net assets (5)(6)    
        5.65  %  
 
     Portfolio turnover rate    
         N/A      

(2)    Represents the impact
of different share amounts used in calculating per share data as a result of calculating certain per share data based on weighted
average shares outstanding during the period and organizational costs which are not included in operating expenses nor subject
to the expense reimbursement agreement and the impact of shares at a price other than the net asset value.  

(3)  
      Total return, ratio of net investment income and ratio of operating expenses to average net assets for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, prior to the effect of the expense assumption and reimbursement agreement and the management fee waiver were 5.09%, 2.52% and 6.37%, respectively. Allocation of net assets to special unitholder has not been included in determining net investment income or operating expenses used in the ratio calculations.   

(4)    Does not reflect any
incentive fees that may be payable to the Special Unitholder.  

(5)    The company s
ratio of net investment income to average net assets and ratio of operating expenses to average net assets have been annualized
for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 assuming consistent results over a full fiscal year.  

(6)    Organizational expenses
included within the ratio are not annualized.  

(7)    These ratios include
the effect of the expense reimbursement  

34   

Note 11. Subsequent Events   

The company s management has evaluated
subsequent events through the date of issuance of the consolidated financial statements. There have been no subsequent events that
occurred during such period that would require disclosure in the consolidated financial statements or would be required to be recognized
in the consolidated financial statements as of and for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 (unaudited), except as discussed
below. 

On November 8, 2016 the company purchased Greenfield Wind Manager, LLC ( GWLLC ) the owner
of a 25MW wind farm in Teton County, Montana coincident with GWLLC repaying the Turbine Supply Loan issued by the company on June
23, 2016. The company s net commitment of additional funds was approximately $8,600,000 for a total purchase price of approximately
$34,700,000. 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations  

The following discussion and analysis should
be read in conjunction with the company s consolidated financial statements and related notes and other financial information
appearing elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

Except as otherwise specified, references
to  we,   us,   our,  or the  company,  refer to Greenbacker Renewable Energy Company
LLC. 

Forward Looking Statements  

Various statements in this Quarterly Report,
including those that express a belief, expectation or intention, as well as those that are not statements of historical fact, are
forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements may include projections and estimates concerning the timing and success
of specific projects, revenues, income and capital spending. We generally identify forward-looking statements with the words  believe, 
 intend,   expect,   seek,   may,   will,   should,   would, 
 anticipate,   could,   estimate,   plan,   predict,   project 
or their negatives, and other similar expressions. All statements we make relating to our estimated and projected earnings, margins,
costs, expenditures, cash flows, growth rates and financial results or to our expectations regarding future industry trends are
forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may change at any time,
and, therefore, our actual results may differ materially from those that we expected. The forward-looking statements contained
in this report are largely based on our expectations, which reflect many estimates and assumptions made by our management. These
estimates and assumptions reflect our best judgment based on currently known market conditions and other factors. Although we believe
such estimates and assumptions are reasonable, we caution that it is very difficult to predict the impact of known factors and
it is impossible for us to anticipate all factors that could affect our actual results. In addition, our advisor s assumptions
about future events may prove to be inaccurate. We caution all readers that the forward-looking statements contained in this report
are not guarantees of future performance, and we cannot assure any reader that such statements will prove correct or the forward-looking
events and circumstances will occur. Actual results may differ materially from those anticipated or implied in the forward-looking
statements due to the numerous risks and uncertainties as described under  Risk Factors  and elsewhere in this report.
All forward-looking statements are based upon information available to us on the date of this report. We undertake no obligation
to update or revise any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as otherwise
required by law. You are advised to consult any additional disclosures that we may make directly to you or through reports that
we in the future may file with the SEC, including Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports
on Form 8-K. These cautionary statements qualify all forward-looking statements attributable to us, or persons acting on our behalf.
The risks, contingencies and uncertainties associated with our forward-looking statements relate to, among other matters, the following: 

changes in the economy;  

the ability to complete
the renewable energy projects in which we invest;  

35   

our relationships with
project developers, lawyers, investment and commercial banks, individual and institutional investors, consultants, diligence specialists,
EPC companies, contractors, renewable energy technology manufacturers (such as panel manufacturers), solar insurance specialists,
component manufacturers, software providers and other industry participants in the renewable energy, capital markets and project
finance sectors;  

fluctuations in supply,
demand, prices and other conditions for electricity, other commodities and renewable energy certificates ( RECs );  

public response to and
changes in the local, state and federal regulatory framework affecting renewable energy projects, including the potential expiration
or extension of the production tax credit ( PTC ), investment tax credit ( ITC ) and the related U.S.
Treasury grants and potential reductions in renewable portfolio standards ( RPS ) requirements;  

competition from other
energy developers;  

the worldwide demand
for electricity and the market for renewable energy;  

the ability or inability
of conventional fossil fuel-based generation technologies to meet the worldwide demand for electricity;  

our competitive position
and our expectation regarding key competitive factors;  

risks associated with
our hedging strategies;  

potential environmental
liabilities and the cost of compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations, which may be material;  

our electrical production
projections (including assumptions of curtailment and facility availability) for our renewable energy projects;  

our ability to operate
our business efficiently, manage costs (including general and administrative expenses) effectively and generate cash flow;  

availability of suitable
renewable energy resources and other weather conditions that affect our electricity production;  

the effects of litigation,
including administrative and other proceedings or investigations relating to our renewable energy projects;  

non-payment by customers
and enforcement of certain contractual provisions;  

risks associated with
possible disruption in our operations or the economy generally due to terrorism or natural disasters; and  

future changes in laws
or regulations and conditions in our operating areas.  

Overview  

Greenbacker Renewable Energy Company LLC,
(the  LLC ) a Delaware limited liability company, is an externally managed energy company that acquires and manages
income-generating renewable energy and energy efficiency projects and other energy-related businesses as well as finances the construction
and/or operation of these and sustainable development projects and businesses. The LLC conducts substantially all of its operations
through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Greenbacker Renewable Energy Corporation ( GREC ). GREC is a Maryland corporation
formed in November 2011 and the LLC currently holds all of the outstanding shares of capital stock of GREC. The LLC and GREC (collectively
 we ,  us ,  our , and the  company ) are managed and advised by Greenbacker Capital
Management LLC (the  advisor  or  GCM ), a renewable energy, energy efficiency, sustainability and other
energy related project acquisition, consulting and development company that is registered as an investment adviser under the  Investment
Advisers Act of 1940, as amended  ( Advisers Act ). The LLC s fiscal year end is December 31. 

36   

Our business objective is to generate attractive
risk-adjusted returns for our members, consisting of both current income and long-term capital appreciation, by acquiring, and
financing the construction and/or operation of income-generating renewable energy, energy efficiency and sustainable development
projects, primarily within but also outside of North America. We expect the size of our investments to generally range between
approximately $1 million and $100 million. We will seek to maximize our risk-adjusted returns by: (1) capitalizing on market opportunities;
(2) focusing on hard assets that produce dependable cash flows; (3) efficiently utilizing government incentives where available;
(4) employing creative deal structuring to optimize capital and ownership structures; (5) partnering with experienced financial,
legal, engineering and other professional firms; (6) employing sound due diligence and risk mitigation processes; and (7) monitoring
and managing our portfolio of assets on an ongoing basis. 

Our goal is to assemble a diversified portfolio
of renewable energy, energy efficiency and other sustainability related projects and businesses. Renewable energy projects generally
earn revenue through the sale of generated electricity as well as frequently through the sale of other commodities such RECs and
energy efficiency certificates ( EECs ), which are generated by the projects and the sale of by-products such as organic
compost materials. We initially have focused on solar energy and wind energy projects as well as energy efficiency projects. We
believe solar energy projects generally offer more predictable power generation characteristics, due to the relative predictability
of sunlight over the course of time compared to other renewable energy classes and therefore we expect they will provide more stable
income streams. However, technological advances in wind turbines and other energy generation technologies, as well as government
incentives make wind energy and other types of projects attractive as well. Solar energy projects provide maximum energy production
during the middle of the day and in the summer months when days are longer and nights shorter. Solar energy projects tend to have
minimal environmental impact enabling such projects to be developed close to areas of dense population where electricity demand
is highest. Solar technology is scalable and well-established and it will be a relatively simple process to integrate new acquisitions
and projects into our portfolio. Over time, we expect to broaden our strategy to include other types of renewable energy projects
and energy efficiency projects and businesses, which may include wind farms, hydropower assets, geothermal plants, biomass and
biofuel assets, combined heat and power technology assets, fuel cell assets and other energy efficiency assets, among others, and
to the extent we deem the opportunity attractive, other energy and sustainability related assets and businesses. 

Our preferred investment strategy is to acquire
controlling equity stakes in our target assets or to be named the managing member of a limited liability company in order to oversee
and supervise their operations. We define controlling equity stakes as companies in which we own 25% or more of the voting securities
of such company or have greater than 50% representation on such company s board of directors. However, we will also provide
financing to projects owned by others, including through the provision of secured loans which may or may not include some form
of equity participation. We may also provide projects with senior unsecured debt, subordinated secured debt, subordinated unsecured
debt, mezzanine debt, convertible debt, convertible preferred equity, and preferred equity, and make minority equity investments.
We may also participate in projects by acquiring contractual payment rights or rights to receive a proportional interest in the
operating cash flow or net income of a project. We may also make equity investments in or loans to parties financing the supply
of renewable energy and energy efficiency to residential and commercial customers or the adoption of strategies to reduce the consumption
of energy by those customers. Our strategy will be tailored to balance long-term cash flow certainty, which we can achieve through
long-term agreements for our products, with shorter term arrangements that allow us to potentially generate higher risk-adjusted
returns. 

Our renewable energy projects generate revenue
primarily by selling (1) generated electric power to local utilities and other high quality, utility, municipal, corporate and
individual residential counterparties, and (2) in some cases, RECs, EECs, and other commodities associated with the generation
or savings of power. We seek to acquire or finance projects that contain transmission infrastructures and access to power grids
or networks that will enable the generated power to be sold. We generally expect our projects will have power purchase agreements
with one or more counterparties, including local utilities or other high credit quality counterparties, who agree to purchase the
electricity generated from the project. We refer to these power purchase agreements as  must-take contracts,  and we
refer to these other counterparties as  off-takers.  These must-take contracts guarantee that all electricity generated
by each project will be purchased. Although we intend to work primarily with high credit quality counterparties, in the event that
an off-taker cannot fulfill its contractual obligation to purchase the power, we generally can sell the power to the local utility
or other suitable counterparty, which would potentially ensure revenue is generated for all solar electricity generation. We may
also generate revenue from the receipt of interest, fees, capital gains and distributions from investments in our target assets. 

37   

We employ a rigorous credit underwriting
process for each of our contractual counterparties that involves (i) identification of high credit quality counterparties with
appropriate bonding and insurance capacity; (ii) where available, the review of counterparty financial statements and/or publicly
available credit rating reports (iii) worst-case analysis testing of assets; (iii) ongoing monitoring of acquired assets and counterparty
creditworthiness, including monitoring the public credit ratings reports issued by Moody s and Standard and Poor s,
and (iv) in regard to residential solar where the homeowner is the counterparty, individual FICO scores. 

The following table illustrates the allocation
by percentage of the company s contracted revenue by counterparty type and creditworthiness for the three months ended March
31, 2016, the six months ended June 30, 2016 and the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

Our power purchase agreements, when structured
with utilities and other large commercial users of electricity, are generally long-term in nature with all electricity generated
by the project purchased at a rate established pursuant to a formula set by the contract. The formula is often dependent upon the
type of subsidies, if any, offered by the local and state governments for project development. Although we focus on projects with
long-term contracts that ensure price certainty, we also look for projects with shorter term arrangements that will allow us, through
these projects, to participate in market rate changes which may lead to higher current income. 

Certain of the power purchase agreements
for our projects are structured as  behind the meter  agreements with residential, commercial or government entities,
which provide that all electricity generated by a project will be purchased by the off taker at an agreed upon rate that may be
set at a slight discount to the retail electric rate for the off-taker. These agreements also typically provide for annual rate
increases over the term of the agreement although that is not a necessary requirement. The behind the meter agreement is generally
long-term in nature and typically provides that, should the off taker fail to fulfill its contractual obligation, any electricity
that is not purchased by the off-taker may be sold to the local utility, usually at the wholesale spot electric rate. 

38   

We have structured some of our investments
in residential solar with a similar commercial arrangement to that of the power purchase agreements with utilities and other large
commercial users of electricity for our energy projects, as described above. Recently, we acquired residential solar assets which
have a PPA with the residential homeowner as counterparty. In the future, we may also acquire assets where we lease the solar assets
to a residential owner on a long term basis where the residential owner directly receives the benefit of the electricity generated. 

We currently also finance energy efficiency
projects, which seek to enable residential customers, businesses and governmental organizations to consume less energy while at
the same time providing the same or greater level of amenity. Financing for energy efficiency projects is generally used to pay
for energy efficiency retrofits of buildings, homes, businesses, and replacement of other inefficient energy consuming assets with
more modern technologies. These projects are structured to provide predictable long-term cash flows by receiving a portion of the
energy savings and the potential sale of associated RECs and EECs generated by such installations. In each of our renewable energy
and energy efficiency investments, we intend, where appropriate, to maximize the benefits of renewable portfolio standards or RPS
as well as other U.S. federal, state and local government support and incentives for the renewable energy industry. 

The table below sets forth the company s
investments in alternative energy generation portfolios as of September 30, 2016. 

* Approximate. 

 ** Includes Gainesville Solar and NC Tar Heel facilities. 

 *** Does not include assumed project level debt. 

39   

The investments described above have allowed
us to execute on our early-stage strategy of constructing a portfolio of projects offering predictable power generation characteristics
and generally stable income streams. With the addition of a wind power generation project and energy efficiency lighting investments,
we have added diversified revenue streams to our seasonal solar generation income, further enhancing the predictability of returns. 

The LLC conducts a significant portion of
its operations through GREC, of which the LLC is the sole shareholder, holding both shares of common stock and the special preferred
stock. We intend to continue to operate our business in a manner permitting us to maintain our exemption from registration under
the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the  Investment Company Act ). We are not a blank check company within
the meaning of Rule 419 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ) and have no specific intent
to engage in a merger or acquisition in the next 12 months. 

Pursuant to a Registration Statement on Form
S-1 (File No. 333-178786-01), we are offering on a continuous basis up to $1,500,000,000 in shares of our limited liability company
interests, consisting of up to $1,250,000,000 of shares in the primary offering and up to $250,000,000 of shares pursuant to the
DRP. SC Distributors, LLC is the dealer manager for the offering. The company s offering period which was scheduled to terminate
two years after the initial offering date, or August 8, 2015, was extended by the company s board of directors on July 30,
2015. 

On May 24, 2016, the company filed a Registration
Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-211571) to continue to offer on a continuous basis up to $1,500,000,000 in shares of our limited
liability company interests for a period of up to an additional two years. Until earlier of receiving a notice of effectiveness
from the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) or February 6, 2017, we will continue to offer shares under the
current Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-178786-01). If by February 6, 2017 the company has not received an order
of effectiveness from the SEC, it will discontinue the current continuous public offering until the notice is received. 

After the finalization of the September 30, 2016 net asset value, the current offering price of the Class
A shares is $10.282 per share, the current offering price of the Class C shares is $9.581 per share, the current offering price
of the Class I shares is $9.445 per share,   the current offering price of the Class P-A shares is $9.782 per share and the
current offering price of the Class P-I shares is $8.828 per share .  

As of September 30, 2016 through initial
purchase, participation in the distribution reinvestment program and repurchase requests by the affiliate of 71,712 shares, our
advisor and affiliate as of September 30, 2016 owned 23,081 and 120,266 shares, respectively. As of December 31, 2015, our advisor
and affiliate owned 21,959 and 185,721 shares, respectively. 

40   

As of September 30, 2016, we had received subscriptions for and issued 13,172,988 of our shares (including
shares issued under the DRP) for gross proceeds of $129,534,713 (before dealer-manager fees of $2,123,530 and selling commissions
of $7,746,033 for net proceeds of $119,665,150). As of December 31, 2015, we had received subscriptions for and issued 6,736,967
of our shares (including shares issued under the DRP) for gross proceeds of $66,390,924 (before dealer manager fees of $1,083,268
and selling commissions of $4,100,814 for net proceeds of $61,206,842). 

Current Competition in the Alternative Energy - Solar Marketplace  

The solar financing market as a whole started
as a cottage industry where developers would bring together high net worth  investors to fund single
solar and wind transactions. While successful in jump starting the industry, true capital formation is a relatively new phenomenon
and is not as well developed as in other asset classes. Currently in the alternative energy   solar marketplace, there are
several sources of capital:  

Developer/Owner
Operators. The major competition we face in the market for the assets we target comes from privately backed developer/ owner operators.
The capital from these organizations has generally been sourced from a combination of family offices/ private equity funds and
hedge funds. These organizations are generally set up as developers, with investment return expectations in the 20-30% range.
However to facilitate the most favorable exit for the sponsors, the developer/ owner operators seek to accumulate a significant
portfolio of operating assets to provide a base level of stable and predictable earnings for the enterprise. Through a combination
of developer profits and leverage they are able to generate satisfactory ongoing returns with the bulk of the upside being generated
for the sponsors through the exit. We are of the opinion this group of buyers will ultimately be capital constrained particularly
in circumstances where equity markets experience a downturn.  

Single
Purpose Limited Partnerships. These entities are typically funded by high net worth individuals or family offices and are generally
focused on a small number of deals as they have a limited amount of capital to invest.  

Utilities.
Institutional investors (including large life insurance companies), pension funds and infrastructure funds. This sector dominates
investment in the larger projects (i.e. $100,000,000 or greater). Because scale is always an important consideration for larger
institutions we tend not to encounter this group in the markets we target.  

Yieldcos.
Following the filing of company s Registration Statement with the SEC, several U.S. companies registered and listed public
vehicles designed to generate steady tax deferred distributions to investors through the ownership and operation of traditional
and renewable energy generation assets. There are currently six large vehicles, known as  yieldcos  listed on various
stock exchanges around the United States as well as several other very small public companies. The yieldco strategy provides an
opportunity for large Independent Power Producers to source cost effective capital to fund the ownership of contracted generation
assets thus freeing up their own capital for other higher returning activities elsewhere in their businesses. Initially the yieldco
strategy proved very effective and delivered the independent power producers sponsoring such vehicles a cost of capital very much
in line with our own. With the market volatility over the past nine months, we have seen a dramatic reduction in yieldcos 
project acquisition activity.  

In management s view,
the company has been competitive in bidding for solar assets against all these sources of capital and maintains a significant pipeline
of deals which can be consummated as offering proceeds are raised. 

41   

Opportunities in Solar Power Today  

We believe that the greatest opportunity
exists within the Small Utility Scale segment of the market where the company can buy assets with similar attributes to the Large
Utility Scale projects (Investment Grade off taker, same equipment and warrantees, same O M etc.) but where returns are higher.
In our view, there is a significant opportunity to aggregate portfolios of high quality Small Utility Scale projects working with
experienced developers looking for a reliable and sustainable source of capital to increase the certainty of them closing transactions.
As a result, we have been focusing on building relationships with respected developers with a view to acquiring pipelines of projects
rather than one-off deals. By working closely with developers to efficiently close their transactions, we are seeking to create
a sustainable competitive advantage which will lead to recurring and consistent deal flow. Recently, we have been working with
developers of residential rooftop solar assets as we believe a significant opportunity exists to securitize residential solar assets
once significant scale is achieved resulting in increased value and return. Importantly our strategy is differentiated from the
developer/ owner operators mentioned above because we do not ever seek to compete with the developers but rather to work in lock-step
with them so that they can achieve sustainable development profits and we have access to pipelines of transactions, which align
with our current investment strategy and focus. 

Factors Impacting Our Operating Results  

The results of our operations are affected
by a number of factors and will primarily depend on, among other things, the supply of renewable energy assets in the marketplace,
the revenues we receive from renewable energy and energy efficiency projects and businesses, the market price of electricity, the
availability of government incentives, local, regional and national economies and general market conditions. Additionally, our
operations are impacted by interest rates and the cost of financing provided by other financial market participants. Many of the
factors that affect our operating results are beyond our control. 

Size of portfolio.  The size of our
portfolio of investments will be a key revenue driver. Generally, as the size of our portfolio grows, the amount of income we receive
will increase. In addition, our portfolio of investments may grow at an uneven pace as opportunities to make investments in our
target assets may be irregularly timed, and the timing and extent of GCM s success in identifying such assets, and our success
in acquiring such assets, cannot be predicted. Lastly, other than management fees, the majority of our expenses are of a fixed
nature so expenses as a percentage of net assets are reduced as the net assets of the company increase. 

Credit risk . We encounter credit risk
relating to (1) counterparties to the electricity and environmental credit sales agreements (including power purchase agreements)
for our projects, (2) counterparties responsible for project construction and hedging arrangements, (3) companies in which we may
invest and (4) any potential debt financing we or our projects may obtain. When we are able to do so, we seek to mitigate credit
risk by entering into contracts with high quality counterparties. However, it is still possible that these counterparties may be
unable to fulfill their contractual obligations to us. If counterparties to the electricity sales agreements for our projects or
the companies in which we invest are unable to make payments to us when due, or at all, our financial condition and results of
operations could be materially adversely effected. While we seek to mitigate construction-related credit risk by entering into
contracts with high quality EPC companies with appropriate bonding and insurance capacity, if EPCs to the construction agreements
for our projects are unable to fulfill their contractual obligations to us, our financial condition and results of operation could
be materially adversely effected. We seek to mitigate credit risk by deploying a comprehensive review and asset selection process,
including worst case analysis, and careful ongoing monitoring of acquired assets as well as mitigation of negative credit effects
through back up planning. Nevertheless, unanticipated credit losses may occur which could adversely impact our operating results. 

Electricity prices.   All
of our projects benefit from take-or-pay contracts to sell 100% of the power we generate on the contracted terms. On average the
contracts on our existing portfolio have approximately 16 years left prior to being exposed to market prices. The credit standing
of the contract counterparty is a particular focus in situations where the contracts have a price escalator as such contracts create
an incentive for the counterparty to not continue to perform if the contract pricing deviates materially from the market price.
If the contract is with a public or investment grade entity, we have generally been confident that the contract terms will be honored.
The only exception might apply in situations where rising electricity prices could create pressure around a political change in
a particular state or locale.  

Due to the take-or-pay nature of the contracts,
management believes that the company is largely insulated from the day to day price volatility of the electricity markets. With
that said, it would be imprudent of us not to keep an eye to what is happening across the electricity markets and to stay abreast
of developments in the industry as they occur. Over recent years, we have seen a lot of volatility in gas prices and yet that volatility
has been slow to translate into movements in the electricity prices. Electricity pricing is a function of a range of factors and
the price of gas is just one component. Electricity prices also include a recovery of the cost of the generation plant, the labor
to operate it, the cost to transport the fuel to the plant, the cost to wheel the power to the customer, the cost to administer
the utility, etc., so gas price volatility is less impactful on the delivered price of electricity than one might expect. 

42   

The U.S. Energy Information Agency of the
Department of Energy anticipates that electricity prices will rise annually by between 2.5% and 3.0% nationally for the next 20
years (on a nominal basis). Assuming the price at which we sell the power under our contracts is set at a discount to the current
electricity price and the escalator (to the extent there is one) is less than 2.5% per annum, we expect the contracted price will
remain close to, if not below, the market price of the electricity throughout the entire term of the contract. 

Changes in
market interest rates.   With respect to our current business operations, to the extent that we use debt financing with
unhedged floating interest rates or in the case of any refinancing, general increases in interest rates over time may cause the
interest expense associated with our borrowings to increase, and the value of our debt investments to decline. Conversely, general
decreases in interest rates over time may cause the interest expense associated with our borrowings to decrease, and the value
of our debt investments to increase. 

Market conditions.
  We believe that demand for alternative forms of energy from traditional fossil-fuel energy will continue to grow as
countries seek to reduce their dependence on outside sources of energy and as the political and social climate continues to demand
social responsibility on environmental matters. Notwithstanding this growing demand, we believe that a significant shortage of
capital currently exists in the market to satisfy the demands of the renewable energy sector in the United States and around the
world, particularly with respect to small and mid-sized projects and businesses that are newly developed. Many of the traditional
sources of equity capital for the renewable energy marketplace were attracted to renewable energy projects based on their ability
to utilize ITCs and tax deductions. We believe that due to changes in their taxable income profiles that have made these tax incentives
less valuable, these traditional sources of equity capital have withdrawn from the market. In addition, much of the capital that
is available is focused on larger projects that have long-term off-take contracts in place, and does not allow project owners to
take any  merchant  or investment risk with respect to RECs. We believe many project developers are not finding or
are encountering delays in accessing capital for their projects. As a result, we believe a significant opportunity exists for us
to provide new forms of capital to meet this demand. 

Regulatory
matters.   Regulatory and tax policy at the federal and state levels tends to be forward looking rather than retrospective.
As a result, we do not see many regulatory or tax issues impacting any assets we already own or buy during the operation of a particular
regulatory or tax regime. 

With that said, there may be changes in
the future which could impact the returns on future transactions, all of which will be factored into our buying decisions at that
time. In the past, we have seen government policy drive a lot of development activity. For example, when the government announces
the phasing out of a tax incentive, developers race to get projects to a stage that ensures the project qualifies for the incentive.
That kind of activity is generally short lived but can skew the investment supply and demand dynamic. 

From the federal perspective, changes in
tax and regulatory policy could negatively affect prospective returns. Federal tax incentives are comprised of MACRS depreciation
and the ITC. MACRS results in accelerated depreciation of renewable assets over a 5.5-year period but given the wide application
of MACRS to other asset classes we believe it is less susceptible to change than the ITC. The ITC is a tax incentive that allows
an investor to take up to 30% of the installed cost of a solar system as a federal tax credit. This rule was extended at the end
of 2015 with the credit amounts incrementally lowered over the next few years from 30% in 2016 to 10% in 2022 and beyond. With
the extension of the ITC indefinitely, the original flurry of activity which was expected by the end of 2016 has abated. 

Other kinds of regulatory changes that could
negatively impact returns include the introduction of some kind of value added tax either at the federal or state level, changes
to property tax regimes, any kind of targeted tax on the income of renewable energy generation assets, etc. None of these possible
changes appear likely any time soon but it is impossible to predict the future with any real certainty. 

43   

Generally speaking, the policy changes that
have occurred over the past decade at the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency and U.S. Department of Energy have been very positive
for renewables with stronger emission regulations and other mandates improving the case for renewable energy assets. In addition,
the US Energy Information Association forecasts that approximately 65,000 megawatts ( MW ) of older generating capacity
will be retired and go offline by 2020 all of which will need to be replaced by new energy sources. Their current prediction is
that at least 50% of that replacement will come from new renewable generating capacity (approximately 25% by wind and 25% by solar). 

The regulatory market for electric power
is highly fragmented with each state having significant influence over the functioning of their respective electricity markets.
The states are the primary regulator for the utilities and therefore you see widely divergent policies at the state level. Some
states, for example, allow utilities to be vertically integrated producers of power as well as operators of the grid while others
have separated those functions entirely. We believe that this diversity is a benefit for our program as the states have been highly
adept at advancing programs designed to benefit renewable energy with or without federal government support. There are currently
29 states that have developed a renewable portfolio standard. As a result, we see state regulatory issues as a shifting mosaic
of opportunities where some markets will present opportunities while others become less attractive on a prospective basis. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Use of Estimates  

The following discussion addresses the accounting
policies utilized based on our current operations. Our most critical accounting policies involve decisions and assessments that
affect our reported assets and liabilities, as well as our reported revenues and expenses. We believe that all of the decisions
and assessments upon which our consolidated financial statements are based are reasonable at the time made and based upon information
available to us at that time. Our critical accounting policies and accounting estimates may be expanded over time as we continue
to implement our business and operating strategy. The material accounting policies and estimates that are most critical to an investor s
understanding of our financial results and condition, as well as those that require complex judgment decisions by our management,
are discussed below. 

Basis of Presentation  

Our consolidated financial statements are
prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) which requires the use of estimates,
assumptions and the exercise of subjective judgment as to future uncertainties. 

Although we are organized and intend to conduct
our business in a manner so that we are not required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, our
consolidated financial statements are prepared using the specialized accounting principles of Accounting Standards Codification
Topic 946, Financial Services Investment Companies ( ASC Topic 946 ). Overall, we believe that the use of investment
company accounting makes our consolidated financial statements more useful to investors and other financial statement users since
it allows a more appropriate basis of comparison to other entities with similar investment objectives. 

Investment Classification  

We classify our investments by level of control.
 Control Investments  are investments in companies in which we own 25% or more of the voting securities of such company,
have greater than 50% representation on such company s board of directors or that are limited liability companies for which
we are the managing member.  Affiliate Investments  are investments in companies in which we own 5% or more and less
than 25% of the voting securities of such company.  Non-Control/Non- Affiliate Investments  are investments that are
neither Control Investments nor Affiliate Investments. Because our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance
with ASC Topic 946, we do not consolidate companies in which we have Control Investments nor do we apply the equity method of accounting
to our Control Investments or Affiliate Investments. 

Valuation of Investments  

Our advisor, in conjunction with an independent
valuation firm when necessary, subject to the review and approval of the board of directors, is ultimately responsible for the
determination, in good faith, of the fair value of investments. In that regard, the advisor has established policies and procedures
which have been reviewed and approved by our board of directors, to estimate the fair value of our investments which are detailed
below. Any changes to these policies and procedures are required to be approved by our board of directors, including a majority
of our independent directors. 

44   

Investments for which market quotations are
readily available are valued at such market quotations. 

For most of our investments, market quotations
are not available. With respect to investments for which market quotations are not readily available, our board of directors has
approved a multi-step valuation process each fiscal quarter, as described below: 

Investments for which market quotations are
readily available are valued at such market quotations. 

For most of our investments, market quotations
are not available. With respect to investments for which market quotations are not readily available, our board of directors has
approved a multi-step valuation process each fiscal quarter, as described below: 

1.    each investment will be
valued by GCM. As part of the valuation process, GCM will prepare the valuations and associated supporting materials for review
and approval by the board of directors;  

2.    our board of directors
has approved the selection of an independent valuation firm to assist with the review of the valuations prepared by GCM. At the
direction of our board of directors, the independent valuation firm will review valuations prepared by GCM for the appropriate
application of its valuation policies and the appropriateness of significant inputs used in the valuation models by performing
certain limited procedures, which will include a review of GCM s estimates of fair value for each investment and providing
an opinion that GCM s estimate of fair value for each investment is reasonable. The independent valuation firm may also
provide direct assistance to GCM in preparing fair value estimates if the board of directors approves such assistance. In the
event that the independent valuation firm is directly involved in preparing the fair value estimate, our board of directors has
the authority to hire a separate valuation firm to review that opinion of value;  

3.    the audit committee of
our board of directors reviews and discusses the preliminary valuation prepared by GCM and the report of the independent valuation
firm, if any; and  

4.    our board of directors
reviews the valuations and approves the fair value of each investment in our portfolio in good faith by GCM.  

Loan investments are valued utilizing a market
approach, an income approach, or both approaches, as appropriate. The market approach uses prices and other relevant information
generated by market transactions involving identical or comparable assets or liabilities. The income approach uses valuation techniques
to convert future amounts (for example, interest and amortization payments) to a single present value amount (discounted) calculated
based on an appropriate discount rate. The measurement is based on the net present value using current market expectations about
those future amounts. In following these approaches, the types of factors that we may take into account in determining the fair
value of our loans include as applicable: debt covenants, call protection provisions, information rights, the nature and realizable
value of any collateral, the project s ability to make payments, its earnings and discounted cash flows, the markets in which
the project does business, comparisons of financial ratios of peer business entities that are public, mergers and acquisitions
comparables, the principal market and enterprise values, among other factors. 

45   

Equity investments are also valued utilizing
a market approach, an income approach, or both approaches, as appropriate. The market approach uses prices and other relevant information
generated by market transactions involving identical or comparable assets or liabilities. The income approach uses valuation techniques
to convert future amounts (for example net cash flows or earnings) to a single present value amount (discounted) calculated based
on an appropriate discount rate. The measurement is based on the net present value using current market expectations about those
future amounts. In following these approaches, the types of factors that we may take into account in determining the fair value
of our equity investments include, as applicable: available current market data, including relevant and applicable market trading
and transaction comparables, applicable market yields and multiples, security covenants, the project s earnings and discounted
cash flows, the markets in which the project does business, comparisons of financial ratios of peer business entities that are
public, mergers and acquisitions comparables, the principal market and enterprise values, among other factors. 

We have adopted ASC Topic 820, Fair Value
Measurements and Disclosures (formerly Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 157, Fair Value Measurements) ( ASC
Topic 820 ), which defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value in accordance with GAAP and expands
disclosures about fair value measurements. 

ASC Topic 820 clarifies that the fair value
price is the price in an orderly transaction between market participants to sell an asset or transfer a liability in the market
in which the reporting entity would transact for the asset or liability, that is, the principal or most advantageous market for
the asset or liability. The transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability is a hypothetical transaction at the measurement
date, considered from the perspective of a market participant that holds the asset or owes the liability. ASC Topic 820 provides
a consistent definition of fair value which focuses on exit price and prioritizes, within a measurement of fair value, the use
of market-based inputs over entity-specific inputs. In addition, ASC Topic 820 provides a framework for measuring fair value and
establishes a three-level hierarchy for fair value measurements based upon the transparency of inputs to the valuation of an asset
or liability as of the measurement date. The three levels of valuation hierarchy established by ASC Topic 820 are defined as follows: 

Level 1: Quoted prices in active markets for identical
assets or liabilities, accessible by our company at the measurement date. 

Level 2: Quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities
in active markets, or quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active, or other observable
inputs other than quoted prices. 

Level 3: Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability. 

In all cases, the level in the fair value
hierarchy within which the fair value measurement in its entirety falls will be determined based on the lowest level of input that
is significant to the fair value measurement. Our assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement
in its entirety requires judgment and considers factors specific to each investment. 

Our board of directors has approved the selection
of an independent valuation firm to review our advisor s valuation methodology and to work with our advisor and officers
to provide additional inputs for consideration by our audit committee and to work directly with our full board of directors, at
the board of directors  request, with respect to the fair value of investments. For example, our board of directors may determine
to engage more than one independent valuation firm in circumstances in which specific expertise of a particular asset or asset
class is needed in connection with the valuation of an investment. In addition, GCM will recommend to our board of directors that
one quarter of our investments be valued by an independent valuation firm each quarter, on a rotating quarterly basis. Accordingly,
each such investment would be reviewed by an independent valuation firm at least once per year. 

Our board of directors will have the ability
to review our advisor s valuation methodologies each quarter in connection with GCM s presentation of its valuation
recommendations to the audit committee. If during the period between quarterly board meetings, GCM determines that significant
changes have occurred since the prior meeting of the board of directors at which it presented its recommendations on the valuation
methodology, then GCM will also prepare and present recommendations to the audit committee of the board of directors of its proposed
changes to the current valuation methodology. Any such changes to our valuation methodologies will require the approval of our
board of directors, including a majority of our independent directors. We will disclose any change in our valuation methodologies,
or any change in our investment criteria or strategies, that would constitute a fundamental change in a registration statement
amendment prior to its implementation. 

46   

Foreign Currency Translation  

The accounting records of the company are
maintained in U.S. Dollars. The fair value of investments and other assets and liabilities denominated in non-U.S. currencies are
translated into U.S. Dollars using the exchange rate at 4:00 p.m., Eastern Time, at each quarter end. Amounts related to the purchases
and sales of investments, investment income and expenses are translated at the rates of exchange prevailing on the respective dates
of such transactions. 

Net unrealized currency gains and losses
arising from valuing foreign currency-denominated assets and liabilities at the current exchange rate are reflected separately
as unrealized appreciation/depreciation on translation of assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies. 

Foreign security and currency translations
may involve certain considerations and risks not typically associated with investing in U.S. companies and U.S. government securities.
These risks include, but are not limited to, currency fluctuations and revaluations and future adverse political, social and economic
developments, which could cause investments in foreign markets to be less liquid and prices more volatile than those of comparable
U.S. companies or U.S. government securities. 

Calculation of Net Asset Value  

We calculate our net asset value per share
by subtracting all liabilities from the total carrying amount of our assets, which includes the fair value of our investments,
and dividing the result by the total number of outstanding shares on the date of valuation. For purposes of calculating our net
asset value, we expect to carry all liabilities at cost. 

The determination of the fair value of our
investments requires judgment, especially with respect to investments for which market quotations are not available. For most of
our investments, market quotations are not available. Due to the inherent uncertainty of determining the fair value of investments
that do not have a readily available market value, the fair value of the investments may differ significantly from the values that
would have been used had a readily available market value existed for such investments, and the differences could be material.
Because the calculation of our net asset value is based, in part, on the fair value of our investments as determined by our advisor,
which is an affiliated entity of the company, our calculation of net asset value is to a degree subjective and could be adversely
affected if the determinations regarding the fair value of our investments were materially higher than the values that we ultimately
realize upon the disposal of such investments. Furthermore, the fair value of our investments, as reviewed and approved by our
board of directors, may be materially different from the valuation as determined by an independent valuation firm. 

Revenue Recognition  

We record interest income on an accrual basis
to the extent that we expect to collect such amounts. We do not accrue as a receivable interest on loans and debt securities for
accounting purposes if we have reason to doubt our ability to collect such interest. Original issue discounts, market discounts
or premiums are accreted or amortized using the effective interest method as interest income. We record prepayment premiums on
loans and debt securities as interest income. Any application, origination or other fees earned by the company in arranging or
issuing debt are amortized over the expected term of the loan. 

We place loans on non-accrual status when
principal and interest are past due 90 days or more or when there is a reasonable doubt that we will collect principal or interest.
Accrued interest is generally reversed when a loan is placed on non-accrual. Interest payments received on non-accrual loans may
be recognized as income or applied to principal depending upon management s judgment. Non-accrual loans are generally restored
to accrual status when past due and principal and interest is paid and, in our management s judgment, is likely to remain
current. 

Dividend income is recorded (1) on the ex-dividend
date for publicly issued securities and (2) when received from private investments.  

47   

Net Realized Gains or Losses and Net
Change in Unrealized Appreciation or Depreciation on Investments  

We measure realized gains or losses by the
difference between the net proceeds from the sale, repayment, or disposal of an asset and the adjusted cost basis of the asset,
without regard to unrealized appreciation or depreciation previously recognized. Net change in unrealized appreciation or depreciation
will reflect the change in investment values during the reporting period, including any reversal of previously recorded unrealized
appreciation or depreciation, when gains or losses are realized. 

Organization Costs  

Organization costs are expensed on the company s
consolidated statements of operations as incurred. 

Offering Costs  

Offering costs include all costs to be paid
by the company in connection with the offering of its shares, including legal, accounting, printing, mailing and filing fees, charges
of the company s escrow holder, transfer agent fees, due diligence expense reimbursements to participating broker-dealers
included in detailed and itemized invoices and costs in connection with administrative oversight of the offering and marketing
process, and preparing supplemental sales materials, holding educational conferences, and attending retail seminars conducted by
broker-dealers. When recognized by the company, offering costs will be recognized as a reduction of the proceeds from the offering. 

Deferred Sales Commissions   

The company defers certain costs, principally
sales commissions and related compensation, which are paid to the dealer manager and may be reallowed to financial advisors and
broker/dealers in the future in connection with the sale of Class C shares sold with a reduced front-end load sales charge. The
costs expected to be incurred at the time of the sale of Class C shares are recorded as a liability on date of sale and are
amortized on a straight-line basis over the period beginning on the time of sale and ending on the date which approximates an expected
liquidity event for the company. Prior to June 30, 2016, the company did not record a liability at time of the sale for expected
deferred sales commissions. As of September 30, 2016, the company has recorded a liability for deferred sales commissions in the
amount of $207,982. 

Financing Costs  

Financing costs related to debt liabilities
of the company, GREC or GREC Entity Holdco LLC are presented on the consolidated statements of assets and liabilities as a direct
deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability. 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements  

In August 2014, the Financial Accounting
Standards Board ( FASB ) issued new accounting guidance that requires management to assess an entity s ability
to continue as a going concern by incorporating and expanding upon certain principles that are currently in U.S. auditing standards.
The amendments provide a definition of the term  substantial doubt  and include principles for considering the mitigating
effect of management s plans. The amendments also require an evaluation every reporting period, including interim periods
for a period of one year after the date that the financial statements are issued (or available to be issued), and certain disclosures
when substantial doubt is alleviated or not alleviated. The amendments in this update are effective for reporting periods ending
after December 15, 2016. Management is of the opinion that adopting this new accounting guidance will not have any material effect
on the company s consolidated financial statements. 

JOBS Act  

We qualify as an  emerging growth company 
pursuant to the provisions of the JOBS Act, enacted on April 5, 2012. For as long as we are an  emerging growth company, 
we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that
are not  emerging growth companies,  including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation
requirements of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our
periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding advisory  say-on-pay  votes
on executive compensation and shareholder advisory votes on golden parachute compensation. 

48   

Under the JOBS Act, we will remain an  emerging
growth company  until the earliest of: 

the last day of the
fiscal year during which we have total annual gross revenues of $1 billion or more;  

the last day of the
fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the completion of this offering;  

the date on which we
have, during the previous three-year period, issued more than $1 billion in non-convertible debt; and  

the date on which we
are deemed to be a  large accelerated filer  under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange
Act ). We will qualify as a large accelerated filer as of the first day of the first fiscal year after we have (i) more
than $700,000,000 in outstanding common equity held by our non-affiliates as of the last day of our most recently completed second
fiscal quarter, (ii) been a public company for at least 12 months and (iii) filed at least one annual report with the SEC. The
value of our outstanding common equity will be measured each year on the last day of our second fiscal quarter.  

The JOBS Act also provides that an  emerging
growth company  can utilize the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying
with new or revised accounting standards. However, we are choosing to opt out of that extended transition period, and, as a result,
we will comply with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for
companies that are not  emerging growth companies.  Section 107 of the JOBS Act provides that our decision to opt out
of the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards is irrevocable. 

Portfolio and Investment Activity   

As of September 30, 2016, the company invested
in numerous solar generation facilities included in seven investment portfolios as follows: 

East to West Solar Portfolio    

The company owns 19.460 Megawatts of operating
solar power facilities located on 13 sites in the states of Colorado, Connecticut, Florida, Hawaii, Indiana and North Carolina
(the  East to West Solar Portfolio ). The East to West Solar Portfolio consists of ground and roof mounted solar systems
(each, a  System ) located on municipal and commercial properties as follows: 

1.    Denver International
Airport - The Denver International Airport System has a generation capacity of 1,587.6 kilowatts ( kW ). The System
sells power directly to the City and County of Denver Department of Aviation, which is the owner and operator of the airport.
The System has a 25-year variable rate power purchase agreement ( PPA ) with a floor price of $0.036/kWh. The System
also sells Solar Renewable Energy Credits ( SORECs ) to the local utility (Xcel Energy) under a 20 year contract.  

2.    Progress Energy I  
The Progress Energy I System has a generation capacity of 2,479.0 kW. The System is located in Laurinburg, North Carolina and
sells power to the utility, Duke Energy (Progress Energy) under a 20-year fixed rate PPA at $0.120/kWh.  

3.    Progress Energy II  
The Progress Energy II System has a generation capacity of 2,499.2 kW. The System is located in Laurinburg, North Carolina and
sells power directly to the utility, Duke Energy (Progress Energy) under a 15-year fixed rate PPA at $0.083/kWh. The System also
sells RECs to Duke Energy (Progress Energy) under a 15 year contract.  

4.    SunSense I - The SunSense
I System has a generation capacity of 500.0 kW. The System is located in Raleigh, North Carolina and sells power directly to the
utility, Duke Energy (Progress Energy Carolinas, Inc.) under a 20-year fixed rate PPA at $0.150/kWh.  

49   

5.    SunSense II  
The SunSense II System has a generation capacity of 497.0 kW. The System is located in Clayton, North Carolina and sells power
directly to the utility, Duke Energy (Progress Energy Carolinas, Inc.) under a 20-year fixed rate PPA at $0.150/kWh.  

6.    SunSense III  
The SunSense III System has a generation capacity of 497.0 kW. The System is located in Fletcher, North Carolina and sells power
directly to the utility, Duke Energy (Progress Energy Carolinas, Inc.) under a 20-year fixed rate PPA at $0.150/kWh.  

7.    NIPSCO III   The
NIPSCO  Turtle Top  System has a generation capacity of 375.2 kW. The System is located in New Paris, Indiana and
sells power directly to the Northern Indiana Public Service Company under a 15-year fixed rate PPA which started at $0.260/kWh
and grows annually at 2.0%.  

8.    OUC I   The OUC
I System has a generation capacity of 417.0 kW. The System is located in Orlando, Florida and sells power directly to the Orlando
Utilities Commission. The System has a 25-year fixed rate PPA at $0.195/kWh.  

9.    KIUC   The KIUC
System has a generation capacity of 383.0 kW. The System is located in Koloa, Hawaii and sells power directly to the Kauai Island
Utility Cooperative under a 20-year fixed rate PPA at $0.200/kWh.  

10.    TJ Maxx   The
TJ Maxx System has a generation capacity of 249.9 kW. The System is located in Bloomfield, Connecticut and sells power directly
to the H.G. Conn. Realty Corp under a 15-year fixed rate PPA which started at $0.112/kWh and grows annual at 3%.  

11.    Denver Public Schools
(Green Valley)   The Green Valley System has a generation capacity of 101.2kW. The System is located in Denver, Colorado
and sells power directly to the Denver Public Schools under a 20-year fixed rate PPA which started at $0.027/kWh and grows annually
at 3%. The System also sells SORECs to Xcel Energy under a 20-year fixed price contract at a rate of $0.115/kWh.  

12.    Denver
Public Schools (Rachel B. Noel)   The Rachel B. Noel System has a generation capacity of 101.2 kW. The System is located
in Denver, Colorado, and sells power directly to the Denver Public Schools under a 20-year fixed rate PPA which started at $0.027/kWh
and grows annually at 3%. The System also sells SORECs to Xcel Energy under a 20-year fixed price contract at a rate of $0.115/kWh.  

13.    Denver
Public Schools (Greenwood)   The Greenwood System has a generation capacity of 101.2 kW. The System is located in Denver,
Colorado, and sells power directly to Denver Public Schools under a 20-year fixed rate PPA which started at $0.027/kWh and grows
annually at 3%. The System also sells SORECs to Xcel Energy under a 20-year fixed price contract at a rate of $0.115/kWh.  

Separately, the company owns two additional
operating solar PV systems, each with approximately 1.0 MW in power generation and together comprising a total of 2.05 MW, located
in Gainesville, Florida (the  Gainesville Solar  facilities). Details of Gainesville Solar, which are included in the
East to West Solar Portfolio, are as follows: 

1.    MLH2 - The MLH2 System
has a generation capacity of 1,000 kW. The System is located in Gainesville, Florida, on land now owned by the company, and sells
power to the Gainesville Regional Utility (GRU), which is rated Aa2 by Moody s, under a 20 year fixed rate PPA at a price
of $0.19/kWh. The System was placed in service on September 27, 2012.  

2.    MLH3   The MLH3
System has a generation capacity of 1,050 kW. The System is located in Gainesville, Florida and sells power to the GRU under a
20 year fixed rate PPA at a price of $0.15/kWh. The System was placed in service on November 22, 2013.  

Lastly, the company acquired two operating
solar PV systems comprising a total of 7.621 MW (the  NC Tar Heel Portfolio ) located in North Carolina through an
equity investment of approximately $8,400,000 plus working capital. 

50   

Details of the NC Tar Heel Portfolio, which
is included in the East to West Solar Portfolio, are as follows: 

1. Person County Solar Park 2 (PCIP)   The
PCIP System has a generation capacity of 1,250 kW. The System is located in Timberlake, North Carolina and sells power to the utility,
Duke Energy (Progress Energy) under a 20-year PPA at a current price of $0.130/kWh which escalates at a rate of 2% per year. The
System was placed in service in November 2011. 

2. South Robeson   The South Robeson System
has a generation capacity of 6,371kW. The System is located in Rowland, North Carolina and sells power to the utility, Duke Energy
(Progress Energy), under a 15-year fixed rate PPA at a price of $.083/kWh. The System also sells RECs to Duke Energy (Progress
Energy) under a 15-year contract at a price of $0.005/kWh. The System was placed in service in June 2012. 

Green
Maple Portfolio   

In the fourth quarter of 2014, the company
committed to construct five solar power facilities, (the  Green Maple Portfolio ). During 2015, contracts were executed
to construct an additional four solar power facilities. As of June 30, 2016, all of the Green Maple Portfolio facilities were operational
and generating power. The company entered into separate loan agreements for seven facilities with the Vermont Economic Development
Authority ( VEDA ) for a total loan commitment of approximately $5,183,000, of which approximately $4,964,000 is outstanding
as of September 30, 2016. 

A brief summary of each project is as
follows: 

1.     Charter Hill Solar
   Constructed in Rutland, Vermont, this 1.044MW DC system has a PPA with Green Mountain Power, an investment grade utility,
to sell 100% of the power generated over a 25 year period.  

2.  
       Williamstown Solar    Constructed in Williamstown, Vermont, this 732 kW DC system has an SSA in place with a commercial entity to purchase 100% of the energy generated by the system for 20 years.   

3.  
       GLC Chester Solar    Constructed in Chester Township, Vermont, this 732 kW DC system has SSAs in place with various municipal entities to purchase 100% of the energy generated by the system for 20 years.   

4.  
       Pittsford Solar    Constructed in Pittsford Township, Vermont, this 686 kW DC system has SSAs in place with various commercial entities to purchase 100% of the energy generated by the system for 20 years.   

5.     Novus Royalton Solar
   Constructed in Royalton, Vermont, this 686 kW DC system has SSAs in place with various municipal entities to purchase
100% of the energy generated by the system for 20 years  

6.   Proctor GLC Solar LLC    Constructed in Proctor,
Vermont, this 708.75 kW DC system has SSAs in place with a municipal entity to purchase 100% of the energy generated by the system
for 20 years. 

7.    Hartford Solarfield LLC    Constructed in Hartford,
Vermont on the town landfill, this 748.44 kW DC system has an SSA in place with a municipal entity to purchase 100% of the energy
generated by the system for 20 years. 

8.     46 Precision Drive
LLC    Constructed in North Springfield, Vermont, this 748.44 kW DC system has an SSA in place with a municipal entity
to purchase 100% of the energy generated by the system for 20 years.  

9.     City Garden Solar
LLC    Constructed in Rutland, Vermont, this 1.0 MW DC system has a PPA with Green Mountain Power, an investment grade
utility, to sell 100% of the power generated over a 25 year period.  

51   

Magnolia
Sun Portfolio   

The company owns four solar facilities
in Tennessee, with a total generation capacity of 3.0 MW. The four assets which are owned within the Magnolia Sun Portfolio (named
 Powerhouse One ), consist of commercial grade, ground mounted solar systems located on leased property within a five-mile
radius in Fayetteville, Tennessee. Electricity produced by the portfolio is sold under long term PPAs with two investment grade
counterparties; the Tennessee Valley Authority and Fayetteville Public Utilities. The PPAs have an average remaining contract life
of approximately 15 years. 

On January 19, 2016, the company acquired
an additional 721,828 kW of operating solar power facilities located on three sites in the states of California and Massachusetts,
for a total purchase price of approximately $250,000 (the  CaMa Solar Portfolio ). The largest off-taker is Santa Cruz
City Schools, rated Aa2, followed by Petaluma City Schools of Sonoma County, rated A2, which are both based in California. The
third off-taker is the WGBH Educational Foundation, a non-profit, which has a rating of Aaa on its revenue bonds and is located
in Boston, MA. 

On March 24, 2016, the company acquired eleven
solar facilities in Tennessee, with a total generation capacity of 1.75 MW, for a total purchase price of approximately $3,100,000
(named  SolaVerde ). Included in the Magnolia Sun Portfolio, SolaVerde consists of ground and roof mounted solar systems
located on leased property near Fayetteville Sneedville and Tazewell, Tennessee. Electricity produced by the portfolio is sold
under long term PPAs with the Tennessee Valley Authority, an investment grade utility and two North Carolina municipal entities.
The PPAs have an average remaining contract life of approximately 15.7 years.  

Canadian Northern Lights
Portfolio   

The company acquired a portfolio in November
2014, of forty-five (45) rooftop solar photovoltaic systems (the  Canadian Northern Lights Portfolio ). The assets
are located within a 60-mile radius of Toronto, Ontario, Canada and comprise approximately 275 kilowatts of generation capacity.
In November 2015, the company acquired an additional thirty-five (35) residential, rooftop photovoltaic systems in the province
of Ontario, Canada comprising an additional 306.4 kilowatts of generation capacity. As part of both acquisitions, the individual
local distribution company and Ontario Power Authority ( OPA ) contracts were transferred from the seller to Canadian
Northern Lights Corp, a wholly owned, indirect subsidiary of the company.  

There is a standardized lease that is signed
with each of the home / building owners that allows the system to be generally operated and maintained during the term of each
OPA contract. The lease has been designed to survive the sale of the home / building and there is a non-disturbance provision which
will allow the owner of the system, the company, to operate the system for the entirety of the term. The home / building owner
receives a modest rental payment for use of the rooftop which is paid annually. 

The Canadian Northern Lights Portfolio produces
revenue from the sale of electricity measured in kilowatt hours (kWh) to the OPA, the sole off taker for all 80 solar systems.
The price of electricity sold, based upon the rate contained in the OPA contract, is between CAD $0.549 and CAD $0.802 per kWh.
On average, the 80 OPA contracts have a remaining life of approximately 16 years unless terminated earlier by either party pursuant
to the terms of each contract.  

Six States Solar Portfolio   

The company currently leases 6.233 MW of
operating solar power facilities located on 23 sites in the states of Arizona, California, Colorado, Connecticut, Florida and Indiana
under a master lease agreement. During the remaining term of the lease, which is approximately 17 years, there is the potential
for the company to purchase these assets directly upon agreement and consent of the parties. With over 82% of the contracted revenues
from investment grade counterparties, the average remaining life of the PPA is approximately 17.5 years. 

52   

The Six States Solar Portfolio (the  SSS
Portfolio ) consists of ground and roof mounted solar units located on municipal and commercial properties as follows: 

1.    Newington Public Schools
- Newington Public Schools ( Newington ) is the off-taker for the Town of Newington project, which comprises approximately
2.5% of revenue in the SSS Portfolio. Located in Newington, Connecticut, Newington encompasses seven schools, which are accredited
by the New England Association of Schools   Colleges. The off-taker serves approximately 4,200 students from kindergarten
through 12th grade.  

2.    Northwestern Regional
School District #7 - Northwestern Regional School District ( Northwestern ) is the off-taker for the Regional School
District #7 project, which comprises approximately 7.4% of revenue in the SSS Portfolio. Located in Winsted, Connecticut, Northwestern
is a comprehensive public Middle School-High School. The off-taker serves the total Regional Community with emphasis on middle
school and high school students.  

3.    City of Winters - The
City of Winters ( Winters ) is the off-taker for the City of Winters project, which comprises approximately 8.4% of
revenue in the SSS Portfolio. Located in Winters, California, the city is part of the Sacramento-Arden-Arcade-Yuba City, California-Nevada
region.  

4.    Denver Public Schools
- Denver Public Schools ( DPS ) is the off-taker for the 13 Denver Public Schools projects, which comprises approximately
15.5% of revenue in the SSS Portfolio, with 4.0% coming from PPA revenue and 11.6% from RECs with Xcel Energy. Located in Denver,
Colorado, DPS encompasses 185 schools serving 90,150 students. Both DPS and Xcel Energy maintain investment grade credit ratings.  

5.    Adams State College
- Adams State College ( Adams ) is the off-taker for the Adams State College project, which comprises approximately
5.3% of revenue in the SSS Portfolio, with 1.5% coming from PPA revenue and 3.9% from RECs with Xcel Energy. Located in Alamosa,
Colorado, Adams is a state-supported liberal arts university established in 1921. Both Adams and Xcel Energy maintain investment
grade credit ratings.  

6.    Sacramento County Water
Agency - Sacramento County Water Agency ( SCWA ) is the off-taker for the Sacramento County Waste Authority project,
which comprises approximately10.6% of revenue in the SSS Portfolio, with 9.5% coming from PPA revenue and 1.1% coming from performance-based
incentives with Sacramento Municipality Utility District ( SMUD ). Located in Sacramento, California, SCWA commits
to providing safe and reliable drinking water to over 55,000 homes and businesses. SCWA was established in 1952 with the passage
of the Sacramento County Water Agency Act. Both SCWA and SMUD maintain investment grade credit ratings.  

7.    Tanque Verde School
District - Tanque Verde School District ( TVSD ) is the off-taker for the four Tanque Verde School District projects,
which comprise approximately 21.9% of revenue in the SSS Portfolio, with 8.4% coming from PPA revenue and 13.5% coming from RECs
with Tuscan Electric Power. Located in Tucson, Arizona, TVSD encompasses four schools. Both TVSD and Tuscan Electric Power maintain
investment grade credit ratings.  

8.    Northern Indiana Public
Service Company - Northern Indiana Public Service Company ( NIPSCO ) is the off-taker for the three NIPSCO projects,
which comprise approximately 17.0% of revenue in the SSS Portfolio. The projects are located in Goshen, Milford, and Topeka, Indiana.
NIPSCO is Indiana s largest natural gas distributor and second-largest distributor of electricity serving more than one
million customers. The off-taker maintains an investment grade credit rating.  

9.    South Adams County Water
and Sanitation District - The South Adams County Water and Sanitation District ( South Adams ) is the off-taker for
the South Adams project, which comprises approximately 4.1% of revenue in the SSS Portfolio with 1.5% coming from the PPA and
3.9% coming from RECs sold to Xcel Energy. Located in Commerce City, Colorado, South Adams was formed in 1953 under the State
of Colorado Special District provisions to serve Commerce City. South Adams is the largest combined Water and Sanitation District
in the state of Colorado serving nearly 50,000 customers. The off-taker maintains an investment grade credit rating.  

53   

Sunny Mountain Portfolio   

On August 28, 2014, the company
acquired a portfolio of 22 commercial and residential rooftop and ground mounted solar systems comprising approximately 860 kW
of generation capacity for a purchase price of $880,000 plus closing costs. The company sold one of the locations in June 2016
for $40,000. 

Greenbacker Residential Solar Portfolio   

On August 8, 2016 the company purchased a
controlling interest in a 12.1 MW portfolio of 1,611 residential rooftop solar systems from a subsidiary of OneRoof Energy Inc.
for approximately $19,800,000. The systems are located across seven states including California, New Jersey, Massachusetts, Maryland,
New York, Hawaii and Connecticut. All of the energy generated by the systems has been sold under twenty year power purchase agreements
to the various residential customers who on average have a FICO Score Rating of Very Good.  

With the inclusion of owned and leased assets,
the company operates approximately 51.855 MW of operating solar power facilities throughout the United States as of September 30,
2016. 

Greenbacker Wind Portfolio   

The company owns a total of 10.0 MW of operating
wind power facilities, using four 1.7 MW and two 1.6 MW General Electric wind turbines, located in Teton County, Montana (the  Fairfield
Wind Portfolio ). The project sells power directly to the local public utility, NorthWestern Energy, an investment grade
rated utility. 

The Fairfield Wind Portfolio has a 20-year
fixed-rate PPA, with pricing based on a $0.05444/kWh off peak rate and a $0.09087/kWh on peak rate for the contract period. The
system has historically performed in line with production estimates. With the original in-service date being May 1, 2014, there
is approximately 18 years remaining on the current PPA. The Fairfield Wind Portfolio also has a contract to sell renewable energy
credits to NorthWestern Energy priced at $0.0069/kWh and escalating at 2.5% with a $0.0099/kWh cap. 

This investment represents the company s
first wind asset and complements our already diversified solar portfolio. It also represents the company s first investment
in Montana and provides a unique asset in that it generates the majority of its cash flows during the winter months. 

Energy Efficiency Loans and Leases   

The company maintains three capital leases
with AEC-LEDF, LLC related to the ownership of energy efficient lighting fixtures in three commercial locations in Puerto Rico,
United States. The combined value of capital leases as of September 30, 2016 is approximately $516,000. The lease period under
each of the master lease agreements correspond with underlying equipment service agreements between LED Funding LLC, the seller
of the equipment to GREC Energy Efficiency Portfolio, and the owners of the commercial locations.  The equipment service agreement
terms range from seven to ten years. At the end of each of the lease terms, ownership of the fixtures is retained by the owners
of the commercial locations.  

In September 2015, the company entered into
a secured loan agreement with Renew AEC One, LLC to fund the installation and purchase of energy efficiency lighting in a warehouse
in Pennsylvania. The loan, which is valued at approximately $818,900 as of September 30, 2016, bears an interest rate of 10.25%
per annum. The principal is amortized over ten years ending in February 2025. 

LED Funding LLC and Renew AEC One LLC (the
 AEC Companies ) are considered related parties as the members of these entities own an indirect, non-controlling ownership
interest in the company s advisor. The loans outstanding between the AEC Companies and the company were negotiated at an
arm s length and contain standard terms and conditions that would be included in third party lending agreements including
required security and collateral, interest rates based upon risk of the specific loan, and term of the loan. As of September 30,
2016, all loans were considered current per their terms. 

54   

Greenfield Secured Turbine
Loan   

On June 23, 2016, the company provided a
Turbine Supply Loan in the amount of approximately $25,900,000 (the  Loan ) to Greenfield Wind Manager, LLC (the  Borrower )
to support the construction of a 25 MW wind generation facility located in Teton County, Montana (the  Project ). The
Project was developed by Foundation Windpower LLC ( FWP ) in partnership with a local developer, the counterparty from
which Greenbacker purchased the Fairfield Wind Project in December 2015. The term of the loan is the earlier to occur of the project
achieving its Commercial Operation Date, expected to occur in October 2016, or December 31, 2016, with an interest rate of 9.5%
per annum, payable monthly in arrears, plus an application and commitment fee which is being amortized over the expected life of
the loan. 

Collateral for the loan includes (i) 100%
of FWP s interest in the Borrower and (ii) security over the turbines purchased as part of the construction of the wind farm.
All obligations of the Borrower are also fully guaranteed by FWP. When construction is completed, the facility will consist of
13 General Electric 2.3 megawatt wind turbines that produce an estimated 94,300,000 KWH of power. 

Investment Summary  

The following table presents the purchases
of new or existing investments for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015: 

55   

The composition of the company s
investments as of September 30, 2016, at cost and fair value, were as follows: 

The composition of the company s investments
as of December 31, 2015, at cost and fair value, were as follows: 

The composition of the company s investments
as of September 30, 2016 by industry, at cost and fair value, were as follows:  

The composition of the company s
investments as of December 31, 2015 by industry, at cost and fair value, were as follows: 

56   

Results of Operations  

A discussion of the results of operations
for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are as follows:  

Revenues . Dividend income for the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 totaled $1,983,374 and $4,153,072, respectively, while interest income earned on
our cash, cash equivalents and secured loans (including the amortization of origination and other fees) amounted to $1,102,139
and $1,234,298, respectively. Dividend income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 totaled $735,000 and $1,425,000,
respectively, while interest income earned on our cash and cash equivalents amounted to $5,773 and $7,634, respectively. 

The increase in dividend income from the
prior year three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2015 was primarily attributable to the acquisition of renewable energy
projects throughout 2016 along with the inclusion of a full year of dividends from investments made in 2015. As new projects
were purchased by the company, the volume of overall electricity generated by our project investments increased which increased
net income available for distribution to the company. In addition, due to the seasonality of solar generation throughout the year,
a significantly greater amount of electricity was generated for the three months ended September 30, 2016 than during the quarter
ended June 30, 2016. We would expect this seasonality to continue whereby the second and third quarters of each year will possess
higher solar production, which translates into greater revenues, than the first and fourth quarter. 

As the majority of our assets consist of
equity investments in renewable energy projects, the majority of our revenue is generated in the form of dividend income. Dividend
income from our privately held, equity investments are recognized when received. The other major component of our revenue is interest
income earned on our debt investments, including loans to developers and loans made directly or indirectly to renewable energy
projects. 

Expenses . For the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016, the company incurred $1,202,603 and $2,643,675 in operating expenses, including the management fees earned
by the advisor. Since January 1, 2015, the advisor elected to limit the company s operating expenses to no higher than 5%
annually of the company s average net assets for the period. Since average annual expenses (as defined in the expense reimbursement
agreement) were less than 5% for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the company recorded a net payable to the
advisor of $130,894 and $636,934, respectively, as reimbursement for assumption of past operating expenses. Thus, total expenses,
net of expense waiver and reimbursement, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 were $1,333,497 and $3,280,609,
respectively. As of September 30, 2016, the advisor has been reimbursed for all previously assumed operating expenses. 

For the three and nine months ended September
30, 2015, the company incurred $404,895 and $1,063,488 in operating expenses, respectively, including the management fees earned
by the advisor. While the advisor has assumed responsibility for all of the company s operating expenses under the expense
reimbursement agreement above the Maximum Rate. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the company recorded a
net payable to the advisor of $130,894 and $636,934, respectively, as reimbursement for assumption of past operating expenses.
During the nine months ended September 30, 2015, the advisor elected to limit the company s operating expenses to no higher
than 5% annually of the company s average net assets for the period (reduced the Maximum Rates), which amounted to an expense
reimbursement of $116,811 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Since average annual expenses were less than 5% for the
three months ended September 30, 2015, the company recorded a net $65,355 payable to the adviser as reimbursement for assumption
of past operating expenses. 

For the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016, the advisor earned $581,393 and $1,341,171, respectively, in management fees. While there was an incentive allocation
of $916 earned to date by the advisor, the consolidated financial statements reflect a $228,769 incentive allocation for the three
months ended September 30, 2016 and a $55,702 incentive allocation for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, based primarily
upon net unrealized depreciation. 

For the three and nine months ended September
30, 2015, the advisor earned $163,257 and $327,560 in management fees, respectively. While there were no incentive allocations
earned to date by the advisor, the financial statements reflect a $75,295 incentive allocation for the three months ended September
30, 2015 and $143,114 incentive allocation for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, based upon net unrealized gains. 

57   

For the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016, Greenbacker Administration, LLC invoiced the company $48,972 and $128,973, respectively, for expenses, at cost, for services
related to asset management and accounting services related to the company s investments. 

Lastly, for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016, the company incurred an increase in deferred tax expense from operations in the amount of $9,352 and an increase
in deferred tax benefit from operations in the amount of $1,248,547, respectively, which was offset by franchise tax expense on
various solar facilities of $12,226 and $82,089, respectively. Thus, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the
net investment income was $1,730,438 and $3,273,219, respectively, or $0.14 and $0.32, respectively, per share. 

Going forward, we expect our primary expenses
to be the payment of asset management fees under our advisory agreement with the advisor. We will bear other expenses, which are
expected to include, among other things: 

the cost of calculating
our net asset value, including the related fees and cost of retaining third-party valuation services;  

the cost of effecting
sales and repurchases of units;  

fees payable to third
parties relating to, or associated with our financial and legal affairs, making investments, and valuing investments, including
fees and expenses associated with performing due diligence reviews of prospective investments and sub-advisors;  

fees payable to our
advisor;  

interest payable on
debt incurred to finance our investments;  

transfer agent and custodial
fees;  

fees and expenses associated
with marketing efforts;  

federal and state registration
fees;  

costs of board meetings,
unitholders  reports and notices and any proxy statements;  

directors and officers
errors and omissions liability insurance and other types of insurance;  

direct costs, including
those relating to printing of unitholder reports and advertising or sales materials, mailing, long distance telephone and staff;  

fees and expenses associated
with independent audits and outside legal costs, including compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and applicable federal
and state securities laws; and  

all other expenses incurred
by us or the advisor or sub-advisors in connection with administering our investment portfolio, including expenses incurred by
our advisor in performing certain of its obligations under the advisory agreement.  

58   

Net Realized Gains or Losses and Net Change
in Unrealized Appreciation or Depreciation on Investments and Translation of Assets and Liabilities Denominated in Foreign Currencies .
Net realized and unrealized gains and losses from our investments and net realized and unrealized foreign currency gains and losses
on translation of assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are reported separately on the consolidated statements
of operations. We measure realized gains or losses as the difference between the net proceeds from the sale, repayment, or disposal
of an asset and the adjusted cost basis of the asset, without regard to unrealized appreciation or depreciation previously recognized.
Net change in unrealized appreciation or depreciation will reflect the change in investment values during the reporting period,
including any reversal of previously recorded unrealized appreciation or depreciation, when gains or losses are realized. We recognized
zero and $4,578 realized gain, respectively, on the sale of a small solar asset for the three and nine months ended September 30,
2016. A net change of $1,143,849 and $273,798 of unrealized appreciation, respectively, was recorded for the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016 of which $1,166,483 and $199,429 of unrealized appreciation, related to change in value of investments
and $22,634 of unrealized depreciation and $74,369 of unrealized appreciation, respectively, related to change in value based upon
changes in foreign currency exchange rates. The net change in unrealized appreciation on investments is primarily attributable
to the acquisition of investments where the fair value of the investment was in excess of the cost to acquire the investment purchased. 
 While we recognized no realized gains or losses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, a net change in unrealized
appreciation on investments of $376,473 and $715,567, respectively, was recorded of which $436,252 and $847,479 of unrealized appreciation,
related to change in value of investments and $59,779 and $131,912 of unrealized depreciation, respectively, related to change
in value based upon changes in foreign currency exchange rates. 

Changes in Net Assets from Operations.
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, we recorded a net increase in net assets resulting from operations
of $2,865,915 and $7,266,850, respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, we recorded a net increase
in net assets resulting from operations of $646,996 and $1,201,524, respectively. 

Changes in Net Assets, Net Asset Value
and Offering Prices . Based on the net asset value for the quarter ended December 31, 2015, the offering price of our shares
has changed effective February 5, 2016. Effective as of that date, the company commenced selling shares on a continuous basis at
a price of $10.048 per Class A share, $9.621 per Class C share and $9.230 per Class I share. Based on the net asset value for the
quarter ended March 31, 2016, the offering price of our shares has changed effective May 6, 2016. Effective as of that date, the
company commenced selling shares on a continuous basis at a price of $10.068 per Class A share, $9.640 per Class C share, $9.9248
per Class I share, $9.589 per Class P-A share and $8.808 per Class P-I share. Based on the net asset value for the quarter ended
June 30, 2016, the offering price of our shares has changed effective August 4, 2016. Effective as of that date, the company commenced
selling shares on a continuous basis at a price of $10.227 per Class A share, $9.791 per Class C share, $9.394 per Class I share,
$9.739 per Class P-A share and $8.946 per Class P-I share. Based on the net asset value for the quarter ended September 30, 2016
the offering price of our shares has changed effective November 7, 2016. Effective as of that date, the company commenced selling
shares on a continuous basis at a price of $10.282 per Class A share, $9.581 per Class C share, $9.445 per Class I share, $9.782
per Class P-A share and $8.828 per Class P-I share. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

As of September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, we had $15,993,952 and $5,889,030 in cash and cash equivalents, respectively. We use our cash to fund the acquisition, construction
and operation of renewable energy and energy efficiency and sustainable development projects, make investments in renewable energy
businesses, repay principal and interest on our borrowings, make distributions to our members and fund our operations. Our primary
sources of cash generally consist of: 

the net proceeds from the offering of shares;   

dividends, fees, and
interest earned from our portfolio of investments;  

proceeds from sales
of assets and capital repayments from investments;  

financing fees, retainers
and structuring fees;  

incentives and payments
from federal, state and/or municipal governments; and  

potential borrowing
capacity under current and future financing sources.  

59   

Operating entities of the company, which
are accounted for as investments using fair value in the company s consolidated financial statements under ASC 820, had approximately
$6,654,000 and $4,964,000 in outstanding notes payable collateralized by certain solar assets and membership interests in limited
liability companies included in the East to West Solar and Green Maple Portfolios, respectively, as of September 30, 2016. The
company and GREC provided an unsecured guarantee on the repayment of these loans. 

Operating entities of the company, which
are accounted for as investments using fair value in the company s consolidated financial statements under ASC 820, had approximately
$10,239,000 and $3,449,000 in outstanding notes payable collateralized by certain solar assets and membership interests in limited
liability companies included in the East to West Solar and Green Maple Portfolios, respectively, as of December 31, 2015. The company
and GREC provided an unsecured guarantee on the repayment of these loans. During March 2015, the company renegotiated interest
rates on all of its outstanding bank loans with interest rates greater than 6.25% to reset the rates at 6.25%, prospectively. 

As of September 30, 2016, Williamstown
Old Town Road LLC, Novus Royalton LLC, GLC Chester Community Solar LLC, Charter Hill Solar LLC., Pittsford GLC Solar LLC, Hartford
Solarfield LLC, and Proctor GLC Solar LLC, all indirect, wholly owned subsidiaries included in the Green Maple Portfolio, individually
entered into loan agreements with the VEDA. As of September 30, 2016, the funded amount of the VEDA loans amounted to approximately
$5,183,000. The terms of all the loans include 1) a term of one hundred and forty seven (147) months with principal repayments
commencing in the fourth month; and 2) interest thereon at a variable rate, tied to VEDAs prime rate (2.25% as of September 30,
2016). While the individual subsidiaries of Green Maple LLC have pledged all their assets as collateral, Green Maple LLC, GREC
and the company have individually provided an unsecured guaranty on these loans. 

As part of the acquisition of Fairfield
Wind Manager LLC ( FWM LLC ) by Greenbacker Wind LLC, an indirect, wholly owned subsidiary of the company, the company
is indirectly responsible for approximately $11,998,000 in outstanding notes payable collateralized by wind assets held by Fairfield
Wind Owner, LLC ( FWO LLC ), an entity which FWM LLC owns 50.01%. The loan earns interest at a variable base rate plus
the applicable margin (3.76% as of September 30, 2016), as such terms are defined in the financing agreement. 

Since the company maintains operating control
over this entity, we have included the total amount of the debt outstanding in the below table summarizing notes payable associated
with the company s operating subsidiaries. 

On July 11, 2016, the company, through an
newly formed, indirect, wholly owned subsidiary, GREC Entity HoldCo LLC (the  Borrower ), entered into a Credit Agreement
by and among the Borrower, the lenders party thereto and Fifth Third Bank, as administrative agent, as well as swap counterparty.
The new credit facility consists of an initial term loan of $4,300,000 (the  Facility 1 Term Loan ) as well as a revolving
credit facility in the aggregate principal amount of up to $33,250,000 (the  Revolver ), with $15,950,000 immediately
available, that will convert to an additional term loan facility, based upon the amount outstanding on the conversion date, in
July 2017 (the  Facility 2 Term Loan ) (collectively, the  Credit Facility ). Both the Facility 1 Term
Loan and the Facility 2 Term Loan mature in July 2021. 

The company used the net proceeds of borrowings
under the Facility 1 Term Loan to repay amounts outstanding under a previously existing project loan. The net proceeds of borrowings
under the Revolver will be used for investment in additional alternative energy power generation assets and other general corporate
purposes. Loans made under the Credit Facility bear interest at 3.5% in excess of one-month LIBOR. Commitment fees on the average
daily unused portion of the Revolver are payable at a rate per annum of 0.25%. 

Interest on the Credit Facility is payable
on the last day of each month starting as of August 31, 2016. Principal on the Facility 1 Term Loan is payable at a fixed amount
of $23,889 on the last day of each month based upon a fifteen-year amortization. The Revolver is interest only for the first twelve
months. Thereafter, the Revolver converts to the Facility 2 Term Loan whereby principal will be due monthly with amortization based
upon the weighted average power purchase agreement life remaining on the date of conversion. Borrowings under the credit facility
are secured by the assets, cash, agreements and equity interests in the Borrower and its subsidiaries. The company and its wholly
owned subsidiary, Greenbacker Renewable Energy Corporation, are guarantors of the Borrower's obligations under the Credit Facility. 

60   

If an event of default shall occur and be
continuing under the Credit Facility, the commitments under the Credit Facility may be terminated and the principal amount outstanding
under the Credit Facility, together with all accrued unpaid interest and other amounts owing in respect thereof, may be declared
immediately due and payable. 

The weighted average interest rate on all
notes payable outstanding at the company s operating entities was 5.12% as of September 30, 2016. 

The following table summarizes the notes
payable balances of the company s operating entities as of September 30, 2016:    

The principal payments due on the notes
payable for each of the next five years ending December 31 and thereafter, are as follows: 

In the future, we expect that our ongoing
sources of financing will be through corporate-level credit facilities or other secured and unsecured borrowings. In addition,
we expect to use other financing methods at the project level as necessary, including joint venture structures, construction loans,
property mortgages, letters of credit, sale and leaseback transactions, other lease transactions and other arrangements, any of
which may be unsecured or may be secured by mortgages or other interests in our assets. In addition, other sources of capital may
include tax equity financings, whereby an investor receives an allocation of tax benefits as well as cash distribution and governmental
grants. Tax equity investors are passive investors, usually large tax-paying financial entities such as banks, insurance companies
and utility affiliates that use these investments to reduce future tax liabilities. Depending on the arrangement, until the tax
equity investors achieve their agreed upon rate of return, they may be entitled to substantially all of the applicable project s
operating cash flow, as well as substantially all of the project s ITCs, accelerated depreciation and taxable income or loss.
Typically, tax equity financing transactions are structured so that the tax equity investors reach their target return between
5 and 10 years after the applicable project achieves commercial operation. As a result, a tax equity financing may substantially
reduce the cash distributions from the applicable project available for debt service and the period during which the tax equity
investors receive most of the cash distributions may last longer than expected if the portfolio company s energy projects
perform below our expectations. While the terms of a tax equity financing may cause cash to be diverted away from the company to
the tax equity investor for certain periods specified in the financing arrangement (often five to ten years, measured from commencement
of the tax equity financing), then we expect to couple investments where cash is so restrained with other cash flowing investments
so as to provide cash for distributions to investors. Our investment strategy will involve a combination of different types of
investments, so as to maintain a mix of cash flowing and non-cash flowing investments. 

61   

Hedging Activities  

We may seek to stabilize our financing
costs as well as any potential decline in our investments by entering into derivatives (including swaps) or other financial products
in an attempt to hedge our interest rate risk. In connection with the FWO LLC note payable, FWO LLC entered into two interest rate
swap agreements in notional amounts of $9,175,561 and $11,997,694, respectively, to swap the floating rate interest payments under
the note payable agreement for corresponding fixed payments. The swap agreements have an effective interest rate of 2.86% and 5.075%,
respectively, and an outstanding total notional balance that matches the principal of the loan agreement. The value of the swap
agreements as of September 30, 2016 was a total liability in the amount of $2,735,127. FWO LLC did not designate the derivative
as a hedge for accounting purposes and, accordingly, accounts for the interest rate swap at fair value, with adjustments to fair
value recorded as interest expense. 

In regard to the Credit Facility, we have
entered in an interest rate swap agreement, effective July 29, 2016, with a total notional amount of $4,300,000 to swap the floating
rate interest payments on the Facility 1 Term Loan for a corresponding fixed payment. The fixed swap rate is 1.11% with an all-in
rate of 4.61% on the Facility 1 Term Loan. 

In regard to our investment
in the Canadian Northern Lights Portfolio, with 80 solar assets located in and around Toronto, Ontario, Canada, we have foreign
currency risk related to our revenue and operating expenses which are denominated in the Canadian Dollars as opposed to the U.S.
Dollars. While we are currently of the opinion that the currency fluctuation between the Canadian and U.S. Dollar will not have
a material impact on our operating results, we may in the future enter into derivatives or other financial instruments in an attempt
to hedge our foreign currency exchange risk if we believe not doing so would have a material impact our results of operations. 

Contractual Obligations  

While the company does not include a contractual
obligations table herein as all obligations of the company are short-term, we have included the following information related to
commitments of the company to further assist investors in understanding our outstanding commitments. 

Advisory Agreement  - GCM, a private
firm that is registered as an investment adviser under the Advisers Act serves as our advisor. Under the direction of our board
of directors, GCM manages our day-to-day operations and provides advisory and management services to us. The advisory agreement
was previously approved by our board of directors and became effective on April 25, 2014. Unless earlier terminated, the advisory
agreement will remain in effect for successive one-year periods if approved annually by a majority of our independent directors.
The advisory agreement was re-approved in March 2015 and February 2016, for the one-year period commencing April 25, 2015 and April
25, 2016, respectively. 

Pursuant to the advisory agreement, GCM is
authorized to retain one or more sub-advisors with expertise in our target assets to assist GCM in fulfilling its responsibilities
under the advisory agreement. However, GCM will be required to monitor any sub-advisor to ensure that material information discussed
by management of any sub-advisor is communicated to our board of directors, as appropriate. If GCM retains any sub-advisor, our
advisor will pay such sub-advisor a portion of the fees that it receives from us. We will not pay any additional fees to a sub-advisor.
While our advisor will oversee the performance of any sub-advisor, our advisor will remain primarily liable to us to perform all
of its duties under the advisory agreement, including those delegated to any sub-advisor. As of September 30, 2016, no sub-advisors
have been retained by GCM. 

We pay GCM a fee for advisory and management
services. The base management fee is calculated at a monthly rate of 0.167% (2.00% annually) of our gross assets (including amounts
borrowed). The Special Unitholder, an entity affiliated with our advisor, will hold the special unit in our company entitling it
to an incentive allocation and distribution. Pursuant to our LLC Agreement, the incentive allocation and distribution, or incentive
distribution, will have three parts as follows: the Income Incentive Distribution, Capital Gains Incentive Distribution and the
Liquidation Incentive Distribution. 

62   

Administration Agreement  - Greenbacker
Administration, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and an affiliate of our advisor, will serve as our Administrator. As
of September 30, 2016, Greenbacker Administration, LLC has delegated certain of its administrative functions to U.S. Bancorp Fund
Services, LLC. Greenbacker Administration, LLC may enter into similar arrangements with other third party administrators, including
with respect to cash management and fund accounting services. Greenbacker Administration, LLC performs certain asset management
and oversight services, as well as asset accounting and administrative services, for many of the company s investments. The
fee for these services, which is billed at cost,  is invoiced monthly in arrears. 

Pledge of Collateral and Unsecured Guarantee
of Loans to Subsidiaries:  Pursuant to various loan agreements between operating subsidiaries of the East to West Solar portfolio
and various financial institutions, East to West Solar LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of GREC, has pledged all of its solar operating
assets as well as the membership interests in various operating subsidiaries as collateral for the term loans which expire on dates
through 2021. In addition, East to West Solar LLC, GREC and the company have provided an unsecured guaranty on approximately $6,654,000
of term loans as of September 30, 2016. 

Pursuant to various loan agreements between
operating subsidiaries of the Green Maple portfolio and VEDA, Green Maple LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of GREC, has pledged all
solar operating assets as well as the membership interests in various operating subsidiaries as collateral for the term loans which
expire on dates through 2027. In addition, Green Maple LLC, GREC and the company have provided an unsecured guaranty on the outstanding
principal of term loans, which is approximately $4,964,000 as of September 30, 2016. 

Borrowings under the Credit Facility are
secured by the assets, cash, agreements and equity interests in the GREC Entity Holdco LLC and its subsidiaries. The company and
GREC are guarantors of GREC Entity Holdco LLC s obligations under the Credit Facility. The amount of the unsecured guaranty
on the outstanding principal of the Credit Facility is approximately $14,300,000 as of September 30, 2016. 

Renewable Energy Credits:  For certain
solar power systems in the Green Maple Portfolio, the company has received incentives in the form of RECs. Green Maple LLC has
entered into multiple five year binding contractual arrangements whereby Green Maple LLC agreed to sell a fixed amount of RECs
at a fixed price over the term of the agreement. REC revenue will be recognized by Green Maple LLC at the time it has transferred
a REC pursuant to an executed contract relating to the sale of the RECs to a third party. If production does not occur on the systems
for which we have sale contracts for our RECs, we may have to purchase RECs on the spot market or pay specified contractual damages.
Based upon current projections of electricity production, we do not expect a requirement to purchase RECs to fulfill our current
REC sales contracts. 

Recording of a sale of RECs under GAAP
is accounted for under Accounting Standards Codification Topic 605, Revenue Recognition. There are no differences in the process
and related revenue recognition between REC sales to utilities and non-utility customers. Revenue is recorded in our wholly owned,
single member LLCs when all revenue recognition criteria are met, including that: there is persuasive evidence that an arrangement
exists (typically through a contract), services rendered through the production of electricity, pricing is fixed and determinable
under the contract and collectability is reasonably assured. The accounting policy adopted by our wholly owned, single member related
to RECs is that the revenue recognition criteria are met when the energy is produced and a REC is generated and transferred to
a third party. 

Agreement to Purchase Membership Interests
in Greenfield Wind Manager:  Pursuant to a purchase and sale agreement dated June 24, 2016, the company has committed to purchase
Greenfield Wind Manager, LLC ( GWLLC ), which is in the process of constructing a 25MW wind farm in Teton County, Montana,
subject to significant contingencies including, but not limited to, having the wind farm placed in service by December 31, 2016,
receipt of certifications from various independent experts on engineering, insurance, environmental and title matters, and evidence
of certain tax elections filed. If these conditions are not met by December 31, 2016, the company s commitment expires. GWLLC
is the borrower on the Turbine Supply Loan issued by the company on June 23, 2016. With the repayment of the turbine supply loan
expected to be coincident with the closing of the GWLLC purchase, the company s net commitment for additional funds is approximately
$8,600,000. 

If any of our contractual obligations discussed
above are terminated, our costs may increase under any new agreements that we enter into as replacements. We would also likely
incur expenses in locating alternative parties to provide the services we expect to receive under our advisory agreement. 

We currently have no off-balance sheet arrangements,
including any risk management of commodity pricing or other hedging practices. 

63   

Distributions  

Subject to the board of directors 
review and approval and applicable legal restrictions, we intend to authorize and declare distributions on a quarterly basis and
pay distributions on a monthly basis. We will calculate each member s specific distribution amount for the period using record
and declaration dates, and each member s distributions will begin to accrue on the date we accept each member s subscription
for shares. From time to time, we may also pay interim special distributions in the form of cash or shares, with the approval of
our board of directors. 

Distributions will be made on all classes
of our shares at the same time. The cash distributions with respect to the Class C shares are lower than the cash distributions
with respect to Class A, I, P-A and P-I shares because of the distribution fee relating to Class C shares, which will be allocated
as a Class C specific charge. Amounts distributed to each class will be allocated among the holders of our shares in such class
in proportion to their shares. 

The company is building its asset base by
purchasing individual operating assets or portfolios of operating assets as gross offering proceeds are raised and cash becomes
available. Cash distributions paid during the periods presented were funded from the following sources noted below: 

The company expects to continue to fund distributions
from a combination of cash from operations as well as offering proceeds until a minimum of $150 million in net assets is reached
as well as being fully invested in operating assets. We expect distributions to continue at the current level once we achieve this
minimum and we do not anticipate significant changes in the level of distributions in future periods. 

Inflation  

We do not anticipate that inflation will
have a significant effect on our results of operations. However, in the event of a significant increase in inflation, interest
rates could rise and our projects and investments may be materially adversely affected. 

Seasonality  

Certain types of renewable power generation
may exhibit seasonal behavior. For example, wind power generation is generally stronger in winter than in summer as wind speed
tends to be higher when the weather is colder. In contrast, solar power generation is typically stronger in the summer than in
the winter. This is primarily due to the brighter sunshine, longer days and shorter nights of the summer months, which generally
result in the highest power output of the year for solar power. Because these seasonal variations are relatively predictable for
these types of assets, we factor in the effects of seasonality when analyzing a potential investment in these target assets. Therefore,
the impact that seasonality may have on our business, including the cash flows from our investments in our target assets, will
depend on the diversity of our investments in renewable energy, energy efficiency and other sustainability related projects in
our overall portfolio at such time as we have fully invested the proceeds from this offering. However, in the early stages of our
operations, or to the extent our initial investments are concentrated in either solar or wind power, we expect our business to
be seasonal based on the type of investment, as discussed above. 

64   

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
Risk  

The following qualitative disclosures regarding
our market risk exposures   except for (i) those disclosures that are statements of historical fact and (ii) the descriptions
of how we, along with our advisor, manage our primary market risk exposures, constitute forward- looking statements within the
meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. Our primary market risk exposures as well as
the strategies used and to be used by the advisor managing such exposures are subject to numerous uncertainties, contingencies
and risks, any one of which could cause the actual results of our risk controls to differ materially from the objectives of such
strategies. Government interventions, defaults and expropriations, illiquid markets, the emergence of dominant fundamental factors,
political upheavals, changes in historical price relationships, an influx of new market participants, increased regulation and
many other factors could result in material losses as well as in material changes to our risk exposures and risk management strategies.
There can be no assurance that our current market exposure and/or risk management strategies will not change materially or that
any such strategies will be effective in either the short or long term. Investors must be prepared to lose all or substantially
all of their investment in the shares. 

We anticipate that our primary market risks
will be related to commodity prices, the credit quality of our counterparties and project companies and market interest rates.
We will seek to manage these risks while, at the same time, seeking to provide an opportunity to members to realize attractive
returns through ownership of our shares. 

Commodity price risk . Investments
in renewable energy and energy efficiency projects and businesses expose us to volatility in the market prices of electricity.
In an effort to stabilize our revenue, we generally expect our projects will have power purchase agreements with local utilities
and off-takers that ensure that all or most of electricity generated by each project will be purchased at the contracted price.
In the event any electricity is not purchased by the off-taker or the energy produced exceeds the off-taker s capacity, we
generally will sell that excess energy to the local utility or other suitable counterparty, which would potentially ensure revenue
is generated for all electricity produced. We may be exposed to the risk that the off-taker will fail to perform under the power
purchase agreement, with the result that we will have to sell our electricity at the market price, which could be disadvantageous. 

In regard to the market price of oil, our
investments are little effected by the volatility in this market as most oil consumed in the U.S. today is used for transportation
infrastructure and not for the generation of electricity. 

Credit risk . Through our investments
in our target assets, we expect to be indirectly exposed to credit risk relating to counterparties to the electricity sales agreements
(including power purchase agreements) for our projects as well as the businesses in which we invest. If counterparties to the electricity
sales agreements for our projects or the businesses in which we invest are unable to make payments to us when due, or at all, our
financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely effected. GCM will seek to mitigate this risk by deploying
a comprehensive review and asset selection process and careful ongoing monitoring of acquired assets. In addition, we expect our
projects will seek to have contracts with high credit quality counterparties. Nevertheless, unanticipated credit losses could occur
which could adversely impact our operating results. 

Changes in market interest rates .
With respect to our proposed business operations, general increases in interest rates over time may cause the interest expense
associated with our borrowings to increase, and the value of our debt investments to decline. Conversely, general decreases in
interest rates over time may cause the interest expense associated with our borrowings to decrease, and the value of our debt investments
to increase. 

Changes in government incentives .
Retrospective changes in the levels of government incentives may have a negative impact on current investments. Prospective changes
in the levels of government incentives may impact the relative attractiveness of future investments in various renewable energy
projects, which could make it difficult for GCM to find suitable investments in the sector. 

65   

Item 4. Controls and Procedures  

Disclosure Controls  

In accordance with Rules 13a-15(b) and 15d-15(b)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), we, under the supervision and with the participation
of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and determined that the disclosure controls and procedures are effective. Our disclosure controls
and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information we are required to disclose in the reports that we
file or submit under the Exchange Act are recorded, processed and summarized and reported within the time period specified in the
applicable rules and forms. 

Change in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting  

No change occurred in
our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the period
ended September 30, 2016, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over
financial reporting. 

Limitations on the Effectiveness of Controls  

Any control system, no matter how well designed
and operated, can only provide reasonable (but not absolute) assurance that its objectives will be met. Furthermore, no evaluation
of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1. Legal Proceedings  

None of us, GCM, or the Administrator, is
currently subject to any material legal proceedings, nor, to our knowledge, is any material legal proceeding threatened against
us, or against GCM or the Administrator. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors  

There have been no material changes from
the risk factors disclosed under the heading  Risk Factors  in the LLC s annual report on Form 10-K/A for the
year ended December 31, 2015. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of
Proceeds  

Not applicable. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities  

Not applicable. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures  

Not applicable.    

Item 5. Other information  

Not applicable. 

66   

Item 6. Exhibits  

32.2**  
       
      Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002     

101  
       
      The following materials from Greenbacker Renewable Energy Company LLC s Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, filed on November 14, 2016, formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business
Reporting Language): (i) Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations, (iii)
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, (v) Consolidated Schedules of Investments
and (vi) Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements   

*  
      Filed previously.   

**  
      Filed herewith.   

67   

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly
authorized. 

Date: November 14, 2016  
      By   
      /s/ Charles Wheeler    

Charles Wheeler   

Chief Executive Officer and Director   

(Principal Executive Officer)    

Greenbacker Renewable Energy Company LLC   

Date: November 14, 2016  
      By   
      /s/ Richard C. Butt   

Richard C. Butt   

Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer   

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)    

Greenbacker Renewable Energy Company LLC   

68   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 s104474_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31-1

Exhibit 31.1  

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT 
OF 2002  

I, Charles Wheeler, certify that: 

1.    I have reviewed this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q of Greenbacker Renewable Energy Company LLC;  

2.    Based on my knowledge, this
report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by
this report;  

3.    Based on my knowledge, the
financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  

4.    The registrant s other
certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

(a)    Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;      

(b)    Designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

(c)    Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  

(d)    Disclosed in this report
any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most
recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  

5.    The registrant s other
certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions):  

(a)    All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  

(b)    Any fraud, whether or
not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control
over financial reporting.  

Date: November 14, 2016 

/s/ Charles Wheeler   

Charles Wheeler   

Chief Executive Officer and Director   

(Principal Executive Officer)    

Greenbacker Renewable Energy Company LLC   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 s104474_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31-2

Exhibit 31.2  

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT 
OF 2002  

I, Richard C. Butt, certify that: 

1.    I have reviewed this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q of Greenbacker Renewable Energy Company LLC;  

2.    Based on my knowledge, this
report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by
this report;  

3.    Based on my knowledge, the
financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  

4.    The registrant s other
certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

(a)    Designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that
material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

(b)    Designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

(c)    Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  

(d)    Disclosed in this report
any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most
recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  

5.    The registrant s other
certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions):  

(a)    All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  

(b)    Any fraud, whether or
not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control
over financial reporting.  

Date: November 14, 2016 

/s/ Richard C. Butt    

Richard C. Butt   

Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer    

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)     

Greenbacker Renewable Energy Company LLC   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 s104474_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32-1

Exhibit 32.1  

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION   

  1350,   AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002  

I, Charles Wheeler, Chief Executive Officer,
in connection with the Quarterly Report of Greenbacker Renewable Energy Company LLC (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for
the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Quarterly
Report ), certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1.    The Quarterly Report
fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and  

2.    The information contained
in the Quarterly Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the company.  

Date: November 14, 2016 

/s/ Charles Wheeler   

Charles Wheeler   

Chief Executive Officer and Director   

(Principal Executive Officer)    

Greenbacker Renewable Energy Company LLC   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 s104474_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32-2

Exhibit 32.2  

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL   

  OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION

1350,   AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002  

I, Richard C. Butt , Chief Financial Officer,
in connection with the Quarterly Report of Greenbacker Renewable Energy Company LLC (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for
the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Quarterly
Report ), certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1.    The Quarterly Report
fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and  

2.    The information contained
in the Quarterly Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the company.  

Date: November 14, 2016 

/s/ Richard C. Butt   

Richard C. Butt   

Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer    

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)     

Greenbacker Renewable Energy Company LLC   

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 ck0001563922-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 ck0001563922-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 ck0001563922-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 ck0001563922-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 ck0001563922-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 ck0001563922-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

