<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1095277_0001564590-16-029256_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12047359</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>336113</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>464891</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2841670</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4030290</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2544823</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>53</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001564590-16-029256.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114163432
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001564590-16-029256
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		100
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			INTERSECTIONS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001095277
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROCESSING & DATA PREPARATION [7374]
		IRS NUMBER:				541956515
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-50580
		FILM NUMBER:		161995233

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3901 STONECROFT BOULEVARD
		CITY:			CHANTILLY
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			20151
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7034886100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3901 STONECROFT BOULEVARD
		CITY:			CHANTILLY
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			20151

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001564590-16-029256.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 intx-10q_20160930.htm
 FORM 10-Q

intx-10q_20160930.htm

C 
   
 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
   
 Form 10-Q 

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 
 OR 

Commission file number: 000-50580 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in the charter)  

DELAWARE  
 
 54-1956515  

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization)  
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification Number)  

(703) 488-6100 
 (Registrant s telephone number including area code) 
   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes           No        
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes           No        
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer  

Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  
 
       (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)   
 
 Smaller reporting company  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 12b-2).    Yes           No        
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the last practicable date: 
 As of November 3, 2016 there were 27,294,397 shares of common stock, $0.01 par value, issued and 23,724,695 shares outstanding, with 3,569,702 shares of treasury stock. 

Form 10-Q  
 September 30, 2016 
 Table of Contents 

Page  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1.  
 
   Financial Statements (Unaudited)    
 
 3  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015    
 
 3  

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015    
 
 4  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015    
 
 5  

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements    
 
 6  

Item 2.  
 
   Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations    
 
 28  

Item 4.  
 
   Controls and Procedures    
 
 53  

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1.  
 
   Legal Proceedings    
 
 54  

Item 1A.  
 
   Risk Factors    
 
 54  

Item 2.  
 
   Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds    
 
 55  

Item 6.  
 
   Exhibits    
 
 56  

2 

PART I. FINANCI  AL INFORMATION  

Item 1.   
 
      Financial Statements     

 INTERSECTIONS INC. 
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 
 (unaudited) 

See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

3 

INTERSECTIONS INC.  
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in thousands, except par value) 
 (unaudited) 

See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

4 

INTERSECTIONS INC.  
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in thousands) 
 (unaudited) 

See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 5 

INTERSECTIONS INC.  
     NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (unaudited) 

1.   
 
 Organization and Business    

 Our business uses data to help consumers reduce risk through subscription services. We operate in four reportable segments: Personal Information Services; Insurance and Other Consumer Services; Pet Health Monitoring; and Bail Bonds Industry Solutions. Corporate headquarter office transactions including, but not limited to, legal, human resources, finance and internal audit expenses that have not been attributed to a particular segment continue to be reported in our Corporate business unit. 
 Our Personal Information Services segment helps consumers understand, monitor, manage and protect against the risks associated with the exposure of their personal information. Our current services include: providing credit reports, performing credit monitoring and providing educational credit scores and credit education; reports, monitoring and education about other personal information and risks, such as public records, identity validation, new account opening and Internet data risks; identity theft recovery services; identity theft cost reimbursement insurance; and software and other technology tools and services. We also offer breach response services to large and small organizations responding to compromises of sensitive personal information and other customer and employee data. We help these organizations notify the affected individuals and we provide the affected individuals with identity theft recovery and credit monitoring services. We continue to develop innovative new services to add to our IDENTITY GUARD    portfolio and address the increasing awareness by consumers of the risks associated with their personal information. We have a dual go-to-market strategy in the U.S. and Canada, through partner marketing and direct-to-consumer marketing through search and display messaging. Our growth strategy in this segment includes expanding our product offerings to include new personal information and identity theft protection capabilities, leveraging our IDENTITY GUARD    brand and consumer direct marketing in the U.S. and Canada, and growing our partner marketing and distribution relationships in the U.S. and Canada. 
 Our Insurance and Other Consumer Services segment includes insurance and membership products for consumers, delivered on a subscription basis. We are not planning to develop new business in this segment and are experiencing normal subscriber attrition due to ceased marketing and retention efforts. Some of our legacy subscriber portfolios have been cancelled, and our continued servicing of other subscribers may be cancelled as a result of actions taken by one or more financial institutions. Beginning in September 2016, our Habits at Work business was reclassified to our Personal Information Services segment from our Insurance and Other Consumer Services segment due to a change in business strategy. We concluded that the impact to our condensed consolidated financial statements was not material, and therefore we have not recast our segment disclosures prior to September 2016. 
 Our Pet Health Monitoring segment provides health and wellness monitoring products and services for veterinarians and pet owners through our subsidiary, i4c Innovations Inc. ( i4c ), which does business as Voyce. VOYCE    is our pet health monitoring platform and information management service that collects, translates, monitors and distributes biometric data from our proprietary Health Monitors to veterinarians and consumers. The data we provide includes key animal vital signs like resting respiratory and heart rates, rest and quality of rest, activity and the intensity of that activity, distance traveled and caloric burn. This data enables pet owners and their veterinarian health advisors to monitor their pets remotely, thus replacing subjective observation with objective biometric data. At home, remote monitoring through VOYCE    enhances pet care by providing important information to the veterinary professionals to help identify medical concerns, monitor the efficacy of treatments and provide better management of ongoing conditions. The VOYCE    Health Monitor is designed with the pet s comfort in mind. It collects pet wellness and vital sign indication data using proprietary, non-invasive, radio frequency based technology, together with an accelerometer, an onboard microcomputer and specialized algorithms. This data is transmitted wirelessly from the Health Monitor to our cloud based system, where it is translated, stored and available to be viewed by the pet owner or veterinarian. We provide valuable data and insight to pet owners and veterinarians in a manner we believe never previously available. Data collected from our Health Monitor is translated and coupled with content written by top pet and veterinary experts exclusively for VOYCE    to create a professional, highly relevant and personalized customer experience. The interactive platform also offers several features including, but not limited to, the ability to store medical records, set reminders, and create and track goals. We continue to contract with veterinarian hospitals and offer training and onboarding programs to effectively deploy the service. 
 Our Bail Bonds Industry Solutions segment includes the automated service solutions for the bail bonds industry provided by Captira Analytical. This segment s proprietary solutions provide easy and efficient ways for bail bondsmen, general agents and sureties to organize and share data and make better decisions. Leveraging its existing software platform, we are continuing to expand into similarly challenged and underserved related industries. 

6 

2.   
 
      Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies     

 Basis of Presentation and Consolidation 
 The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared by us in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( U.S. GAAP ) and applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission, and in management s opinion reflect all normal and recurring adjustments necessary for a fair presentation of results of operations, financial position and cash flows for the periods presented. They include the accounts of the Company and our subsidiaries. In the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we implemented an allocation policy to charge a portion of general and administrative expenses from our Corporate business unit into our other segments. The charge is a reasonable estimate of the services provided by our Corporate business unit to support each segment s operations. For comparability, the results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 have been recast to reflect this allocation. We have not recast our condensed consolidated balance sheets or our condensed consolidated statements of cash flows. 
 Our decision to consolidate an entity is based on our assessment that we have a controlling financial interest in such entity. All intercompany transactions have been eliminated from the condensed consolidated statements of operations. The condensed consolidated results of operations for the interim periods are not necessarily indicative of results for the full year. 
 These condensed consolidated financial statements do not include all the information or notes necessary for a complete presentation and, accordingly, should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes for the year ended December 31, 2015, as filed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Use of Estimates 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
 Restricted Cash 
 We classify cash as restricted when the cash is unavailable for withdrawal or usage for general operations. Our restricted cash represents cash collateral to one commercial bank for corporate credit cards and electronic payments. Restricted cash is included in prepaid expenses and other current assets in our condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 We recognize revenue on 1) identity theft protection services, 2) insurance services, 3) other monthly membership products and transaction services and 4) the pet wellness products and services. 
 Our products and services are offered to consumers principally on a monthly subscription basis. Subscription fees billed by our clients are generally billed directly to the subscriber s credit card, mortgage bill or demand deposit accounts. Subscription fees billed by us are generally billed directly to the subscriber s credit card except for arrangements under which subscription fees are paid to us by our clients on behalf of the subscriber. The prices to subscribers of various configurations of our products and services range generally from $4.99 to $25.00 per month. As a means of allowing customers to become familiar with our services, our subscriptions typically are offered with trial, delayed billing or guaranteed refund periods. No revenues are recognized until applicable trial periods are completed. 
 Identity Theft Protection Services 
 We recognize revenue from our services when: a) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists as we maintain signed contracts with all of our clients and paper and electronic confirmations with individual purchasers, b) delivery has occurred, c) the seller s price to the buyer is fixed as sales are generally based on contract or list prices and payments from organizations are collected within 30 days with no significant write-offs, and d) collectability is reasonably assured as individual customers pay by credit card which has limited our risk of non-collection. Revenue for monthly subscriptions is recognized in the month the subscription fee is earned. We also generate revenue through a collaborative arrangement, which involves joint marketing and servicing activities. We recognize our share of revenues and expenses from this arrangement. 
   Revenue for annual subscription fees must be deferred if the subscriber has the right to cancel the service and the service is earned over the year. Annual subscriptions include subscribers with full refund provisions at any time during the subscription period and pro-rata refund provisions. Revenue related to annual subscriptions with full refund provisions is recognized on the expiration of these refund provisions. Revenue related to annual subscribers with pro-rata provisions is recognized based on a pro-rata share of  
 7 

revenue earned. An al  lowance for discretionary subscription refunds is established based on our historical experience. For subscriptions with refund provisions whereby only the prorated subscription fee is refunded upon cancellation by the subscriber, deferred subscription fee  s are recorded when billed and amortized as subscription fee revenue on a straight-line basis over the subscription period, generally one year.  
 We record revenue on a gross basis in the amount that we bill the subscriber when our arrangements provide for us to serve as the primary obligor in the transaction, we have latitude in establishing price and we bear the credit risk for the amount billed to the subscriber. We also provide services for which certain clients are the primary obligors directly to their customers. We record revenue in the amount that we bill certain clients, and not the amount billed to their customers, when our client is the primary obligor, establishes the price to the customer and bears the credit risk. 
 Revenue from these arrangements is recognized on a monthly basis when earned, which is at the time we provide the service. In some instances, we recognize revenue for the delivery of operational services including fulfillment events, information technology development hours or customer service minutes, rather than per customer fees. 
 Insurance Services 
 We recognize revenue from our services when: a) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists as we maintain paper and electronic confirmations with individual purchasers, b) delivery has occurred, c) the seller s price to the buyer is fixed as the price of the product is agreed to by the customer as a condition of the sales transaction which established the sales arrangement, and d) collectability is reasonably assured as evidenced by our collection of revenue through the monthly mortgage payments of our customers or through checking account debits to our customers  accounts. Revenues from insurance contracts are recognized when earned. Our insurance products generally involve a trial period during which time the product is made available at no cost to the customer. No revenues are recognized until applicable trial periods are completed. 
 For insurance products, we record revenue on a net basis as we perform as an agent or broker for the insurance products without assuming the risks of ownership of the insurance products. 
 We participate in agency relationships with insurance carriers that underwrite insurance products offered by us. Accordingly, insurance premiums collected from customers and remitted to insurance carriers are excluded from our revenues and operating expenses. Insurance premiums collected but not remitted to insurance carriers as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 totaled $401 thousand and $444 thousand, respectively, and are included in accrued expenses and other current liabilities in our condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 Other Membership Products and Transaction Services 
 For other membership products, we record revenue on a gross basis as we serve as the primary obligor in the transactions, have latitude in establishing price and bear credit risk for the amount billed to the subscriber. 
 Consulting services, primarily from our Insurance and Other Consumer Services segment, are offered to customers primarily on a fixed fee, retainer or commission basis. We recognize revenue from our consulting services when: a) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists as we maintain contracts or electronic communication documenting the agreement, b) performance has occurred, c) the seller s price to the buyer is fixed as the price of the services is agreed to by the customer as a condition of the sales transaction which established the sales arrangement, and d) collectability is reasonably assured as evidenced through a strong history of payment by our customers with no significant write-offs. We record revenue on a gross basis in the amount that we bill the customer when our arrangements provide for us to serve as the primary obligor in the transaction, we have latitude in establishing price and we bear credit risk for the amount billed to the customer. We record the net amount as commissions earned if we do not serve as the primary obligor and do not have latitude in establishing prices. 
 We generate and recognize revenue from our services in our Bail Bonds Industry Solutions segment from providing management service solutions to the bail bond industry on a monthly subscription or transactional basis.  
 Pet Wellness Products and Services 
   We recognize revenue in our Pet Health Monitoring segment from the sale of the hardware, the VOYCE    and VOYCE PRO    subscription monitoring services and the fixed portion of shipping and handling receipts. We recognize revenue when: a) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists as we maintain signed contracts with all of our clients and electronic confirmations with individual purchasers, b) delivery of the hardware and performance of the service has occurred, c) the seller s price to the buyer is fixed, stated refund privileges, if any, have lapsed and the price of the product is agreed to by the purchaser as a condition of the sales transaction and d) collectability is reasonably assured as evidenced through a history of payment by our clients with no significant write-offs and individual customers pay by credit card, which has limited our risk of non-collection. We recognize revenue on a gross basis in the amount that we bill the subscriber when our arrangements provide for us to serve as the primary obligor in the transaction, we have  
 8 

latitude in esta  blishing price and we bear the credit risk for the amount billed to the subscriber. Service revenue for prepaid subscriptions is recognized ratably over the applicable service period. As VOYCE        and VOYCE PRO        are new products and sufficient history on the frequency of returns is unavailable to estimate a returns allowance, revenue is deferred until stated refund privileges, if any, lapse. Due to the deferral period, we currently do not have an allowance for di  scretionary product or subscription refunds. We will continue to monitor our actual returns in future periods in order to develop sufficient history on returns and cancellation privileges and may reevaluate the deferral periods.  
 In accordance with U.S. GAAP, cost of hardware revenue is also deferred over the respective revenue deferral periods, and the expense is recorded in the same period as the associated revenue. The deferred cost of hardware revenue is included in prepaid expenses and other current assets in our condensed consolidated balance sheets. Free trials with no future service agreement are recognized immediately as expense under cost of service and hardware revenue in our condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 We classify and recognize amounts billed to customers related to shipping and handling as hardware revenue and amounts incurred related to shipping and handling as cost of hardware revenue in our condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 Goodwill, Identifiable Intangibles and Other Long-Lived Assets 
 We record, as goodwill, the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the identifiable net assets acquired in purchase transactions. We review our goodwill for impairment annually, as of October 31, or more frequently if indicators of impairment exist. As required by U.S. GAAP, goodwill is reflected as an asset in our Personal Information Services and Insurance and Other Consumer Services segments  balance sheets, resulting from our acquisitions of White Sky Inc. and Habits at Work in 2015 as well as our prior acquisition of IISI Insurance Services Inc. ( IISI ), formerly known as Intersections Insurance Services Inc., in 2006. 
 In evaluating whether indicators of impairment exist, an initial assessment of qualitative factors to determine whether it is necessary to perform the goodwill impairment test can be utilized (commonly referred to as the step zero approach). For reporting units in which the qualitative assessment concludes it is more likely than not that the fair value is more than its carrying value, the guidance eliminates the requirement to perform further goodwill impairment testing. For those reporting units where a significant change or event occurs, and where potential impairment indicators exist, we continue to utilize a two-step quantitative assessment to test goodwill for impairment. A significant amount of judgment is involved in determining if an indicator of impairment has occurred. Such indicators may include, among others (a) a significant decline in our expected future cash flows; (b) a sustained, significant decline in our stock price and market capitalization; (c) a significant adverse change in legal factors or in the business climate; (d) unanticipated competition; (e) the testing for recoverability of a significant asset group within a reporting unit; and (f) slower growth rates. Any adverse change in these factors could have a significant impact on the recoverability of these assets and could have a material impact in our condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 The goodwill impairment test involves a two-step process. The first step is a comparison of each reporting unit s fair value to its carrying value. We estimate fair value using the best information available, using a combined income approach (discounted cash flow) and market based approach. The income approach measures the value of the reporting units by the present values of its economic benefits. These benefits can include revenue and cost savings. The market based approach measures the value of an entity through an analysis of recent sales or offerings of comparable companies and using revenue and other multiples of comparable companies as a reasonable basis to estimate our implied multiples. Value indications are developed by discounting expected cash flows to their present value at a rate of return that incorporates the risk-free rate for use of funds, trends within the industry, and risks associated with particular investments of similar type and quality as of the valuation date. In addition, we consider the uncertainty of realizing the projected cash flows in the analysis. 
 The estimated fair values of our reporting units are dependent on several significant assumptions, including our earnings projections, and cost of capital (discount rate). The projections use management s best estimates of economic and market conditions over the projected period including business plans, growth rates in sales, costs, and estimates of future expected changes in operating margins and cash expenditures. Other significant estimates and assumptions include terminal value growth rates, estimates of future capital expenditures, changes in future working capital requirements and overhead cost allocation, based on each reporting unit s relative benefit received from the functions that reside in our Corporate business unit. We perform a detailed analysis of our Corporate overhead costs for purposes of establishing the overhead allocation baseline for the projection period. Overhead allocation methods include, but are not limited to, the percentage of the payroll within each reporting unit, allocation of existing support function costs based on estimated usage by the reporting units, and vendor specific costs incurred by Corporate that can be reasonably attributed to a particular reporting unit. These allocations are adjusted over the projected period in our discounted cash flow analysis based on the forecasted changing relative needs of the reporting units. Throughout the forecast period, the majority of Corporate s total overhead expenses are allocated to our Personal Information Services reporting unit. We believe this overhead allocation method fairly allocates costs to each reporting unit, and we will continue to review, and possibly refine, these allocation methods as our businesses grow and mature. There are inherent uncertainties related to these factors and management s judgment in applying each to the analysis of the recoverability of goodwill. 
 9 

We estimate fair value giving consideration to both the income   and market approaches. Consideration is given to the line of business and operating performance of the entities being valued relative to those of actual transactions, potentially subject to corresponding economic, environmental, and political factors cons  idered to be reasonable investment alternatives.  
 If the estimated fair value of a reporting unit exceeds its carrying value, goodwill of the reporting unit is not impaired and the second step of the impairment test is not necessary. If the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds its estimated fair value, then the second step of the goodwill impairment test must be performed. The second step of the goodwill impairment test compares the implied fair value of the reporting unit s goodwill with its goodwill carrying value to measure the amount of impairment charge, if any. The implied fair value of goodwill is determined in the same manner as the amount of goodwill recognized in a business combination. In other words, the estimated fair value of the reporting unit is allocated to all of the assets and liabilities of that unit (including any unrecognized intangible assets) as if the reporting unit had been acquired in a business combination and the fair value of that reporting unit was the purchase price paid. If the carrying value of the reporting unit s goodwill exceeds the implied fair value of that goodwill, an impairment charge is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. 
 As of September 30, 2016, goodwill of $347 thousand resided in our Insurance and Other Consumer Services reporting unit and goodwill of $9.4 million resided in our Personal Information Services reporting unit after the reclassification of one of our business lines. For additional information, please see Note 11. There is no goodwill remaining in our other reporting units. 
 We review long-lived assets, including finite-lived intangible assets, property and equipment and other long-term assets, for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts of the assets may not be fully recoverable. Significant judgments in this area involve determining whether a triggering event has occurred and determining the future cash flows for assets involved. In conducting our analysis, we would compare the undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated from the long-lived assets to the related net book values. If the undiscounted cash flows exceed the net book value, the long-lived assets are considered not to be impaired. If the net book value exceeds the undiscounted cash flows, an impairment charge is measured and recognized. An impairment charge is measured as the difference between the net book value and the fair value of the long-lived assets. Fair value is estimated by discounting the future cash flows associated with these assets. 
 Intangible assets subject to amortization may include customer, marketing and technology related intangibles, as well as trademarks. Such intangible assets, excluding customer related intangibles, are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives, which are generally two to ten years. Customer related intangible assets are amortized on either a straight-line or accelerated basis, depending upon the pattern in which the economic benefits of the intangible asset are consumed or otherwise used up. 
 Income Taxes 
 We account for income taxes under the applicable provisions of U.S. GAAP, which requires an asset and liability approach to financial accounting and reporting for income taxes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. In evaluating our ability to recover our deferred tax assets, we consider all available positive and negative evidence, including projected future taxable income and future reversal of existing deferred tax assets and liabilities, sufficient sources of taxable income in available carryback periods, tax-planning strategies, and historical results of recent operations. The assumptions about future taxable income require significant judgment and are consistent with the plans and estimates we are using to manage the underlying businesses. In evaluating the objective evidence that historical results provide, we consider three trailing years of cumulative operating income (loss). Valuation allowances are provided, if, based upon the weight of the available evidence, it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Changes in tax laws and rates may affect recorded deferred tax assets and liabilities and our effective tax rate in the future. 
 Accounting for income taxes in interim periods provides that at the end of each interim period we are required to make our best estimate of the consolidated effective tax rate expected to be applicable for our full calendar year. The rate so determined shall be used in providing for income taxes on a consolidated current year-to-date basis. Further, the rate is reviewed, if necessary, as of the end of each successive interim period during the year to our best estimate of our annual effective tax rate. 
 In addition to the amount of tax resulting from applying the estimated annual effective tax rate to income from operations before income taxes, we may include certain items treated as discrete events to arrive at an estimated overall tax amount. 
   We believe that our tax positions comply with applicable tax law. As a matter of course, we may be audited by various taxing authorities and these audits may result in proposed assessments where the ultimate resolution may result in us owing additional taxes. U.S. GAAP addresses the determination of whether tax benefits claimed or expected to be claimed on a tax return should be recorded in the financial statements. We may recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position should be measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than fifty  
 10 

percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. U.S. GAAP pro  vides guidance on how an enterprise should determine whether a tax position is effectively settled for the purpose of recognizing previously unrecognized tax benefits.  
 Our income tax expense and liability and/or receivable, deferred tax assets and liabilities, and liabilities for uncertain tax benefits reflect management s best assessment of estimated current and future taxes to be paid or received. Significant judgments and estimates are required in determining the consolidated income tax expense. 
 Debt Issuance Costs 
 Debt issuance costs are capitalized and amortized to interest expense using the effective interest method over the life of the related debt agreements. The effective interest rate applied to the amortization is reviewed periodically and may change if actual principal repayments of the term loan differ from estimates. In accordance with U.S. GAAP, short-term and long-term debt are presented net of the unamortized debt issuance costs in our condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 Classification of Debt 
 In March 2016, we and our subsidiaries entered into a credit agreement ( Credit Agreement ) with Crystal Financial SPV LLC. Pursuant to the Credit Agreement, we are required to make certain prepayments on our term loan with Crystal Financial SPV LLC in addition to scheduled quarterly repayments, including but not limited to proceeds received from certain tax refunds, asset dispositions, extraordinary receipts, excess cash flows (as defined in the Credit Agreement) and equity issuances, except for proceeds from the sale of up to 20% of the equity of our subsidiary, i4c, which may be invested in the business of i4c. Scheduled quarterly repayments and estimated prepayments that we expect to remit in the next twelve months are classified as the current portion of long-term debt in our condensed consolidated financial statements, net of unamortized debt issuance costs to be amortized in the next twelve months based on the current effective interest rate applied. 
 Share Based Compensation 
 We currently issue equity and equity-based awards under the 2014 Stock Incentive Plan (the  Plan ). Individual awards under the 2014 Stock Incentive Plan may take the form of incentive stock options, nonqualified stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock awards and/or restricted stock units. 
 The Compensation Committee administers the Plan, selects the individuals who will receive awards and establishes the terms and conditions of those awards. Restricted stock units in the Plan that have expired, terminated, or been canceled or forfeited are available for issuance or use in connection with future awards. 
 We use the Black-Scholes option-pricing model to value all options and the straight-line method to amortize this fair value as compensation cost over the requisite service period. The fair value of each option granted has been estimated as of the date of grant with the following weighted-average assumptions for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. During the nine months ended September 30, 2015, we did not grant stock options.   
 Expected Dividend Yield.  Under the Credit Agreement, we are currently prohibited from declaring and paying dividends and therefore, the dividend yield was zero.  
 Expected Volatility.  The expected volatility of options granted was estimated based upon our historical share price volatility based on the expected term of the underlying grants, or approximately 45%.  
 Risk-free Interest Rate.  The yield on actively traded non-inflation indexed U.S. Treasury notes was used to extrapolate an average risk-free interest rate based on the expected term of the underlying grants, or approximately 1.1%.  
 Expected Term.  The expected term of options granted was determined by considering employees  historical exercise patterns, or approximately 4.8 years. We will continue to review our estimate in the future and adjust it, if necessary, due to changes in our historical exercises.  
 In accordance with U.S. GAAP, we assess the probability that the performance conditions of our performance-based restricted stock units ( PBRSUs ) will be achieved and record share based compensation expense based on the probable outcome of that performance condition. Vesting of the PBRSUs is dependent upon continued employment and achievement of defined performance goals for the year, which is based upon Adjusted EBITDA as defined and determined by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. We recognize the share based compensation expense ratably over the implied service period. The PBRSUs will vest no later than March 15 of the following year. We may make changes to our assessment of probability and therefore, adjust share based compensation expense accordingly throughout the vesting period. 
   In addition, we estimate forfeitures based on historical stock option and restricted stock unit activity on a grant by grant basis. We consider many factors in our estimated forfeiture rate including, but not limited to, historical actual forfeitures by type of employee and one-time unusual events. We may make changes to that estimate throughout the vesting period based on actual activity.  
 11 

If actual forfeitures occur prior to the vest date and the pre-vest fo  rfeiture amount exceeds the estimated forfeiture rate, we reverse the cumulative share based compensation expense for the unvested grants. In accordance with U.S. GAAP, we ensure that the share based compensation expense is equivalent to actual vestings pr  ior to, or at, the actual vesting date on a grant by grant basis.  
 Contingent Liabilities 
 The Company may become involved in other litigation as a result of our normal business operations. We periodically analyze currently available information and make a determination of the probability of loss and provide a range of possible loss when we believe that sufficient and appropriate information is available. We accrue a liability for those contingencies where the incurrence of a loss is probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated. If a loss is probable and a range of amounts can be reasonably estimated but no amount within the range is a better estimate than any other amount in the range, then the minimum of the range is accrued. We do not accrue a liability when the likelihood that the liability has been incurred is believed to be probable but the amount cannot be reasonably estimated or when the likelihood that a liability has been incurred is believed to be only reasonably possible or remote. For contingencies where an unfavorable outcome is reasonably possible and the impact could potentially be material, we disclose the nature of the contingency and, where feasible, an estimate of the possible loss or range of loss. 
 Inventory 
 Inventory consists of finished goods and raw materials for our Voyce products. We source specific raw materials for our products from multiple vendors and outsource hardware manufacturing. Inventory is valued at the lower of cost or net realizable value using the first-in, first-out method. In valuing inventory, we make certain judgments and estimates regarding the level of inventory reserves, which are based on analyzing actual and forecasted usage, forecasted sales prices, and surplus and obsolete inventory. Future events that could significantly influence our judgment and related estimates regarding the value of the inventory include general economic conditions, procurement of raw materials, manufacturing price fluctuations, market acceptance of our new products and design changes, as well as actions of our competitors. We will continue to review, and may revise, estimates used to calculate our inventory reserves. We believe future recoverability of the inventory asset will be dependent upon sales of our Voyce products. An increase to our inventory reserve will adversely impact our results of operations. 

3.   
 
 Accounting Standards Updates    

 Accounting Standards Updates Recently Adopted 
 In February 2015, an update was made to   Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis.   The amendments in this update change the analysis that a reporting entity must perform to determine whether it should consolidate certain types of legal entities. Affected entities include limited partnerships and similar legal entities, as well as reporting entities that are involved with variable interest entities. This guidance is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2015. We adopted the provisions of this update as of January 1, 2016 and there was no material impact to our condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 In April 2015, an update was made to   Interest Imputation of Interest.   To simplify presentation of debt issuance costs, the amendments in this update require that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent with debt discounts. The recognition and measurement guidance for debt issuance costs are not affected by the amendments in this update. In August 2015, an update was issued to add guidance for debt issuance costs related to line-of-credit arrangements. The update allows an entity to defer and present debt issuance costs as an asset and subsequently amortize the deferred costs ratably over the term of the line-of-credit arrangement, regardless of whether there are any outstanding borrowings. This guidance in both updates is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2015, and should be applied retrospectively. We adopted the provisions of this update as of January 1, 2016 and did not have retrospective adjustments, as debt issuance costs were related to an undrawn line of credit. Prospectively, we recorded the debt issuance costs incurred from the execution of the Credit Agreement as a direct reduction to the carrying value of the debt liability. For additional information, please see Note 16. 
 In September 2015, an update was made to   Business Combinations.   The amendments in this update require that adjustments to provisional amounts that are identified during the measurement period should be recognized in the reporting period in which the adjustment amounts are determined. The amendments require that the acquirer record, in the same period s financial statements, the effect on earnings of changes in depreciation, amortization, or other income effects, if any, as a result of the change to the provisional amounts, calculated as if the accounting had been completed at the acquisition date. Further, the amendments require the entity to disclose the portions of the amount recorded in current-period earnings by line item what would have been recorded in previous reporting periods if the adjustment to the provisional amounts had been recognized as of the acquisition date. The amendments in this update are effective for annual periods, and the interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2015, and should be applied prospectively. We adopted the provisions of this update as of January 1, 2016 and there was no material impact to our condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 12 

In March 2016, an update was made to    Derivatives and Hedging: Contingent Put and Call Options in Debt Instruments.    The amendments in this update clarify the requirements for assessing whe  ther contingent call (put) options that can accelerate the payment of principal on debt instruments are clearly and closely related to their debt hosts. The amendments in this update are effective for annual periods, and the interim periods within those ye  ars, beginning after December 15, 2016, and should be applied on a modified retrospective basis. Early adoption is permitted. We adopted the provisions of this update as of January 1, 2016 and there was no material impact to our condensed consolidated fina  ncial statements.  
 Accounting Standards Updates Not Yet Effective 
 In May 2014, an update was made to   Revenue Recognition .  The guidance in this update supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in Topic 605, Revenue Recognition, by creating a new Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers. The guidance in this update affects any entity that either enters into contracts with customers to transfer goods or services or enters into contracts for the trade of nonfinancial assets unless those contracts are within the scope of other standards. The core principle of the guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. Additionally, various updates have been issued during 2015 and 2016 to clarify the guidance in Topic 606. The amendments in all of these updates will be effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within that reporting period. Early adoption is permitted, but not before the original effective date. The amendments can be applied either retrospectively to each prior reporting period presented or retrospectively with the cumulative effect of initially applying these updates recognized at the date of initial application. We will adopt the provisions of these updates as of January 1, 2018 and we are currently evaluating the impact, if any, to our condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 In August 2014, an update was made to   Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern .  The amendments require management to assess an entity s ability to continue as a going concern by incorporating and expanding upon certain principles that are currently in U.S. auditing standards. Specifically, the amendments (1) provide a definition of the term substantial doubt, (2) require an evaluation every reporting period including interim periods, (3) provide principles for considering the mitigating effect of management s plans, (4) require certain disclosures when substantial doubt is alleviated as a result of consideration of management s plans, (5) require an express statement and other disclosures when substantial doubt is not alleviated, and (6) require an assessment for a period of one year after the date that the financial statements are issued (or available to be issued). The amendments in this update are effective for annual periods ending after December 15, 2016, and for annual and interim periods thereafter. We will adopt the provisions of this update as of December 31, 2016 and do not anticipate a material impact to our condensed consolidated financial statements.  
 In January 2016, an update was made to   Financial Instruments Overall.   The amendments in this update provide guidance related to accounting for equity investments, financial liabilities under the fair value option, and the presentation and disclosure requirements for financial instruments. In addition, the amendments clarify guidance related to the valuation allowance assessment when recognizing deferred tax assets resulting from unrealized losses on available-for-sale debt securities. The amendments in this update are effective for the annual periods, and the interim periods within those years, ending after December 15, 2017. We will adopt the provisions of this update as of January 1, 2018 and we are currently evaluating the impact, if any, to our condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 In February 2016, an update was made to   Leases.   The primary amendments in this update require the recognition of lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet, as well as certain qualitative disclosures regarding leasing arrangements. The amendments in this update are effective for the annual periods, and the interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2018, and should be applied on a modified retrospective basis. Early adoption is permitted. We are currently in the process of evaluating the impact of adoption, if any, to our condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 In March 2016, an update was made to   Derivatives and Hedging: Effect of Derivative Contract Novations on Existing Hedge Accounting Relationships.   The amendments in this update clarify that a change in the counterparty to a derivative instrument that has been designated as the hedging instrument under ASC 815 does not, in and of itself, require dedesignation of that hedging relationship. The amendments in this update are effective for the annual periods, and the interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2016, and may be applied on either a prospective or modified retrospective basis. We will adopt the provisions of this update as of January 1, 2017 and do not anticipate a material impact to our condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 In March 2016, an update was made to   Compensation Stock Compensation.   The amendments in this update simplify  several aspects of the accounting for employee share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities,  and  classification on the statement of cash flows . The amendments in this update are effective for the annual periods, and the interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2016, and early adoption is permitted. We will adopt the provisions of this update as of December 31, 2016 and do not anticipate a material impact to our condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 13 

In August 2016, an update was made to    Statement of Cash Flows.    The amendments in this update clarify the guidance regarding the classification of operating, investing, and financing activities for certain types of cash receipts and payments. Th  e amendments in this update are effective for the annual periods, and the interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2017, and should be applied using a retrospective transition method to each period presented. Early adoption is permi  tted. We are currently in the process of evaluating the impact of adoption, if any, to our condensed consolidated financial statements.  

4.   
 
 Business Acquisitions    

 Health at Work Wellness Actuaries LLC ( Habits at Work ) 
 On March 3, 2015, our wholly owned subsidiary, IISI, acquired the business from Habits at Work. Habits at Work designs wellness-driven health plans and engagement programs for employers, insurers and wellness groups. Our acquisition of the business from Habits at Work aligned with our growth strategy at that time to build our Insurance and Other Consumer Services segment through a combination of innovative insurance and non-insurance services for consumers, employers and the insurance industry. In connection with this acquisition, we issued 413 thousand shares of common stock to Habits at Work. The following table summarizes the consideration transferred to Habits at Work (in thousands): 

We are obligated under the asset purchase agreement to make aggregate earn-out payments to the members of Habits at Work during three one-year measurement periods from March 1, 2015 through February 28, 2018 (the  Measurement Periods ) of up to approximately $1.0 million per Measurement Period, based upon revenue generated by the business during such Measurement Period and subject to the terms and conditions specified in the asset purchase agreement. In accordance with U.S. GAAP, we record the earn-out payments as post-combination share based compensation expense based upon the grant date share price of our common stock of $3.75, which is recognized pro-rata over the requisite service period and included in general and administrative expenses in our Insurance and Other Consumer Services segment through August 2016, and in our Personal Information Services segment beginning September 2016. The earn-out is subject to performance and service vesting conditions and is payable in stock and a portion in cash, depending on the market price of the stock at vesting in accordance with the asset purchase agreement. We estimated the expense for both the equity and liability awards, and because vesting and other conditions may impact the number of common shares issued, the amount of future share based compensation expense may vary based upon those conditions. 
 In the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we issued approximately 230 thousand shares of our common stock and paid $64 thousand in cash related to the earn-out payment for the first Measurement Period. As of September 30, 2016, we expect the value of the earn-out payment for the second Measurement Period to be approximately $1.0 million, which includes an estimated cash payment of $392 thousand. In the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we recorded share based compensation expense in relation to this agreement of $313 thousand and $232 thousand, respectively. In the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we recorded share based compensation expense in relation to this agreement of $930 thousand and $561 thousand, respectively. As of September 30, 2016, we estimate the remaining unrecognized compensation expense for the second Measurement Period to be approximately $521 thousand. Due to the variability of the inputs for the performance and market conditions, we are unable to reasonably estimate the value of the earn-out payment, cash liability and unrecognized compensation expense for the third Measurement Period from March 1, 2017 through February 28, 2018. The variability of the inputs in the second and third Measurement Periods may have a material impact on the future operating results of our Corporate business unit. 
 In accordance with U.S. GAAP, we used the acquisition method of accounting, which requires that assets acquired, including intangible assets, be recognized at their fair value as of the acquisition date. The determination was made by management through various means, primarily by obtaining a third party valuation of identifiable intangible assets acquired.  
 The following table summarizes the final fair values of the assets acquired at the date of acquisition (in thousands): 

14 

The goodwill arising from the acquisition consists largely of an assembled workforce and economies of scale of the   combined operations. All of the goodwill was assigned to the Insurance and Other Consumer Services segment and is not expected to be deductible for income tax purposes. Acquisition-related costs in connection with the Habits at Work transaction for the nin  e months ended September 30, 2015 were $88 thousand and are included in general and administrative expenses in our condensed consolidated statements of operations. For additional information regarding goodwill, please see Note 11.  
 The financial impact of the acquisition of Habits at Work is not material to our condensed consolidated financial statements. Accordingly, pro forma results of operations and other disclosures have not been presented. 
 White Sky Inc. ( White Sky ) 
 In June 2015, we acquired all of the assets and certain liabilities of White Sky. White Sky innovates and develops easy-to-use consumer authentication and e-commerce solutions. Our acquisition of the business from White Sky provides opportunities to expand product integration as well as development, marketing and operational efficiencies in our Personal Information Services segment. 
 In connection with this acquisition, and subject to post-closing adjustments in accordance with the asset purchase agreement, we issued 353 thousand shares of common stock to White Sky and received back 210 thousand shares of our common stock as a liquidating distribution during the year ended December 31, 2015. Under the terms of the purchase agreement, White Sky was required to make liquidating distributions to its shareholders, including us, in accordance with the preferences set forth in White Sky s Eighth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the  distributions ). In the three months ended September 30, 2016, we received the final liquidating cash distributions, which were not significantly different from our estimated amounts made at the first reporting date. The following table summarizes the final purchase price transferred to White Sky (in thousands): 

In accordance with U.S. GAAP, we used the acquisition method of accounting, which requires that assets acquired, including intangible assets, be recognized at their fair value as of the acquisition date. The determination was made by management through various means, primarily by obtaining a third party valuation of identifiable intangible assets acquired. The following table summarizes the final fair values of the assets acquired at the date of acquisition (in thousands): 

15 

The goodwill arising from the acquisition consists largely of an assembled workforce and economies of scale of the combined operations. All of the goodwill was assigned to the Personal Information Services segment and is expected to be deductible for incom  e tax purposes.   Acquisition-related costs in connection with the White Sky transaction for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 were $159 thousand and are included in general and administrative expenses in our condensed consolidated statements of opera  tions.  
 Supplemental Pro Forma Information 
 White Sky s operating results from the date of acquisition through June 30, 2015 are insignificant and therefore, those results were excluded from our condensed consolidated statements of operations. Therefore, we began to include White Sky s results of operations in our financial results beginning in the three months ended September 30, 2015. The following unaudited pro forma results have been prepared as if the acquisition of White Sky occurred on January 1, 2014 (in thousands): 

White Sky s results of operations are included in our financial results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, and any pro forma adjustments are not material to our condensed consolidated financial statements. Accordingly, pro forma results of operations and other disclosures have not been presented for the three or nine months ended September 30, 2016. The pro forma amounts presented have been calculated after applying our accounting policies and adjusting the results to reflect additional amortization that would have been charged assuming the fair value adjustments to amortizable intangible assets had been applied, eliminating intercompany transactions and the associated income tax impacts. Supplemental pro forma earnings for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 were adjusted to exclude $284 thousand of acquisition-related costs incurred by both us and White Sky in the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The pro forma information does not necessarily reflect the actual results of operations had the acquisition been consummated as of January 1, 2014, nor is it indicative of future operating results. The pro forma information does not include any adjustments for potential revenue enhancements, cost synergies or other operating efficiencies. 

5.   
 
 Loss Per Common Share    

 Basic and diluted loss per common share is determined in accordance with the applicable provisions of U.S. GAAP. Basic loss per common share is computed using the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding for the period. Diluted loss per common share is equivalent to basic loss per common share, as U.S. GAAP provides that a loss cannot be diluted by potential common stock, which includes the potential exercise of stock options and vesting of our restricted stock and restricted stock units under our share based employee compensation plans. 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, options to purchase common stock and unvested restricted stock units estimated to be 5.1 million shares were excluded from the computation of diluted loss per common share as their effect would be anti-dilutive. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, options to purchase common stock and unvested restricted stock units estimated to be 3.9 million shares were excluded from the computation of diluted loss per common share as their effect would be anti-dilutive. These shares could dilute earnings per common share in the future. 
 A reconciliation of basic loss per common share to diluted loss per common share is as follows (in thousands, except per share data): 

6.   
 
 Fair Value Measurement    

   Our cash and any investment instruments are classified within Level 1 or Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy as they are valued using quoted market prices, broker or dealer quotations, or alternative pricing sources with reasonable levels of price transparency.  
 16 

The types of instruments valued are based on quoted market prices in active markets and are primarily U.S. government and agency securities and money market   securities. Such instruments are generally classified within Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy.  
 For financial instruments such as cash and cash equivalents, trade accounts receivables, inventory, leases payable, accounts payable and short-term debt, we consider the recorded value of the financial instruments to approximate the fair value based on the liquidity of these financial instruments. As of September 30, 2016, the carrying value of our long-term debt approximated its fair value due to the variable interest rate. We did not have any transfers in or out of Level 1 and Level 2 in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 or in the year ended December 31, 2015. We did not hold any significant instruments that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. On a non-recurring basis, we measured goodwill under Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy as of December 31, 2015. For additional information related to our valuation technique and inputs used in the fair value measurement, please see Note 11. 

7.   
 
 Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets    

 The components of our prepaid expenses and other current assets are as follows: 

In the three months ended September 30, 2016, we reclassified $2.6 million to inventory from prepaid expenses and other current assets. For additional information, please see Note 8. 

8.   
 
 Inventory    

 We had an inventory balance of $4.1 million as of September 30, 2016, which included $1.8 million of finished goods and $2.3 million of raw materials for our Pet Health Monitoring segment. We had an inventory balance of $2.3 million as of December 31, 2015, which included $1.9 million of finished goods and $358 thousand of raw materials for our Pet Health Monitoring segment. In the three months ended September 30, 2016, we elected not to retain our existing manufacturer for future production of finished goods for our Pet Health Monitoring segment. As a result, we applied our deposit, which was for the ongoing purchase of component parts by the manufacturer, to the payment due for new raw materials on hand and reclassified $2.6 million to inventory from prepaid expenses and other current assets. We do not expect any significant future cash payments between us and the manufacturer. 
 In the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, we recorded an $801 thousand adjustment for surplus and obsolete inventories, which is included in cost of hardware revenue in our condensed consolidated statements of operations. We did not record a charge for excess or obsolete inventory in the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

9.   
 
 Deferred Subscription Solicitation and Commission Costs    

 Total deferred subscription solicitation and commission costs included in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 were $4.1 million and $7.0 million, respectively. Amortization of deferred subscription solicitation and commission costs, which is included in either marketing or commission expense in our condensed consolidated statements of operations, for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $2.8 million and $4.4 million, respectively. Amortization of deferred subscription solicitation and commission costs for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $9.9 million and $13.1 million, respectively. Marketing costs expensed as incurred, which are included in marketing expenses in our condensed consolidated statements of operations as they did not meet the criteria for deferral, for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $990 thousand and $1.1 million, respectively. Marketing costs expensed as incurred for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $2.5 million and $4.0 million, respectively. 

10.   
 
 Internally Developed Capitalized Software    

   We record internally developed capitalized software as a component of software in property and equipment in our condensed consolidated balance sheets. We regularly review our capitalized software projects for impairment. We had no impairments of internally developed capitalized software in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. We record depreciation for  
 17 

internally developed capitalized software in depreciation expense in our condensed consolidated statements of o  perations. Activity in our internally developed capitalized software during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was as follows (in thousands):  

Depreciation expense related to capitalized software no longer in the application development stage, for the future periods is indicated below (in thousands): 

As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, software development-in-progress had a balance of $4.8 million and $584 thousand, respectively. Software development-in-progress includes costs associated with software projects that were still in the application development stage as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 and as such, were not being amortized. The significant increase in the balance is primarily due to capitalized costs of our new product, Privacy Now    with Watson, which was launched in October 2016, and therefore the assets will be placed in service in the three months ending December 31, 2016 and depreciated over their useful life. 

11.   
 
 Goodwill and Intangible Assets    

 Changes in the carrying amount of goodwill are as follows (in thousands): 

____________________  

(1)   
 
 As a result of a change in one of our business lines that comprise our operating segments, we were required under U.S. GAAP to allocate our beginning goodwill balance between the Personal Information Services and the Insurance and Other Consumer Services reporting units based on a relative fair value approach.    

 18 

During the three months ended September 30, 2016, we concluded that the change in one of our business lines (for additional information, please see Note 1) and the resulting adjustments to our forecasts represented a triggering event, and we completed an i  nterim impairment test of the goodwill at our Insurance and Other Consumer Services reporting unit. We determined that goodwill was not impaired and that the fair value was significantly in excess of carrying value. We did not identify any triggering event  s related to our goodwill at our Personal Information Service reporting unit and therefore were not required to test our goodwill for impairment. To the extent our Personal Information Services or Insurance and Other Consumer Services reporting units reali  ze unfavorable actual results compared to forecasted results, or decrease forecasted results compared to previous forecasts, or in the event the estimated fair value of those reporting units decrease (as a result, among other things, of changes in market c  apitalization, including further declines in our stock price), we may incur additional goodwill impairment charges in the future. Future impairment charges on our Personal Information Services reporting unit will be recognized in the operating results of o  ur Personal Information Services segment and our Insurance and Other Consumer Services segment, based on a pro-rata allocation of goodwill.   
 Our intangible assets consisted of the following (in thousands): 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and year ended December 31, 2015, there were no adverse changes in our long-lived assets, which would cause a need for an impairment analysis. 
 Intangible assets are amortized over a period of two to ten years. For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we had an aggregate amortization expense of $99 thousand and $206 thousand, respectively, which was included in amortization expense in our condensed consolidated statements of operations. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we had an aggregate amortization expense of $484 thousand and $481 thousand, respectively. We estimate that we will have the following amortization expense for the future periods indicated below (in thousands): 

19 

12.   
 
      Accrued Expenses and Other Current Liabilities     

 The components of our accrued expenses and other current liabilities are as follows: 

We are subject to certain non-income (or indirect) business taxes in various state and other jurisdictions. In the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we decreased our estimated liability for non-income business taxes by approximately $1.1 million, primarily from the successful appeal and resolution of a non-income tax audit. We continue to correspond with the applicable authorities in an effort toward resolution of our open audits in the remainder of the year ending December 31, 2016. We continue to analyze what other obligations, if any, we have to other state taxing authorities. We believe it is reasonably possible that other states may approach us or that the scope of the taxable base in any state may increase; however, it is not possible to predict the potential amount of future payments due to the unique facts and circumstances involved. In addition, during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we paid $63 thousand related to the consent order we entered into with the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (the  CFPB ) in July 2015. For additional information related to the non-income business taxes and the consent order, please see Note 14. 

13.   
 
 Accrued Payroll and Employee Benefits    

 The components of our accrued payroll and employee benefits are as follows: 

In 2014, our Board of Directors approved, and we initiated a plan intended to streamline operations and reduce the cost structure primarily in our Corporate business unit and Personal Information Services segment (the  Restructuring Plan ). The Restructuring Plan consisted primarily of a workforce reduction, including changes in key leadership positions, and was substantially completed in December 2015. We made these changes in order to better align our costs with the current operating environment and improve the progress of our product line growth initiatives. 
 The following table summarizes the non-restructuring and restructuring activity during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (in thousands): 

We expect to pay the majority of the remaining severance liability in the remainder of the year ending December 31, 2016. 
 20 

14.   
 
      Commitments and Contingencies     

 Leases 
 We have entered into long-term operating lease agreements for office space and capital leases for fixed assets. The minimum fixed commitments related to all non-cancellable leases are as follows: 

We did not enter into any capital lease agreements during the three months ended September 30, 2016. During the three months ended September 30, 2015, we entered into additional capital lease agreements for approximately $286 thousand. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we entered into additional capital lease agreements for approximately $101 thousand and $713 thousand, respectively. We recorded the lease liability at the fair market value of the underlying assets in our condensed consolidated balance sheets. Rental expenses included in general and administrative expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $818 thousand and $630 thousand, respectively. Rental expenses included in general and administrative expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $2.2 million and $1.9 million, respectively. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 In July 2012, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau ( CFPB ) served a Civil Investigative Demand on Intersections Inc. with respect to its billing practices for identity protection and credit monitoring products sold and enrolled through depositary customers. An action was filed on July 1, 2015 in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia, Alexandria Division, and a Stipulated Final Judgment and Order (the  Order ) concurrently entered, entitled Consumer Financial Protection Bureau v. Intersections Inc. Without admitting or denying the allegations in the complaint, we agreed to implement a satisfactory compliance plan to comply with the Order and to provide a progress update. We paid a civil monetary penalty of $1.2 million in 2015, and in the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we paid $63 thousand to 661 customers who had not previously received refunds for periods where the full benefit of the service was not delivered. We also submitted an amended compliance plan to the CFPB and are awaiting a letter of non-objection. 
 In January 2013, the Office of the West Virginia Attorney General ( WVAG ) served Intersections Insurance Services Inc. ( IISI ) with a complaint that the WVAG had filed in the Circuit Court of Mason County, West Virginia on October 2, 2012. The complaint alleges violations of West Virginia consumer protection laws based on the marketing of unspecified products. IISI filed a motion to require the WVAG to amend its complaint to include a more specific statement of its claims.  The court denied that motion in December 2013. IISI filed an answer to the complaint on January 21, 2014. On July 13, 2016, the court entered a scheduling order governing the management of the case through the beginning of trial.  Pursuant to that order, the deadline for parties to amend the pleadings and add parties was set for September 30, 2016.  On September 21, 2016, the WVAG moved to amend the complaint, seeking to add Intersections Inc. as a defendant.  The proposed amended complaint alleges the same violations of West Virginia consumer protection laws as alleged against IISI.  IISI will have an opportunity to oppose the motion to amend. 
   In July 2015, Costco Wholesale Corporation elected not to renew an agreement for Intersections to provide an identity protection service to its customers. On January 20, 2016, Intersections filed a Notice of Arbitration with respect to claims by Intersections against Costco arising from certain actions of Costco related to the marketing of its new identity protection service to our subscriber base of current Costco members, which Intersections alleged violated the agreement and applicable law. Intersections sought damages in excess of $2.0 million, and injunctive relief. On February 16, 2016, Costco filed a counterclaim, seeking injunctive relief and related, unspecified damages, with respect to the allegedly inappropriate use by Intersections of a URL containing elements of both parties  intellectual property. On October 6, 2016, Intersections and Costco entered into a settlement agreement, pursuant to which the parties agreed to terminate the arbitration and release each other from all claims asserted thereby, in consideration of  
 21 

Costco s one-time, lump sum payment to Intersections of $1.5 million, and C  ostco s agreement to certain terms and conditions with respect to the advertising and marketing of its new identity protection service to the aforementioned subscriber base  .  
 As of September 30, 2016, we do not have any significant liabilities accrued for any of the legal proceedings mentioned above. We believe based on information currently available that the amount, if any, accrued for the above contingencies is adequate. However, legal proceedings are inherently unpredictable and, although we believe that accruals are adequate and we intend to vigorously defend ourselves against such matters, unfavorable resolution could occur, which could have a material effect in our condensed consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole. 
 Other 
 We analyzed our facts and circumstances related to potential indirect tax obligations in state and other jurisdictions, including the delivery nature of our services, the relationship through which our services are offered, and changing laws and interpretations of those laws, and determined it was probable that we have obligations in some jurisdictions. The following table summarizes the non-income business tax liability activity during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (in thousands): 

We formally appealed the liability for several jurisdictions based on the applicability of the specific state tax laws to our services, and we continue to accrue the estimable amount that we believe is probable under U.S. GAAP. In the three months ended September 30, 2016, we reduced our liability by $1.1 million, primarily from the successful appeal and resolution of a non-income tax audit. We continue to correspond with the applicable authorities in an effort toward resolution of our open audits in the remainder of the year ending December 31, 2016 using a variety of settlement options including, but not limited to, voluntary disclosures, negotiation and standard appeals process, and we may adjust the liability at such time. Additionally, we continue to analyze what other obligations, if any, we have to other state taxing authorities. We believe it is reasonably possible that other states may approach us or that the scope of the taxable base in any state may increase. However, it is not possible to predict the potential amount of future payments due to the unique facts and circumstances involved.  
 In the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we entered into contracts, pursuant to which we agreed to minimum, non-refundable installment payments totaling approximately $10.0 million, payable in monthly and yearly installments through December 31, 2021. These amounts are expensed on a pro-rata basis and are recorded in cost of services revenue and general and administrative expenses in our condensed consolidated statements of operations. For additional information on other minimum, non-refundable contracts, please see Note 18  in our most recent Annual Report on  Form 10-K. 
 The variability of the inputs for the earn-out provisions in the business we acquired from Habits at Work may have a material impact on the future operating results of our Insurance and Other Consumer Services segment. For additional information, please see Note 4. 
 Orders we place for the production of our Voyce hardware product may result in unconditional purchase obligations and may require us to make some payment at the time the order is placed. Unconditional purchase obligations exclude agreements that are cancelable by us without penalty. In the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we did not record a liability for any unconditional purchase obligations. 

15.   
 
 Other Long-Term Liabilities    

 The components of our other long-term liabilities are as follows: 

22 

16.   
 
      Debt and Other Financing     

 On March 21, 2016, we and our subsidiaries entered into the Credit Agreement with Crystal Financial SPV LLC. In connection with the Credit Agreement, we and our subsidiaries also entered into a security agreement, a pledge and security agreement, an intellectual property security agreement and other related documents. The Credit Agreement provides for a $20.0 million term loan, which was fully funded at closing, with a maturity date of March 21, 2019, unless the facility is otherwise terminated pursuant to the terms of the Credit Agreement. 
 Amounts borrowed under the Credit Agreement bear interest, payable monthly, at the greater of LIBOR plus 10% per annum or 10.5% per annum. Beginning June 30, 2016, the aggregate principal amount outstanding must be repaid in quarterly installments of $1.3 million. Additionally, beginning December 31, 2016, we are required to make a prepayment equal to 50% of our excess cash flows (as defined in the Credit Agreement) at each fiscal year end. Based on our operations to date and cash flow forecasts, we do not expect to make an excess cash flow payment for the year ending December 31, 2016. Certain events also require prepayments including, but not limited to, proceeds received from certain tax refunds, asset dispositions, extraordinary receipts and equity issuances, except for proceeds from the sale of up to 20% of the equity of our subsidiary, i4c, which may be reinvested in the business of i4c. Prepayments on the term loan, excluding required quarterly minimum payments, excess cash flow and certain tax refunds, are subject to a maximum early termination fee of 5% of the principal amount repaid in the first year, 3% in the second year, and no fees thereafter. Once amounts borrowed have been paid or prepaid, they may not be reborrowed. Minimum required maturities are as follows (in thousands): 

As of September 30, 2016, $17.1 million was outstanding under the Credit Agreement, which is presented net of unamortized debt issuance costs of $1.3 million in our condensed consolidated balance sheets in accordance with U.S. GAAP. As of September 30, 2016, $8.0 million, net, is classified as short-term, which includes the minimum maturities as well as our estimated required prepayments, as described above. 
 The Credit Agreement contains certain customary covenants, including among other things covenants that limit or restrict the following: the incurrence of liens; the making of investments including a prohibition of any capital contributions to our subsidiary i4c other than from $15.0 million of the proceeds of the term loan made on the closing date and fair and reasonable allocation of overhead and administrative expenses; the incurrence of certain indebtedness; mergers, dissolutions, liquidations, or consolidations; acquisitions (other than certain permitted acquisitions); sales of substantially all of our or any of our subsidiaries  assets; the declaration of certain dividends or distributions; transactions with affiliates (other than parties to the Credit Agreement) other than on fair and reasonable terms; and the formation or acquisition of any direct or indirect domestic or first-tier foreign subsidiary unless such subsidiary becomes a guarantor and enters into certain security documents. 
 The Credit Agreement requires us to maintain at all times a minimum cash on hand amount, as defined in the Credit Agreement, of at least 40% of the total amount outstanding under the term loan. The Credit Agreement also requires us to maintain on a quarterly basis a maximum churn (defined as (i) the sum of subscribers who have discontinued the provision of services provided under certain of our customer s agreements as of the end of any fiscal month divided by (ii) the aggregate total number of all active subscribers under that certain customer agreement as of the first day of such fiscal month, expressed as a percentage) of 1.875%. Further, if our rights to provide services to subscribers under our agreements with Bank of America cease as a result of Bank of America transferring the provision of such services or using a different service provider and such cessation results in greater than a 20% decline in our consolidated revenue, a covenant violation exists under the Credit Agreement. We are also required to maintain compliance on a quarterly basis with specified minimum Consolidated EBITDA (as defined in the Credit Agreement and adjusted for certain non-cash, non-recurring and other items) and specified Core Business Consolidated EBITDA (as defined in the agreement as including us and all of our subsidiaries except for i4c). As of September 30, 2016, we were in compliance with all such covenants. 
 The Credit Agreement replaces our loan agreement with Silicon Valley Bank, dated October 7, 2014, which was scheduled to mature on October 7, 2016. The loan agreement, which provided for a revolving credit facility of $5.0 million, was terminated effective March 21, 2016. There were no amounts outstanding at that time. 
 23 

Our consolidated effective tax rate for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was 1.6% and 35.5%, respectively. Our consolidated effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was 0.7% and (56.3)%, respectively. The change is primarily due to the change in the valuation allowance. 
 We continued to evaluate all significant available positive and negative evidence including, but not limited to, our three-year cumulative loss, as adjusted for permanent items; insufficient sources of taxable income in prior carryback periods in order to utilize all of the existing definite-lived net deferred tax assets; unavailability of prudent and feasible tax-planning strategies; negative adjustments to our projected taxable income; and scheduling of the future reversals of existing temporary differences. As a result, we were not able to recognize a net tax benefit associated with our pre-tax loss in the three or nine months ended September 30, 2016, as there has been no change to the conclusion from the year ended December 31, 2015 that it was more likely than not that we would not generate sufficient taxable income in the foreseeable future to realize our net deferred tax assets. 
 The amount of deferred tax assets considered realizable as of September 30, 2016 could be adjusted if facts and circumstances in future reporting periods change, including, but not limited to, generating sufficient future taxable income in the carryforward periods. If certain substantial changes in the entity s ownership were to occur, there would be an annual limitation on the amount of the carryforwards that can be utilized in the future. The remaining deferred tax liability as of September 30, 2016 relates to an indefinite-lived intangible. 
 There were no material changes to our uncertain tax positions during the three or nine months ended September 30, 2016 or 2015. 

18.   
 
 Stockholders  Equity    

 Share Based Compensation 
 We currently issue equity and equity-based awards under the 2014 Stock Incentive Plan (the  Plan ), and we have three inactive stock incentive plans: the 1999 Stock Option Plan, the 2004 Stock Option Plan and the 2006 Stock Incentive Plan. As of September 30, 2016, we have 1.8 million shares of common stock available for future grants of awards under the Plan, and awards for approximately 4.5 million shares are outstanding under all of our active and inactive plans. In April 2016, our Board of Directors approved an amendment to the 2014 Plan to increase the number of shares authorized and reserved for issuance thereunder by 2.5 million shares, from 3.0 million shares to 5.5 million shares. The amendment was effective immediately upon our stockholders  approval in May 2016. Individual awards under these plans may take the form of incentive stock options, nonqualified stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock awards and/or restricted stock units. 
 Stock Options 
 Total share based compensation expense recognized for stock options, which is included in general and administrative expenses in our condensed consolidated statements of operations, for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was $34 thousand. There was no share based compensation expense for stock options for the three months ended September 30, 2015. Total share based compensation expense recognized for stock options for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $46 thousand and $37 thousand, respectively. 
 The following table summarizes our stock option activity during the nine months ended September 30, 2016: 

The weighted average grant date fair value of options granted, based on the Black Scholes method, during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $0.94. There were no options granted during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 
 There were no options exercised during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 or 2015. 
 24 

As of September 30, 2016, there was $310 thousand of total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested stock option arrangemen  ts granted under the Plan. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 2.3 years.  
  Restricted Stock Units and Restricted Stock Awards 
 Total share based compensation expense recognized for restricted stock units and restricted stock awards (together,  RSUs ), which is included in general and administrative expense in our condensed consolidated statements of operations, for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $2.0 million and $1.2 million, respectively. Total share based compensation expense recognized for RSUs for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $3.9 million and $3.8 million, respectively. 
 The following table summarizes the activity of our RSUs during the nine months ended September 30, 2016: 

____________________  

(1)   
 
 Includes the maximum number of shares that may ultimately vest from the performance-based restricted stock units ( PBRSUs ) grant in May 2016.    

(2)   
 
 Includes shares net-settled to cover statutory employee taxes related to the vesting of restricted stock awards, which increased treasury shares by 67 thousand in the nine months ended September 30, 2016.    

 In May 2016, we granted PBRSUs to certain members of senior management. The PBRSUs represent a contingent right to receive a number of shares of common stock ranging from zero to a maximum of 200% of the original award, based upon the Adjusted EBITDA (as defined in the grant agreement) actually achieved for the year ending December 31, 2016. The estimated aggregate grant date fair value of the PBRSUs was $5.4 million, which is the maximum under the award. We record shared based compensation expense based on the probable outcome of the performance condition. 
 As of September 30, 2016, there was $7.0 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested RSUs granted under the plans. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 1.4 years. 
 Other 
 In addition to the unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested RSUs, we determined the majority of the earn-out provisions in the business we acquired in March 2015 from Habits at Work to be share based compensation expense. In the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we recorded share based compensation expense of $313 thousand and $232 thousand, respectively, which is included in general and administrative expenses in our condensed consolidated financial statements. In the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we recorded share based compensation expense of $930 thousand and $561 thousand, respectively. We estimate the unrecognized compensation cost for the second Measurement Period to be approximately $521 thousand. However, due to the variability of the inputs for the performance and market conditions, we are unable to reasonably estimate the unrecognized compensation cost for the third Measurement Period from March 1, 2017 through February 28, 2018. The variability of the inputs in the second and third Measurement Periods may have a material impact on the operating results of our Corporate business unit. For additional information, please see Note 4. 
  We did not have any dividend activity in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we did not directly repurchase any shares of common stock for cash. As a result of shares withheld for tax purposes on the vesting of a restricted stock award, we increased our treasury shares by 67 thousand in the nine months ended September 30, 2016. Under our Credit Agreement, we are currently prohibited from declaring and paying ordinary cash or stock dividends or repurchasing any shares of common stock. 

19  .   
 
 Related Party Transactions    

   Digital Matrix Systems, Inc .   The chief executive officer and president of Digital Matrix Systems, Inc. ( DMS ) serves as one of our board members. We have service agreements with DMS for monitoring credit on a daily and quarterly basis, along with other   
 25 

credit analysis service  s and application development. In connection with these agreements, we paid monthly installments totaling $216 thousand in each of the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. In the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we paid $772 thousa  nd and $721 thousand, respectively. These amounts are included within cost of services revenue and general and administrative expenses in our condensed consolidated statements of operations. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, we owed $142 thou  sand to DMS under this agreement.  
 Additionally, on September 26, 2016, we entered into a data services agreement with DMS, under which DMS will provide us credit information processing services, including implementation and disaster recovery services. The initial term of the agreement is one year, with successive automatic renewal terms of one year each unless a party elects not to renew with prior written notice. In the first year, we will pay DMS fixed fees of $92 thousand on a monthly basis. 
 Loeb Partners Corporation    In connection with the closing of the Credit Agreement, we paid $553 thousand in advisory fees in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 to Loeb Partners Corporation. Loeb Partners Corporation is an affiliate of Loeb Holding Corporation. One of the members of our Board of Directors is the beneficial owner of a majority of the voting stock of Loeb Holding Corporation, and is the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Loeb Partners Corporation.  

20.   
 
 Segment and Geographic Information    

 Our products and services are grouped into four reportable segments: Personal Information Services, Insurance and Other Consumer Services, Pet Health Monitoring and Bail Bonds Industry Solutions. Corporate headquarter office transactions such as legal, human resources, finance and internal audit expenses that have not been attributed to a particular segment are reported in Corporate. 
 The following table sets forth segment information for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:  

______________________________ 

(1)   
 
   In the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we implemented an allocation policy to charge a portion of general and administrative expenses from our Corporate business unit into our other segments, which increased operating expenses primarily in our Personal Information Services segment. The charge is a reasonable estimate of the services provided by our     

 26 

Corporate business unit to support each segment s operations. For comparability, the results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 have been recast to reflect this alloc  ation. For additional information, please see Note 2.     

(2)   
 
 Beginning in September 2016, our Habits at Work business was reclassified from our Insurance and Other Consumer Services segment to our Personal Information Services segment due to a change in business strategy. We concluded that the impact to our condensed consolidated financial statements was not material, and therefore we have not recast our segment disclosures prior to September 2016.    

 In the nine months ended September 30, 2015, we incurred an impairment charge of $7.4 million related to our acquisition of White Sky in our Corporate business unit. 
 The following table sets forth segment information as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

We generated revenue in the following geographic areas: 

Subsequent to September 30, 2016, we entered into a settlement agreement with Costco Wholesale Corporation ( Costco ) with respect to an arbitration in which we asserted claims arising from certain actions taken by Costco related to the marketing of its new identity protection service to our subscriber base of current Costco members, and counterclaims by Costco with respect to the allegedly inappropriate use by Intersections of a URL containing elements of both parties  intellectual property. The terms of the settlement include Costco s one-time lump-sum payment to us of $1.5 million, as well as Costco agreeing to certain terms and conditions with respect to its advertising and marketing of its new identity protection service to the aforementioned subscriber base. We will record the settlement as a reduction to operating expenses in our condensed consolidated financial statements for the three months ending December 31, 2016. 
   
 27 

Item 2.   
 
            Management s Discussion and Analysis of   Financial Condition and Results of Operations     

 The following discussion and analysis of our results of operations and financial condition should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2015, and as of December 31, 2014 and 2015, included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 (the  Form 10-K ), and with the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto presented in this Form 10-Q. 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 Statements in this discussion and analysis relating to future plans, results, performance, expectations, achievements and the like are considered  forward-looking statements  under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify forward-looking statements by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. These statements may include words such as  anticipate,   estimate,   expect,   project,''  plan,   intend,   believe,   may,   should,   can have,   likely  and other words and terms of similar meaning in connection with any discussion of the timing or nature of future operating or financial performance or other events. Those forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties and are subject to change based on various factors and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by those statements, including whether we are able to obtain financing for our Pet Health Monitoring segment prior to December 31, 2016, whether  on terms acceptable to us and our lender, or at all; any decisions made by us regarding strategic alternatives for our Pet Health Monitoring segment, including with respect to the proposal from Loeb Holding Corporation ( LHC  the timing and success of new product launches, including our IDENTITY GUARD   , VOYCE    and VOYCE PRO    platforms, and other growth initiatives; the continuing impact of the regulatory environment on our business; the continued dependence on a small number of financial institutions for a majority of our revenue and to service our U.S. financial institution customer base; our ability to execute our strategy and previously announced transformation plan; our incurring additional restructuring charges; our incurring impairment charges on goodwill and/or assets, including assets related to our VOYCE    business; our ability to control costs; and our needs for additional capital to grow our business, including our ability to maintain compliance with the covenants under our new term loan or seek additional sources of debt and/or equity financing. Factors and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ include but are not limited to the risks disclosed under  Forward-Looking Statements,   Item 1. Business Government Regulation  and  Item 1A. Risk Factors  in the Company s most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and herein and in its recent other filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements unless required by applicable law. 
 Overview 
 Our business uses data to help consumers reduce risk through subscription services. We operate in four reportable segments: Personal Information Services; Insurance and Other Consumer Services; Pet Health Monitoring; and Bail Bonds Industry Solutions. Corporate headquarter office transactions including, but not limited to, legal, human resources, finance and internal audit expenses that have not been attributed to a particular segment are reported in our Corporate business unit. 
 Our Personal Information Services segment offers services to help consumers understand, monitor, manage and protect against the risks associated with the inappropriate exposure of their personal information, resulting in fraudulent use or reputation damage.  This segment includes our IDENTITY GUARD    product, which is primarily offered directly to consumers and organizations as an embedded product for its employees or consumers. Our Insurance and Other Consumer Services segment includes our insurance and other membership products and services. Our Pet Health Monitoring segment includes the pet health monitoring platform and information management service provided by our subsidiary, i4c Innovations Inc. ( i4c ), which does business as Voyce. Our Bail Bonds Industry Solutions segment includes software management solutions for the bail bonds industry provided by Captira Analytical. 
 Recent Developments 
   Because our Pet Health monitoring segment has not generated revenue sufficient to support its operating expenses, we expect that our i4c subsidiary will need financing no later than December 31, 2016. We are considering various financing options and strategic alternatives, all of which will require the consent of our lender, including waivers of certain covenants and/or an amendment of the Credit Agreement, in order to avoid the possibility of an event of default. On October 27, 2016, we received a non-binding proposal from LHC, our largest stockholder, to (a) immediately make a $2 million bridge loan directly available to our i4c subsidiary, and (b) subsequently acquire our i4c subsidiary on or before January 15, 2017. LHC s proposal is set forth in an amendment to its Schedule 13D filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 28, 2016. A Special Committee consisting of three independent members of our Board of Directors is overseeing the process of evaluating and negotiating this transaction. No definitive agreement has been reached with LHC or any other party, and there can be no assurance that any definitive offer will be made or accepted, that any agreement will be executed or that any transaction will be completed. For additional information, please refer to the  
 28 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  section of  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and   Results of Operations.   
 We significantly increased our liquidity in March 2016 by entering into a credit agreement ( Credit Agreement ) with Crystal Financial SPV LLC that provides for a $20.0 million term loan, which was fully funded at closing. We allocated $15.0 million of the net proceeds to our Pet Health Monitoring segment, which will be used to meet the liquidity demands of our new VOYCE PRO    product expansion. We are using the remaining net proceeds for general corporate purposes for our other business segments. The Credit Agreement requires that any future capital needs of our Pet Health Monitoring segment be funded from cash provided by its operations or a limited direct third party equity investment in that business. This structure is intended to provide our Pet Health Monitoring segment with the flexibility it needs to meet the demands associated with the rollout of its products and services while also providing our Personal Information Services and other segments with the flexibility they need to execute their plans independent of our Pet Health Monitoring segment s capital needs. Please refer to the  Liquidity and Capital Resources  section of  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  for further information. 
 Personal Information Services 
 Our Personal Information Services segment helps consumers understand, monitor, manage and protect against the risks associated with the inappropriate and sometimes criminal exposure of their personal information. Our current services include: providing credit reports, performing credit monitoring and providing educational credit scores and credit education; reports, monitoring and education about other personal information and risks, such as public records, identity validation, new account opening and Internet data risks; identity theft recovery services; identity theft cost reimbursement insurance; and software and other technology tools and services. Our resolution team applies its expertise to assist consumers with the remediation of confirmed identity theft events by providing pertinent documentation, communicating directly with creditors and placing fraud alerts on their behalf. We also offer breach response services to large and small organizations responding to compromises of sensitive personal information and other customer and employee data. We help these organizations notify the affected individuals and we provide the affected individuals with identity theft recovery and credit monitoring services. We continue to develop innovative new services to add to our IDENTITY GUARD    portfolio and address the increasing awareness by consumers of the risks associated with their personal information. 
 Our growth strategy in this segment includes expanding our product offerings to include new personal information and identity theft protection capabilities, leveraging our IDENTITY GUARD    brand and consumer direct marketing in the U.S. and Canada, and growing our partner marketing and distribution relationships in the U.S. and Canada. We believe the threat to consumers  personal information goes beyond traditional credit monitoring. The proliferation of data breaches, the pervasive use of social media and the increased sophistication of cyber criminals requires a solution for consumers  needs in the identity protection space. To effectively identify, manage and remediate these new threats to consumers, we launched Privacy Now    with Watson in October 2016. Privacy Now    with Watson is an identity theft monitoring and privacy advisory solution that can be personalized to each individual s specific needs and is designed to protect the entire family. Privacy Now    with Watson maximizes the power of IBM Watson cognitive computing to offer consumers the traditional credit monitoring services as well as non-credit related preventative alert services, using previously unmonitored unstructured data sources and processes and safer web browsing tools. Privacy Now    with Watson also equips users to reduce their risk of identity theft by educating individuals on existing risks to their personal information and recommending personalized remediation actions. We believe it is the first product of its kind that uses natural language processing and machine learning to reveal insights from large amounts of unstructured data, delivered through the IBM Watson technology platform. This platform is more scalable and adaptable than our legacy platform, which we believe will enable us to develop innovative new products and features for consumers and organizations more readily than in the past. We plan to focus on making Privacy Now    with Watson our leading offering to consumers in the U.S. and Canada. 
 We derive the substantial majority of our revenue from historical agreements with U.S. financial institutions, which constituted approximately 59% and 61% of our Personal Information Services segment revenue in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Revenue from Bank of America, our largest financial institution client that ceased marketing of our services in 2011, constituted approximately 48% and 47% of our Personal Information Services segment revenue in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. We continue to provide our services to the subscribers we acquired through Bank of America before December 31, 2011, subject to normal attrition and other ongoing adjustments by us or Bank of America, which may result in cancellation of certain subscribers or groups of subscribers. 
 In the year ended December 31, 2015 and the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we successfully expanded our business with several new partner relationships including retail, communication and other industrial partners, to which we are offering our IDENTITY GUARD    portfolio of services. As a result of these new partnerships as well as the launch of Privacy Now    with Watson, we expect to increase both subscribers and revenue in 2017. 
 29 

Insurance and Other Consumer Services  
 Our Insurance and Other Consumer Services segment includes insurance and membership products for consumers, delivered on a subscription basis. We are not planning to develop new business in this segment and are experiencing normal subscriber attrition due to ceased marketing and retention efforts. Some of our legacy subscriber portfolios have been cancelled, and our continued servicing of other subscribers may be cancelled as a result of actions taken by one or more financial institutions. 
 Pet Health Monitoring 
 Our Pet Health Monitoring segment provides health and wellness monitoring products and services for veterinarians and pet owners through our subsidiary, i4c, which does business as Voyce. VOYCE    is our pet health monitoring platform and information management service that collects, translates, monitors and distributes biometric data from our proprietary Health Monitors to veterinarians and consumers. The data we provide includes key animal vital signs like resting respiratory and heart rates, rest and quality of rest, activity and the intensity of that activity, distance traveled and caloric burn. This data enables pet owners and their veterinarian health advisors to monitor their pets remotely, thus replacing subjective observation-based reports from the pet owner with objective biometric data. VOYCE    is not simply an activity tracker, like some other products in the market; rather, it is a sophisticated animal wellness monitoring device that uses unique technology to give enhanced feedback to pet owners and animal health professionals alike in a manner we believe never previously available. The interactive platform also offers several features including, but not limited to, highly relevant content written by top pet and veterinary experts, the ability to store medical records, set reminders and create and track goals for the pets. 
 Based on feedback from consumer marketing efforts in 2015 and encouraging interest expressed by the veterinarian community, we began focusing our development and marketing efforts on the veterinarian community and de-emphasized our consumer offering. We introduced VOYCE PRO    to the veterinary community in late 2015. VOYCE PRO    offers a program to remotely monitor dog patients and provide veterinarians with objective data to help identify and manage health conditions, monitor the efficacy of medications and treatment protocols and improve the communication between veterinarians and pet owners for improved compliance and care. We continue to contract with many veterinarian hospitals and offer training and onboarding programs to effectively deploy the service. In addition to contracts with independent veterinary practices throughout the U.S, our contracts have been expanded to include several leading national veterinary hospital owners and leading teaching hospitals in the U.S. 
 In the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we expanded our internal business development and client relationship divisions to ensure wider coverage across the U.S. in order to educate veterinarians on the substantial benefits of the VOYCE    products for pet owners. As a result of our concentrated efforts, we anticipate this segment s revenue, and associated cost of revenue, to increase slightly in the remainder of the year ending December 31, 2016 and into 2017. 
 Bail Bonds Industry Solutions 
 Our Bail Bonds Industry Solutions segment includes the automated service solutions for the bail bonds industry provided by Captira Analytical. This segment s proprietary solutions provide easy and efficient ways for bail bondsmen, general agents and sureties to organize and share data and make better decisions. Leveraging its existing software platform, we are continuing to expand into similarly challenged and underserved related industries. This segment s operating results do not significantly impact our consolidated financial results. 
 Cost Restructuring 
 In 2014, our Board of Directors approved, and we initiated a plan intended to streamline operations and reduce the cost structure primarily in our Corporate business unit and Personal Information Services segment (the  Restructuring Plan ). The Restructuring Plan consisted primarily of a workforce reduction, including changes in key leadership positions, and was substantially completed in December 2015. We made these changes in order to better align our costs with the current operating environment and improve the progress of our product line growth initiatives. These measures represent more than $15.0 million of annualized cost savings. 
 In addition, as we continued to review our cost base in 2015 to achieve the original targeted cost reductions, we incurred additional severance expense in accordance with our ongoing benefit arrangement throughout our reporting segments. The severance actions decreased cash provided by operations in the year ended December 31, 2015 and are expected to decrease cash provided by operations in the remainder of the year ending December 31, 2016. Beginning in the first quarter of 2016, these actions began to achieve up to an additional $4.0 million of annualized cost savings through reductions to cost of services revenue and general and administrative expenses in our condensed consolidated statements of operations. However, costs in our Pet Health Monitoring segment have and are expected to continue to increase, especially as we continue our marketing efforts through veterinarians, and costs may increase in our Personal Information Services segment to support growth initiatives. For additional information, please see Note 13 to our condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 30 

Critical Accounting Policies  
 Management Estimates 
 In preparing our condensed consolidated financial statements, we make estimates and assumptions that can have a significant impact on our consolidated financial position and results of operations. The application of our critical accounting policies requires an evaluation of a number of complex criteria and significant accounting judgments by us. In applying those policies, our management uses its judgment to determine the appropriate assumptions to be used in the determination of certain estimates. Actual results may differ significantly from these estimates under different assumptions, judgments or conditions. We have identified the following policies as critical to our business operations and the understanding of our condensed consolidated results of operations. For further information on our critical and other accounting policies, please see Note 2 to our condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 We recognize revenue on 1) identity theft protection services, 2) insurance services, 3) other monthly membership products and transaction services and 4) the pet wellness products and services. 
 Our products and services are offered to consumers principally on a monthly subscription basis. Subscription fees billed by our clients are generally billed directly to the subscriber s credit card, mortgage bill or demand deposit accounts. Subscription fees billed by us are generally billed directly to the subscriber s credit card except for arrangements under which subscription fees are paid to us by our clients on behalf of the subscriber. The prices to subscribers of various configurations of our products and services range generally from $4.99 to $25.00 per month. As a means of allowing customers to become familiar with our services, our subscriptions typically are offered with trial, delayed billing or guaranteed refund periods. No revenues are recognized until applicable trial periods are completed. 
 Identity Theft Protection Services 
 We recognize revenue from our services when: a) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists as we maintain signed contracts with all of our clients and paper and electronic confirmations with individual purchasers, b) delivery has occurred, c) the seller s price to the buyer is fixed as sales are generally based on contract or list prices and payments from organizations are collected within 30 days with no significant write-offs, and d) collectability is reasonably assured as individual customers pay by credit card which has limited our risk of non-collection. Revenue for monthly subscriptions is recognized in the month the subscription fee is earned. We also generate revenue through a collaborative arrangement, which involves joint marketing and servicing activities. We recognize our share of revenues and expenses from this arrangement. 
 Revenue for annual subscription fees must be deferred if the subscriber has the right to cancel the service and the service is earned over the year. Annual subscriptions include subscribers with full refund provisions at any time during the subscription period and pro-rata refund provisions. Revenue related to annual subscriptions with full refund provisions is recognized on the expiration of these refund provisions. Revenue related to annual subscribers with pro-rata provisions is recognized based on a pro-rata share of revenue earned. An allowance for discretionary subscription refunds is established based on our historical experience. For subscriptions with refund provisions whereby only the prorated subscription fee is refunded upon cancellation by the subscriber, deferred subscription fees are recorded when billed and amortized as subscription fee revenue on a straight-line basis over the subscription period, generally one year. 
 We record revenue on a gross basis in the amount that we bill the subscriber when our arrangements provide for us to serve as the primary obligor in the transaction, we have latitude in establishing price and we bear the credit risk for the amount billed to the subscriber. We also provide services for which certain clients are the primary obligors directly to their customers. We record revenue in the amount that we bill certain clients, and not the amount billed to their customers, when our client is the primary obligor, establishes the price to the customer and bears the credit risk. 
 Revenue from these arrangements is recognized on a monthly basis when earned, which is at the time we provide the service. In some instances, we recognize revenue for the delivery of operational services including fulfillment events, information technology development hours or customer service minutes, rather than per customer fees. 
 Insurance Services 
   We recognize revenue from our services when: a) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists as we maintain paper and electronic confirmations with individual purchasers, b) delivery has occurred, c) the seller s price to the buyer is fixed as the price of the product is agreed to by the customer as a condition of the sales transaction which established the sales arrangement, and d) collectability is reasonably assured as evidenced by our collection of revenue through the monthly mortgage payments of our customers or through checking account debits to our customers  accounts. Revenues from insurance contracts are recognized when  
 31 

earned. Our insur  ance products generally involve a trial period during which time the product is made available at no cost to the customer. No revenues are recognized until applicable trial periods are completed.  
 For insurance products, we record revenue on a net basis as we perform as an agent or broker for the insurance products without assuming the risks of ownership of the insurance products. 
 We participate in agency relationships with insurance carriers that underwrite insurance products offered by us. Accordingly, insurance premiums collected from customers and remitted to insurance carriers are excluded from our revenues and operating expenses. Insurance premiums collected but not remitted to insurance carriers as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 totaled $401 thousand and $444 thousand, respectively, and are included in accrued expenses and other current liabilities in our condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 Other Membership Products and Transaction Services 
 For other membership products, we record revenue on a gross basis as we serve as the primary obligor in the transactions, have latitude in establishing price and bear credit risk for the amount billed to the subscriber. 
 Consulting services, primarily from our Insurance and Other Consumer Services segment, are offered to customers primarily on a fixed fee, retainer or commission basis. We recognize revenue from our consulting services when: a) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists as we maintain contracts or electronic communication documenting the agreement, b) performance has occurred, c) the seller s price to the buyer is fixed as the price of the services is agreed to by the customer as a condition of the sales transaction which established the sales arrangement, and d) collectability is reasonably assured as evidenced through a strong history of payment by our customers with no significant write-offs. We record revenue on a gross basis in the amount that we bill the customer when our arrangements provide for us to serve as the primary obligor in the transaction, we have latitude in establishing price and we bear credit risk for the amount billed to the customer. We record the net amount as commissions earned if we do not serve as the primary obligor and do not have latitude in establishing prices. 
 We generate and recognize revenue from our services in our Bail Bonds Industry Solutions segment from providing management service solutions to the bail bond industry on a monthly subscription or transactional basis.  
 Pet Wellness Products and Services 
 We recognize revenue in our Pet Health Monitoring segment from the sale of the hardware, the VOYCE  and VOYCE PRO    subscription monitoring services and the fixed portion of shipping and handling receipts. We recognize revenue when: a) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists as we maintain signed contracts with all of our clients and electronic confirmations with individual purchasers, b) delivery of the hardware and performance of the service has occurred, c) the seller s price to the buyer is fixed, stated refund privileges, if any, have lapsed and the price of the product is agreed to by the purchaser as a condition of the sales transaction and d) collectability is reasonably assured as evidenced through a history of payment by our clients with no significant write-offs and individual customers pay by credit card, which has limited our risk of non-collection. We recognize revenue on a gross basis in the amount that we bill the subscriber when our arrangements provide for us to serve as the primary obligor in the transaction, we have latitude in establishing price and we bear the credit risk for the amount billed to the subscriber. Service revenue for prepaid subscriptions is recognized ratably over the applicable service period. As VOYCE  and VOYCE PRO    are new products and sufficient history on the frequency of returns is unavailable to estimate a returns allowance, revenue is deferred until stated refund privileges, if any, lapse. Due to the deferral period, we currently do not have an allowance for discretionary product or subscription refunds. We will continue to monitor our actual returns in future periods in order to develop sufficient history on returns and cancellation privileges and may reevaluate the deferral periods. 
 In accordance with U.S. GAAP, cost of hardware revenue is also deferred over the respective revenue deferral periods, and the expense is recorded in the same period as the associated revenue. The deferred cost of hardware revenue is included in prepaid expenses and other current assets in our condensed consolidated balance sheets. Free trials with no future service agreement are recognized immediately as expense under cost of service and hardware revenue in our condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 We classify and recognize amounts billed to customers related to shipping and handling as hardware revenue and amounts incurred related to shipping and handling as cost of hardware revenue in our condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 Goodwill, Identifiable Intangibles and Other Long-Lived Assets 
   We record, as goodwill, the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the identifiable net assets acquired in purchase transactions. We review our goodwill for impairment annually, as of October 31, or more frequently if indicators of impairment exist. As required by U.S. GAAP, goodwill is reflected as an asset in our Personal Information Services and Insurance and Other Consumer  
 32 

Services segments  balance sheets, resulting from our acquisitions of White Sky Inc. and Ha  bits at Work in 2015 as well as our prior acquisition of IISI Insurance Services Inc. ( IISI ), formerly known as Intersections Insurance Services Inc., in 2006.  
 In evaluating whether indicators of impairment exist, an initial assessment of qualitative factors to determine whether it is necessary to perform the goodwill impairment test can be utilized (commonly referred to as the step zero approach). For reporting units in which the qualitative assessment concludes it is more likely than not that the fair value is more than its carrying value, the guidance eliminates the requirement to perform further goodwill impairment testing. For those reporting units where a significant change or event occurs, and where potential impairment indicators exist, we continue to utilize a two-step quantitative assessment to test goodwill for impairment. A significant amount of judgment is involved in determining if an indicator of impairment has occurred. Such indicators may include, among others (a) a significant decline in our expected future cash flows; (b) a sustained, significant decline in our stock price and market capitalization; (c) a significant adverse change in legal factors or in the business climate; (d) unanticipated competition; (e) the testing for recoverability of a significant asset group within a reporting unit; and (f) slower growth rates. Any adverse change in these factors could have a significant impact on the recoverability of these assets and could have a material impact in our condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 The goodwill impairment test involves a two-step process. The first step is a comparison of each reporting unit s fair value to its carrying value. We estimate fair value using the best information available, using a combined income approach (discounted cash flow) and market based approach. The income approach measures the value of the reporting units by the present values of its economic benefits. These benefits can include revenue and cost savings. The market based approach measures the value of an entity through an analysis of recent sales or offerings of comparable companies and using revenue and other multiples of comparable companies as a reasonable basis to estimate our implied multiples. Value indications are developed by discounting expected cash flows to their present value at a rate of return that incorporates the risk-free rate for use of funds, trends within the industry, and risks associated with particular investments of similar type and quality as of the valuation date. In addition, we consider the uncertainty of realizing the projected cash flows in the analysis. 
 The estimated fair values of our reporting units are dependent on several significant assumptions, including our earnings projections, and cost of capital (discount rate). The projections use management s best estimates of economic and market conditions over the projected period including business plans, growth rates in sales, costs, and estimates of future expected changes in operating margins and cash expenditures. Other significant estimates and assumptions include terminal value growth rates, estimates of future capital expenditures, changes in future working capital requirements and overhead cost allocation, based on each reporting unit s relative benefit received from the functions that reside in our Corporate business unit. We perform a detailed analysis of our Corporate overhead costs for purposes of establishing the overhead allocation baseline for the projection period. Overhead allocation methods include, but are not limited to, the percentage of the payroll within each reporting unit, allocation of existing support function costs based on estimated usage by the reporting units, and vendor specific costs incurred by Corporate that can be reasonably attributed to a particular reporting unit. These allocations are adjusted over the projected period in our discounted cash flow analysis based on the forecasted changing relative needs of the reporting units. Throughout the forecast period, the majority of Corporate s total overhead expenses are allocated to our Personal Information Services reporting unit. We believe this overhead allocation method fairly allocates costs to each reporting unit, and we will continue to review, and possibly refine, these allocation methods as our businesses grow and mature. There are inherent uncertainties related to these factors and management s judgment in applying each to the analysis of the recoverability of goodwill. 
 We estimate fair value giving consideration to both the income and market approaches. Consideration is given to the line of business and operating performance of the entities being valued relative to those of actual transactions, potentially subject to corresponding economic, environmental, and political factors considered to be reasonable investment alternatives. 
 If the estimated fair value of a reporting unit exceeds its carrying value, goodwill of the reporting unit is not impaired and the second step of the impairment test is not necessary. If the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds its estimated fair value, then the second step of the goodwill impairment test must be performed. The second step of the goodwill impairment test compares the implied fair value of the reporting unit s goodwill with its goodwill carrying value to measure the amount of impairment charge, if any. The implied fair value of goodwill is determined in the same manner as the amount of goodwill recognized in a business combination. In other words, the estimated fair value of the reporting unit is allocated to all of the assets and liabilities of that unit (including any unrecognized intangible assets) as if the reporting unit had been acquired in a business combination and the fair value of that reporting unit was the purchase price paid. If the carrying value of the reporting unit s goodwill exceeds the implied fair value of that goodwill, an impairment charge is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. 
 As of September 30, 2016, goodwill of $347 thousand resided in our Insurance and Other Consumer Services reporting unit and goodwill of $9.4 million resided in our Personal Information Services reporting unit after the reclassification of one of our business lines. For additional information, please see Note 11 to our condensed consolidated financial statements. There is no goodwill remaining in our other reporting units. 
 33 

We review long-lived assets, including finite-lived intangible assets, property and equipment and other long-term assets, for impairment whenever events or changes in   circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts of the assets may not be fully recoverable. Significant judgments in this area involve determining whether a triggering event has occurred and determining the future cash flows for assets involved. In condu  cting our analysis, we would compare the undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated from the long-lived assets to the related net book values. If the undiscounted cash flows exceed the net book value, the long-lived assets are considered not to be im  paired. If the net book value exceeds the undiscounted cash flows, an impairment charge is measured and recognized. An impairment charge is measured as the difference between the net book value and the fair value of the long-lived assets. Fair value is est  imated by discounting the future cash flows associated with these assets.  
 Intangible assets subject to amortization may include customer, marketing and technology related intangibles, as well as trademarks. Such intangible assets, excluding customer related intangibles, are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives, which are generally two to ten years. Customer related intangible assets are amortized on either a straight-line or accelerated basis, depending upon the pattern in which the economic benefits of the intangible asset are consumed or otherwise used up. 
 Income Taxes 
 We account for income taxes under the applicable provisions of U.S. GAAP, which requires an asset and liability approach to financial accounting and reporting for income taxes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. In evaluating our ability to recover our deferred tax assets, we consider all available positive and negative evidence, including projected future taxable income and future reversal of existing deferred tax assets and liabilities, sufficient sources of taxable income in available carryback periods, tax-planning strategies, and historical results of recent operations. The assumptions about future taxable income require significant judgment and are consistent with the plans and estimates we are using to manage the underlying businesses. In evaluating the objective evidence that historical results provide, we consider three trailing years of cumulative operating income (loss). Valuation allowances are provided, if, based upon the weight of the available evidence, it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Changes in tax laws and rates may affect recorded deferred tax assets and liabilities and our effective tax rate in the future. 
 Accounting for income taxes in interim periods provides that at the end of each interim period we are required to make our best estimate of the consolidated effective tax rate expected to be applicable for our full calendar year. The rate so determined shall be used in providing for income taxes on a consolidated current year-to-date basis. Further, the rate is reviewed, if necessary, as of the end of each successive interim period during the year to our best estimate of our annual effective tax rate. 
 In addition to the amount of tax resulting from applying the estimated annual effective tax rate to income from operations before income taxes, we may include certain items treated as discrete events to arrive at an estimated overall tax amount. 
 We believe that our tax positions comply with applicable tax law. As a matter of course, we may be audited by various taxing authorities and these audits may result in proposed assessments where the ultimate resolution may result in us owing additional taxes. U.S. GAAP addresses the determination of whether tax benefits claimed or expected to be claimed on a tax return should be recorded in the financial statements. We may recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position should be measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. U.S. GAAP provides guidance on how an enterprise should determine whether a tax position is effectively settled for the purpose of recognizing previously unrecognized tax benefits. 
 Our income tax expense and liability and/or receivable, deferred tax assets and liabilities, and liabilities for uncertain tax benefits reflect management s best assessment of estimated current and future taxes to be paid or received. Significant judgments and estimates are required in determining the consolidated income tax expense. 
 Debt Issuance Costs 
 Debt issuance costs are capitalized and amortized to interest expense using the effective interest method over the life of the related debt agreements. The effective interest rate applied to the amortization is reviewed periodically and may change if actual principal repayments of the term loan differ from estimates. In accordance with U.S. GAAP, short-term and long-term debt are presented net of the unamortized debt issuance costs in our condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 Classification of Debt 
   Pursuant to the Credit Agreement, we are required to make certain prepayments on our term loan with Crystal Financial SPV LLC in addition to scheduled quarterly repayments, including but not limited to proceeds received from certain tax refunds, asset  
 34 

dispositions, extraordinary receipts, excess cash flows (as defined in the Credit Agreement) and equity issuances, except for proceeds from the sale of up to 20% of the equity of our subsidiary, i4c, which   may be invested in the business of i4c. Scheduled quarterly repayments and estimated prepayments that we expect to remit in the next twelve months are classified as the current portion of long-term debt in our condensed consolidated financial statements,   net of unamortized debt issuance costs to be amortized in the next twelve months based on the current effective interest rate applied.  
 Share Based Compensation 
 We currently issue equity and equity-based awards under the 2014 Stock Incentive Plan (the  Plan ). Individual awards under the 2014 Stock Incentive Plan may take the form of incentive stock options, nonqualified stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock awards and/or restricted stock units. 
 The Compensation Committee administers the Plan, selects the individuals who will receive awards and establishes the terms and conditions of those awards. Restricted stock units in the Plan that have expired, terminated, or been canceled or forfeited are available for issuance or use in connection with future awards. 
 We use the Black-Scholes option-pricing model to value all options and the straight-line method to amortize this fair value as compensation cost over the requisite service period. The fair value of each option granted has been estimated as of the date of grant with the following weighted-average assumptions for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. During the nine months ended September 30, 2015, we did not grant stock options.   
 Expected Dividend Yield.  Under the Credit Agreement, we are currently prohibited from declaring and paying dividends and therefore, the dividend yield was zero.  
 Expected Volatility.  The expected volatility of options granted was estimated based upon our historical share price volatility based on the expected term of the underlying grants, or approximately 45%.  
 Risk-free Interest Rate.  The yield on actively traded non-inflation indexed U.S. Treasury notes was used to extrapolate an average risk-free interest rate based on the expected term of the underlying grants, or approximately 1.1%.  
 Expected Term.  The expected term of options granted was determined by considering employees  historical exercise patterns, or approximately 4.8 years. We will continue to review our estimate in the future and adjust it, if necessary, due to changes in our historical exercises.  
 In accordance with U.S. GAAP, we assess the probability that the performance conditions of our performance-based restricted stock units ( PBRSUs ) will be achieved and record share based compensation expense based on the probable outcome of that performance condition. Vesting of the PBRSUs is dependent upon continued employment and achievement of defined performance goals for the year, which is based upon Adjusted EBITDA as defined and determined by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. We recognize the share based compensation expense ratably over the implied service period. The PBRSUs will vest no later than March 15 of the following year. We may make changes to our assessment of probability and therefore, adjust share based compensation expense accordingly throughout the vesting period. 
 In addition, we estimate forfeitures based on historical stock option and restricted stock unit activity on a grant by grant basis. We consider many factors in our estimated forfeiture rate including, but not limited to, historical actual forfeitures by type of employee and one-time unusual events. We may make changes to that estimate throughout the vesting period based on actual activity. If actual forfeitures occur prior to the vest date and the pre-vest forfeiture amount exceeds the estimated forfeiture rate, we reverse the cumulative share based compensation expense for the unvested grants. In accordance with U.S. GAAP, we ensure that the share based compensation expense is equivalent to actual vestings prior to, or at, the actual vesting date on a grant by grant basis. 
 Contingent Liabilities 
 The Company may become involved in other litigation as a result of our normal business operations. We periodically analyze currently available information and make a determination of the probability of loss and provide a range of possible loss when we believe that sufficient and appropriate information is available. We accrue a liability for those contingencies where the incurrence of a loss is probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated. If a loss is probable and a range of amounts can be reasonably estimated but no amount within the range is a better estimate than any other amount in the range, then the minimum of the range is accrued. We do not accrue a liability when the likelihood that the liability has been incurred is believed to be probable but the amount cannot be reasonably estimated or when the likelihood that a liability has been incurred is believed to be only reasonably possible or remote. For contingencies where an unfavorable outcome is reasonably possible and the impact could potentially be material, we disclose the nature of the contingency and, where feasible, an estimate of the possible loss or range of loss. 
 35 

Accounting Standards Updates Recently Adopted and Accounting Standards Updates Not Yet Effective  
 For information about accounting standards updates recently adopted and accounting standards updates not yet effective, please see Note 3 to our condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 Results of Operations 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (all tables are in thousands, except percentages): 
 The condensed consolidated results of operations are as follows: 

______________________________ 

(1)   
 
 In the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we implemented an allocation policy to charge a portion of general and administrative expenses from our Corporate business unit into our other segments, which increased operating expenses primarily in our Personal Information Services segment. The charge is a reasonable estimate of the services provided by our Corporate business unit to support each segment s operations. For comparability, the results of operations for the three months ended September 30, 2015 have been recast to reflect this allocation. For additional information, please see Note 2 to our condensed consolidated financial statements.    

(2)   
 
 Beginning in September 2016, our Habits at Work business was reclassified from our Insurance and Other Consumer Services segment to our Personal Information Services segment due to a change in business strategy. We concluded that the impact to our condensed consolidated financial statements was not material, and therefore we have not recast our segment disclosures prior to September 2016.    

 36 

Personal Information Services Segment  
 Income from operations for our Personal Information Services segment decreased in the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease in income from operations is primarily due to decreased revenue from our U.S. financial institution clients, partially offset by decreased cost of services revenue, marketing and commission expenses.  

Services Revenue . The decrease in revenue is primarily due to a $3.7 million decline in revenue from our Bank of America and other financial institution clients, which is primarily the result of normal subscriber attrition within the portfolios we continue to service. Due to our ceased marketing and retention efforts, we expect revenue and related earnings from our financial institution client base to continue to decrease.  
 The decrease in revenue and subscribers in our consumer direct business line is primarily due to decreased marketing efforts in the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015. We expect this trend to continue for the remainder of 2016; however, we expect increased revenue and subscribers in 2017 in connection with the October 2016 launch of our innovative new identity theft protection product, Privacy Now    with Watson, as well as from our expanded suite of IDENTITY GUARD    services in relation to several new partner relationships, including retail, communication and other industrial partners. 
 In August 2016, our Canadian joint marketing agreement began transitioning to a new partner. The senior management of our new partner has extensive experience in the identity theft monitoring business and has relationships with both existing and prospective Canadian channel partners, which we expect will promote the growth of our Canadian market share. We expect this transition to be completed in early 2017. Although not expected, this transition may have an unfavorable impact to the existing Canadian subscriber base, which could negatively impact revenue. The following tables provide details of our Personal Information Services segment revenue and subscriber information for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 
 Personal Information Services Segment Revenue 

37 

Personal Information Services Segment Subscribers  

Marketing Expenses . Marketing expenses consist of subscriber acquisition costs, including affiliate marketing payments, search engine marketing, web-based marketing, print and direct mail expenses such as printing and postage. In the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, our marketing expenses resulted primarily from marketing activity for consumer direct and Canadian subscriber acquisitions, which decreased in the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015. Amortization of deferred subscription solicitation costs related to marketing of our products for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $2.6 million and $4.1 million, respectively. Marketing costs that do not meet the criteria for capitalization and are expensed as incurred were $583 thousand and $603 thousand for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. We expect marketing costs to increase in 2017 in relation to our launch of Privacy Now    with Watson.  
 As a percentage of revenue, marketing expenses decreased to 7.9% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from 10.4% for the three months ended September 30, 2015. 
 Commission Expenses . Commission expenses consist of commissions paid to clients. The decrease is related to a decrease in overall subscribers for which commissions are paid, which is largely from our financial institution subscriber base. We expect our commission expenses to continue to decline in future quarters primarily due to normal attrition of subscribers in client portfolios with no new marketing activity.  
 As a percentage of revenue, commission expenses decreased slightly to 24.3% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from 24.8% for the three months ended September 30, 2015. 
 Cost of Services Revenue . Cost of revenue consists of the costs of operating our customer service and information processing centers, data costs, and billing costs for subscribers and one-time transactional sales. The decrease is primarily due to lower volumes of data fulfillment and service costs for subscribers, partially offset by an increase in the effective rates for data. We continue to negotiate the pricing of the supply of credit bureau data with certain of the credit bureaus. If we are not successful, we could continue to realize increased expenses for higher effective data rates in the remainder of the year ending December 31, 2016 and into 2017.  
 As a percentage of revenue, cost of revenue decreased to 33.3% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from 34.3% for the three months ended September 30, 2015. 
 General and Administrative Expenses . General and administrative expenses consist of personnel and facilities expenses associated with our sales, marketing, information technology, program and account management functions, as well as certain fixed expenses related to customer service, account administration and fulfillment activities and certain legal and other corporate overhead costs. The increase is primarily due to an expense for pro-rata portion of bonuses for senior management, which are contingent upon the achievement of certain financial measures and approval by the Compensation Committee, to be paid in early 2017. The increase was partially offset by the resolution of a non-income tax audit. For additional information on our non-income tax liability, please see Note 14 to our condensed consolidated financial statements.  
 As a percentage of revenue, general and administrative expenses increased to 24.5% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from 21.3% for the three months ended September 30, 2015. 
 Depreciation . Depreciation consists primarily of depreciation of our fixed assets and capitalized software. We expect depreciation to increase over the next twelve months as we place into service the internally developed capitalized software related to the development of Privacy Now    with Watson.  
 As a percentage of revenue, depreciation increased slightly to 2.5% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from 2.2% for the three months ended September 30, 2015. 
 Amortization . Amortization consists primarily of the amortization of our intangible assets.  
 38 

Goodwill.   During the three months ended September 30, 2016, we did not identify any triggering events related to our goodwill and therefore were not   required to test our goodwill for impairment. To the extent our Personal Information Services reporting unit realizes unfavorable actual results compared to forecasted results, or decreases forecasted results compared to previous forecasts, or in the even  t the estimated fair value of the reporting unit decreases, we may incur additional impairment charges in the future. Future impairment charges in this reporting unit will be recognized in the operating results of our Personal Information Services segment   and our Insurance and Other Consumer Service segment, based on a pro-rata allocation.  
 Insurance and Other Consumer Services Segment 
 Income from operations for this segment for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to loss from operations for the three months ended September 30, 2015, is primarily due to decreased general and administrative and commission expenses, partially offset by decreased revenue. 

Services Revenue . The decrease in revenue continues to be due to the attrition in our existing subscriber base as well as portfolio cancellations, which consists of purchasers of both insurance and membership services that have recurring subscription benefits, and minimal new subscription sales due to substantially ceased marketing efforts by most of our clients for these products. We had approximately 57 thousand subscribers as of September 30, 2016, which is a 27.8% decrease from our subscriber base of 79 thousand subscribers as of September 30, 2015.  
 Marketing Expenses . Marketing expenses consist of subscriber acquisition costs, including partner marketing payments, print and direct mail expenses such as printing and postage.  
 As a percentage of revenue, marketing expenses were less than 1.0% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 
 Commission Expenses . Commission expenses consist of commissions paid to our clients and other partners. The decrease is related to a decrease in overall subscribers for which commissions are paid. We expect our commission expenses to continue to decline in future periods primarily due to normal attrition of subscribers in our existing portfolios with no new marketing activity.   
 As a percentage of revenue, commission expenses decreased to 32.8% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from 34.0% for the three months ended September 30, 2015. 
 Cost of Services Revenue . Cost of revenue consists of the costs of operating our customer service center and network costs for subscribers. The decrease is primarily due to decreased payroll-related costs from a reduction in headcount in our customer services function.  
 As a percentage of revenue, cost of revenue increased slightly to 8.3% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from 8.2% for the three months ended September 30, 2015. 
 General and Administrative Expenses . General and administrative expenses consist of personnel and facilities expenses associated with our sales, marketing, information technology and program and account management functions. The decrease is primarily due to decreased severance and severance-related benefits.  
 We determined the majority of the earn-out provisions in the business we acquired from Habits at Work in March 2015 to be share based compensation expense. In the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we recorded share based compensation expense in this segment of $208 thousand and $232 thousand, respectively, which is included in general and administrative expenses in our condensed consolidated financial statements.  
 As a percentage of revenue, general and administrative expenses decreased to 55.3% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from 73.5% for the three months ended September 30, 2015. 
 39 

Depreciation.   Depreciation expenses consist pr  imarily of depreciation of our fixed assets. Depreciation decreased for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015.   
 As a percentage of revenue, depreciation decreased to 1.5% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from 2.0% for the three months ended September 30, 2015. 
 Amortization . Amortization expenses consist primarily of the amortization of our intangible assets. Amortization expense decreased for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015.   
 As a percentage of revenue, amortization decreased to 1.4% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from 4.9% for the three months ended September 30, 2015. 
 Goodwill.  During the three months ended September 30, 2016, we concluded that the change in the management of one of our business lines and the resulting adjustments to our forecasts represented a triggering event, and we completed an interim impairment test of the goodwill. We determined that goodwill was not impaired and that the fair value was significantly in excess of carrying value. To the extent our Insurance and Other Consumer Services reporting unit realizes unfavorable actual results compared to forecasted results, or decreases forecasted results compared to previous forecasts, or in the event the estimated fair value of the reporting unit decreases, we may incur additional impairment charges in the future.  
 Pet Health Monitoring Segment 
 Loss from operations in our Pet Health Monitoring segment increased in the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015, primarily due to increased payroll-related costs. We continue to contract with many independent veterinary hospitals, national veterinary practices and teaching hospitals, and we have an exclusive arrangement with a leading value-added distributor serving the veterinary market to distribute VOYCE PRO   , our service provided through veterinarians. 

Services and Hardware Revenue . Revenue increased slightly in the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015. In the three months ended September 30, 2016, we continued to expand our business development and client relationship divisions to ensure wider coverage across the U.S. With our expanded business development and client relationship divisions, and through our continued partnership with our exclusive distribution partner, we expect revenue from the VOYCE PRO    offering to increase slightly in the remainder of the year ending December 31, 2016 as we onboard and train veterinary hospitals and increase sales. We defer revenue on the sale of the hardware and subscription service until return and stated refund rights, if any, have substantially lapsed, resulting in a deferred revenue balance of $34 thousand as of September 30, 2016.  
 Marketing Expenses . Marketing expenses consist of subscriber acquisition costs, including demonstrations, conferences, advertising and printed materials for our VOYCE PRO    offering, which do not meet the criteria for capitalization. We expect to continue to incur marketing expenses for our VOYCE PRO    service in the future.  
   Cost of Services and Hardware Revenue . Cost of revenue consists of product and manufacturing costs, taxes and other fees, content development and customer service costs associated with our hardware and subscription service. In the three months ended September 30, 2016, cost of hardware revenue increased primarily due to an $801 thousand adjustment for surplus and obsolete inventories. We defer the cost of hardware revenue and recognize the expense in the same period as the associated revenue, and our deferred cost of revenue balance was $9 thousand as of September 30, 2016. We expect cost of services and hardware revenues to increase in future periods as our sales increase, though we continue to improve both the cost and technological aspects of our products to improve the gross margin on sales. Failure to generate future revenue or profits within our projected timeframe, changing market   
 40 

demand, technological advances, or other factors may result in future impairment charges related to our Health Monitor inventory. F  uture additional impairment charges or other losses related to our inventory could be material.  
 General and Administrative Expenses . General and administrative expenses consist of personnel and facilities expenses associated with our executive, sales, information technology, program and account management functions. The increase is primarily due to increased payroll-related costs for our business development and client relationship divisions and increased professional fees.  
 Depreciation . Depreciation consists primarily of depreciation expense related to our fixed assets. Depreciation increased slightly in the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015.  
 Amortization . Amortization consists primarily of the amortization of our intangible assets.  
 Bail Bonds Industry Solutions Segment 
 Loss from operations in our Bail Bonds Industry Solutions Segment increased slightly for three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015.  

Services Revenue . The increase in revenue is the result of revenue from new clients as we leverage our existing software platform and expand our services to other related industries. We expect to expand our services and continue to acquire additional clients and, as a result, we expect revenue to continue to increase in the remainder of the year ending December 31, 2016.  
 Marketing Expenses.  Marketing expenses consist of advertising costs, web-based marketing and other marketing program expenses.   Marketing expenses decreased slightly for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015.   
 As a percentage of revenue, marketing expenses decreased to 1.2% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from 3.7% for the three months ended September 30, 2015. 
 Commission Expenses.  Commission expenses consist of commissions paid to our partners. Commission expense decreased slightly for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015.   
 As a percentage of revenue, commission expenses decreased slightly to 1.0% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from 1.4% for the three months ended September 30, 2015. 
 Cost of Services Revenue.  Cost of services revenue consists of monitoring and credit bureau expenses. Cost of services revenue increased for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015.   
 As a percentage of revenue, cost of revenue increased to 15.7% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from 10.6% for the three months ended September 30, 2015. 
 General and Administrative Expenses.  General and administrative expenses consist of personnel and facilities expenses associated with our sales, marketing, information technology, and account functions. General and administrative expenses increased in the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015.  
 As a percentage of revenue, general and administrative expenses decreased to 113.2% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from 116.6% for the three months ended September 30, 2015. 
 Depreciation . Depreciation consists primarily of depreciation of our fixed assets. Depreciation increased for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015.  
 As a percentage of revenue, depreciation increased to 5.8% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from 3.3% for the three months ended September 30, 2015. 
 41 

Corporate  
 In the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we implemented an allocation policy to charge a portion of general and administrative expenses from our Corporate business unit into our other segments. The charge is a reasonable estimate of the services provided by our Corporate business unit to support each segment s operations. For comparability, the results of operations for the three months ended September 30, 2015 have been recast to reflect this allocation. For additional information, please see Note 2 to our condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 In the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, our loss from operations of $3.8 million and $4.2 million, respectively, primarily consisted of general and administrative and depreciation expenses. General and administrative expenses primarily consisted of executive, legal, human resources, finance and internal audit expenses that have not been attributed to a particular reportable segment. General and administrative expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $3.8 million and $4.2 million, respectively. The decrease is primarily due to savings from our 2015 severance actions and decreased professional fees. Total share based compensation expense in our Corporate business unit for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $2.1 million and $1.2 million, respectively. The increase in share based compensation expense is primarily due to the May 2016 grant of performance based restricted stock units to certain members of senior management. For additional information, please see Note 18 to our condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (all tables are in thousands, except percentages): 
 The condensed consolidated results of operations are as follows: 

42 

______________________________  

(1)   
 
 In the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we implemented an allocation policy to charge a portion of general and administrative expenses from our Corporate business unit into our other segments, which increased operating expenses primarily in our Personal Information Services segment. The charge is a reasonable estimate of the services provided by our Corporate business unit to support each segment s operations. For comparability, the results of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 have been recast to reflect this allocation. For additional information, please see Note 2 to our condensed consolidated financial statements.    

(2)   
 
 Beginning in September 2016, our Habits at Work business was reclassified from our Insurance and Other Consumer Services segment to our Personal Information Services segment due to a change in business strategy. We concluded that the impact to our condensed consolidated financial statements was not material, and therefore we have not recast our segment disclosures prior to September 2016.    

 Personal Information Services Segment 
 Income from operations for our Personal Information Services segment decreased in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease in income from operations is primarily due to decreased revenue from our U.S. financial institution clients resulting from both ceased marketing and the prior cancellations of certain subscriber portfolios and, to a lesser extent, lower revenue from our Canadian business lines, partially offset by decreased cost of services revenue and commission expenses.  

Services Revenue . The decrease in revenue was partially due to a $9.3 million decline in revenue from our Bank of America subscriber portfolio, which is primarily the result of normal subscriber attrition. Revenue from other financial institution clients declined $6.0 million as a result of certain subscriber portfolio cancellations in the first half of 2015 and subscriber attrition within the portfolios we continue to service. Due to the cancellations in 2015 and subscriber attrition, we expect revenue and related earnings from our financial institution client base to continue to decrease. Revenue from our Canadian Business lines declined $5.0 million primarily as a result of financial institution subscriber portfolio cancellations in the first half of 2015.   
 The decrease in revenue in our consumer direct business line is primarily due to decreased marketing efforts in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. We expect this trend to continue for the remainder of 2016; however, we expect increased revenue and subscribers in 2017 in connection with the October 2016 launch of our innovative new identity theft protection product, Privacy Now    with Watson, as well as from our expanded suite of IDENTITY GUARD    services in relation to several new partner relationships, including retail, communication and other industrial partners. 
 We expect revenue declines in our Canadian business lines on a year-over-year basis due to the 2015 subscriber portfolio cancellations; however, we expect to maintain approximately the current level of subscribers for the remainder of 2016. In August 2016, our Canadian joint marketing agreement began transitioning to a new partner. We believe our new partner, who has previous experience in the identity theft monitoring business and has existing relationships with Canadian businesses, will be successful in growing our Canadian market share. We expect this transition to be completed in early 2017. Although not expected, it is possible that there could be an unfavorable impact to the existing Canadian subscriber base, which could negatively impact revenue. The following tables provide details of our Personal Information Services segment revenue and subscriber information for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 
 43 

Personal Information Services Segment Revenue  

Personal Information Services Segment Subscribers 

______________________________ 

(1)   
 
 We periodically refine the criteria used to calculate and report our subscriber data. In the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we reclassified certain subscribers that receive our breach response services, and the associated revenue, from the Financial Institution category to the Consumer Direct category.    

 Marketing Expenses . In the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, our marketing expenses resulted primarily from marketing activity for consumer direct and Canadian subscriber acquisitions, which decreased in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Amortization of deferred subscription solicitation costs related to marketing of our products for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $9.2 million and $12.3 million, respectively. Marketing costs that do not meet the criteria for capitalization and are expensed as incurred were $1.0 million and $1.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. We expect marketing costs to increase in 2017 in relation to our launch of Privacy Now    with Watson.  
 As a percentage of revenue, marketing expenses decreased to 8.2% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from 9.5% for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 
 Commission Expenses . The decrease is related to a decrease in overall subscribers for which commissions are paid, which is largely from our financial institution subscriber base. We expect our commission expenses to continue to decline in future quarters primarily due to normal attrition of subscribers in client portfolios with no new marketing activity.  
 As a percentage of revenue, commission expenses decreased slightly to 24.3% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from 24.9% for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 
 Cost of Services Revenue . The decrease is primarily due to lower volumes of data fulfillment and service costs for subscribers, partially offset by an increase in the effective rates for data. We continue to negotiate the pricing of the supply of credit bureau data with certain of the credit bureaus. If we are not successful, we could continue to realize increased expenses for higher effective data rates in the remainder of the year ending December 31, 2016 and into 2017.  
 As a percentage of revenue, cost of revenue decreased slightly to 32.6% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from 32.8% for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 
 General and Administrative Expenses . The decrease is primarily due to increased capitalization of software development costs related to Privacy Now    with Watson as well as the resolution of certain non-income tax audits, partially offset by an expense for pro-rata portion of bonuses for senior management, which are contingent upon the achievement of certain financial measures and approval by the Compensation Committee, to be paid in early 2017. For additional information on our non-income tax liability, please see Note 14 to our condensed consolidated financial statements.  
 44 

As a percentage of revenue, general and administrative expenses increased to 23.0% for the   nine months ended September   30, 2016   from 20.5% for the   nine months ended September   30, 2015.  
 Depreciation . The increase is primarily due to depreciation on new asset additions placed into service in the nine months ended September 30, 2016, partially offset by assets that were fully depreciated in prior periods. We expect depreciation to increase over the next twelve months as we place into service the internally developed capitalized software related to the development of Privacy Now    with Watson.  
 As a percentage of revenue, depreciation increased slightly to 2.6% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from 2.2% for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 
 Amortization . The increase is primarily due to amortization on new asset additions related to our acquisition of White Sky Inc. that were placed into service in the second half of 2015.  
 Goodwill.  During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we did not identify any triggering events related to our goodwill and therefore were not required to test our goodwill for impairment. To the extent our Personal Information Services reporting unit realizes unfavorable actual results compared to forecasted results, or decreases forecasted results compared to previous forecasts, or in the event the estimated fair value of the reporting unit decreases, we may incur additional impairment charges in the future. Future impairment charges in this reporting unit will be recognized in the operating results of our Personal Information Services segment and our Insurance and Other Consumer Service segment, based on a pro-rata allocation.  
 Insurance and Other Consumer Services Segment 
 Loss from operations for our Insurance and Other Consumer Services segment for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to income from operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, is primarily due to decreased revenue, partially offset by decreased commission expenses and cost of services revenue. 

Services Revenue . The decrease in revenue continues to be due to the attrition in our existing subscriber base as well as portfolio cancellations, which consists of purchasers of both insurance and membership services that have recurring subscription benefits, and minimal new subscription sales due to substantially ceased marketing efforts by most of our clients for these products. We had approximately 57 thousand subscribers as of September 30, 2016, which is a 27.8% decrease from our subscriber base of 79 thousand subscribers as of September 30, 2015.  
 Marketing Expenses . Marketing expenses decreased in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  
 As a percentage of revenue, marketing expenses were less than 1.0% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 
 Commission Expenses . The decrease is related to a decrease in overall subscribers for which commissions are paid. We expect our commission expenses to continue to decline in future periods primarily due to normal attrition of subscribers in our existing portfolios with no new marketing activity.   
 As a percentage of revenue, commission expenses increased to 32.5% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from 31.2% for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 
 Cost of Services Revenue . The decrease is primarily due to decreased payroll-related costs from a reduction in headcount in our customer services function. There were no severance and severance-related benefits in this segment in the nine months ended September 30, 2016. Severance and severance-related benefits allocated to our customer services function, and therefore included in cost of services revenue, in the nine months ended September 30, 2015 were $258 thousand.  
 45 

As a percentage of revenue, cost of rev  enue decreased to 6.4% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from 10.9% for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  
 General and Administrative Expenses . The slight decrease is primarily due to decreased severance and severance-related benefits.  
 We determined the majority of the earn-out provisions in the business we acquired from Habits at Work in March 2015 to be share based compensation expense. In the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we recorded share based compensation expense in this segment of $826 thousand and $561 thousand, respectively, which is included in general and administrative expenses in our condensed consolidated financial statements. Beginning in September 2016, share based compensation related to our Habits at Work business is included in the operating results of our Corporate business unit. For additional information, please see Note 1 to our condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 As a percentage of revenue, general and administrative expenses increased to 64.4% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from 50.9% for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 
 Depreciation.  Depreciation decreased for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015.   
 As a percentage of revenue, depreciation decreased slightly to 1.4% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from 1.7% for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 
 Amortization . Amortization expense decreased for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015.   
 As a percentage of revenue, amortization decreased slightly to 3.8% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from 3.9% for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 
 Goodwill.  During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we concluded that the change in the management of one of our business lines and the resulting adjustments to our forecasts represented a triggering event, and we completed an interim impairment test of the goodwill. We determined that goodwill was not impaired and that the fair value was significantly in excess of carrying value. To the extent our Insurance and Other Consumer Services reporting unit realizes unfavorable actual results compared to forecasted results, or decreases forecasted results compared to previous forecasts, or in the event the estimated fair value of the reporting unit decreases, we may incur additional impairment charges in the future.  
 Pet Health Monitoring Segment 
 Loss from operations in our Pet Health Monitoring segment increased in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015, primarily due to increased payroll-related costs, partially offset by decreased marketing expenses. We continue to contract with many independent veterinary hospitals, national veterinary practices and teaching hospitals, and we have an exclusive arrangement with a leading value-added distributor serving the veterinary market to distribute VOYCE PRO   , our service provided through veterinarians.  

Services and Hardware Revenue . Revenue increased slightly in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. In the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we continued to expand our business development and client relationship divisions to ensure wider coverage across the U.S. With our expanded business development and client relationship divisions, and through our continued partnership with our exclusive distribution partner, we expect revenue from   
 46 

the VOYCE PRO        offering to increase slightly in the remainder of the year ending December 31, 2016 as we onboard and train veterinary hospitals and increase sales. We defer revenue on the sale of the hardware and sub  scription service until return and stated refund rights, if any, have substantially lapsed, resulting in a deferred revenue balance of $34 thousand as of September 30, 2016.  
 Marketing Expenses . We incurred marketing and advertising costs in the nine months ended September 30, 2015, primarily associated with the launch of VOYCE       . Subsequently, we substantially reduced marketing of the consumer offering and launched VOYCE PRO   . We expect to continue to incur marketing expenses for our VOYCE PRO    service in the future.  
 Cost of Services and Hardware Revenue . The increase in cost of hardware revenue is primarily due to an $801 thousand adjustment for surplus and obsolete inventories. We defer the cost of hardware revenue and recognize the expense in the same period as the associated revenue, and our deferred cost of revenue balance was $9 thousand as of September 30, 2016. We expect cost of services and hardware revenues to increase in future periods as our sales increase, though we continue to improve both the cost and technological aspects of our products to improve the gross margin on sales. Failure to generate future revenue or profits within our projected timeframe, changing market demand, technological advances, or other factors may result in future impairment charges related to our Health Monitor inventory. Future additional impairment charges or other losses related to our inventory could be material.  
 General and Administrative Expenses . The increase is primarily due to increased payroll-related costs for our business development and client relationship divisions.   
 Depreciation . Depreciation increased in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as new assets were placed into service related to our product launch in March 2015.  
 Amortization . Amortization began in the three months ended June 30, 2015.  
 Bail Bonds Industry Solutions Segment 
 Loss from operations in our Bail Bonds Industry Solutions Segment decreased for nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease in loss from operations is primarily due to increased revenue. 

Services Revenue . The increase in revenue is the result of revenue from new clients as we leverage our existing software platform and expand our services to other related industries, as well as increased revenue from existing clients. We expect to expand our services and continue to acquire additional clients, and as a result, we expect revenue to continue to increase in the remainder of the year ending December 31, 2016.  
 Marketing Expenses.  Marketing expenses increased slightly for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015.   
 As a percentage of revenue, marketing expenses increased to 2.1% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from 1.3% for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 
 Commission Expenses.  Commission expense decreased slightly for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015.   
 As a percentage of revenue, commission expenses decreased to 0.6% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from 1.4% for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 
 Cost of Services Revenue.   Cost of services revenue increased for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015.   
 As a percentage of revenue, cost of revenue increased to 11.4% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from 10.1% for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 
 47 

General and Administrative Expenses.   General and administrative expenses decrease  d in the   nine months ended September   30, 2016 compared to the   nine months ended September   30, 2015, primarily due to decreased payroll-related costs.  
 As a percentage of revenue, general and administrative expenses decreased to 105.7% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from 115.5% for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 
 Depreciation . Depreciation increased slightly for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  
 As a percentage of revenue, depreciation decreased to 5.1% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from 4.7% for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 
 Corporate 
 In the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we implemented an allocation policy to charge a portion of general and administrative expenses from our Corporate business unit into our other segments. The charge is a reasonable estimate of the services provided by our Corporate business unit to support each segment s operations. For comparability, the results of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 have been recast to reflect this allocation. For additional information, please see Note 2 to our condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 In the nine months ended September 30, 2016, our loss from operations of $9.4 million primarily consisted of general and administrative and depreciation expenses. In the nine months ended September 30, 2015, our loss from operations of $19.0 million primarily consisted of general and administrative and depreciation expenses  and an impairment charge related to our acquisition of White Sky . General and administrative expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $9.4 million and $11.5 million, respectively. The decrease is primarily due to savings from our 2015 severance actions and decreased professional fees. Total share based compensation expense in our Corporate business unit for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $4.1 million and $3.9 million, respectively. 
 In accordance with U.S. GAAP, we were required to remeasure our long-term investment in White Sky to fair value immediately prior to the acquisition. We remeasured the fair value of White Sky using the stock and cash consideration paid to acquire substantially all the assets, less the estimated liquidating shareholder distributions to us, which resulted in an acquisition-date fair value of our investment of approximately $1.0 million. Since the carrying value of $8.4 million was in excess of the acquisition-date fair value, we recorded an impairment charge of $7.4 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense was $621 thousand for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $71 thousand for the three months ended September 30, 2015. Interest expense was $1.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $153 thousand for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase is primarily due to interest related to the Credit Agreement, which was funded in March 2016. As a result of the outstanding debt, we expect to continue to incur significant interest expense until maturity. For additional information, please see Note 16 to our condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 Other Expense, net 
 Other expense was $234 thousand for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $65 thousand for the three months ended September 30, 2015. Other expense was $414 thousand for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared $137 thousand for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase is primarily due to the reversal of an unrealized foreign currency exchange gain related to the resolution of a non-income tax audit. For additional information, please see Note 14 to our condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 Income Taxes 
 Our consolidated effective tax rate for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was 1.6% and 35.5%, respectively. Our consolidated effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was 0.7% and (56.3)%, respectively. The change is primarily due to the change in the valuation allowance. 
   We continued to evaluate all significant available positive and negative evidence including, but not limited to, our three-year cumulative loss, as adjusted for permanent items; insufficient sources of taxable income in prior carryback periods in order to utilize all of the existing definite-lived net deferred tax assets; unavailability of prudent and feasible tax-planning strategies; negative adjustments to our projected taxable income; and scheduling of the future reversals of existing temporary differences. As a result, we were not able to recognize a net tax benefit associated with our pre-tax loss in the three or nine months ended September 30, 2016, as  
 48 

there   has been no change to the conclusion from the year ended December 31, 2015 that it was more likely than not that we would not generate sufficient taxable income in the foreseeable future to realize our net deferred tax assets.  
 The amount of deferred tax assets considered realizable as of September 30, 2016 could be adjusted if facts and circumstances in future reporting periods change, including, but not limited to, generating sufficient future taxable income in the carryforward periods. If certain substantial changes in the entity s ownership were to occur, there would be an annual limitation on the amount of the carryforwards that can be utilized in the future. The remaining deferred tax liability as of September 30, 2016 relates to an indefinite-lived intangible. 
 There were no material changes to our uncertain tax positions during the three or nine months ended September 30, 2016 or 2015. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Cash Flow 
 Cash and cash equivalents were $13.8 million as of September 30, 2016 compared to $11.5 million as of December 31, 2015. Our cash and cash equivalents are highly liquid investments and may include short-term U.S. Treasury securities with original maturity dates of less than or equal to 90 days. 
 Our accounts receivable balance was $9.3 million as of September 30, 2016 compared to $8.2 million as of December 31, 2015. The likelihood of non-payment has historically been remote with respect to our consumer direct, financial institution and insurance services clients billed, however, we do provide for an allowance for doubtful accounts with respect to breach response services, health and wellness consulting and bail bonds clients. In addition, we provide for a refund allowance, which is included in liabilities in our condensed consolidated balance sheets, against transactions that may be refunded in subsequent months. This allowance is based on historical results. 
 We had a working capital surplus of $8.8 million as of September 30, 2016 compared to $14.6 million as of December 31, 2015. Working capital as of September 30, 2016 includes proceeds of $18.1 million, net of unamortized debt issuance costs, from the Credit Agreement completed in March 2016, described below. Our short-term and long-term liquidity depends primarily upon our level of net income, cash balances, working capital management, and the resolution of our Pet Health Monitoring segment liquidity needs as described below. 
 Pursuant to the Credit Agreement, we are required to maintain at all times minimum cash on hand, as defined in the Credit Agreement, of at least 40% of the total amount outstanding under the term loan. In addition, during the term of the Credit Agreement, additional capital needs of our Pet Health Monitoring segment must be funded from the cash it generates from operations or from new equity capital raised by our i4c subsidiary, subject to the limitations described below. Cash and cash equivalents in our i4c subsidiary were $5.0 million as of September 30, 2016. 
 We believe that the cash and cash equivalents on hand for all of our business segments in the aggregate excluding the Pet Health Monitoring segment, and anticipated cash provided by operations of those business segments, will be sufficient to fund our anticipated working capital requirements of those business segments, for the next twelve months. However, because our Pet Health Monitoring segment has not generated revenue sufficient to support its operating expenses, we expect that our i4c subsidiary will need financing no later than December 31, 2016. If we are unable to obtain financing for our i4c subsidiary before it runs out of cash or obtain a waiver of certain covenants in the Credit Agreement, we will not remain in compliance with all of the covenants, which could constitute an event of default under the Credit Agreement. If we do not obtain an amendment to, or waiver or forbearance under, the Credit Agreement, the lender is entitled to exercise any and all remedies available to it upon the occurrence of an event of default, including the option to accelerate the debt and possibly foreclose on substantially all of our assets, which serve as collateral for the obligations under the Credit Agreement. If this should occur, we may not be able to repay all of the outstanding debt or borrow sufficient funds to refinance it, and even if new financing is then available to us, it may not be on acceptable terms. 
   We are considering various financing options and strategic alternatives that may be available to us. We believe that substantially all such options, including a closure of the Pet Health Monitoring segment, would require the consent of our lender including waivers of certain covenants and/or an amendment of the Credit Agreement in order to avoid the possibility of an event of default. On October 27, 2016, we received a non-binding proposal from Loeb Holding Corporation ( LHC ), our largest stockholder, to (a) immediately make a $2 million bridge loan directly available to our i4c subsidiary, and (b) subsequently acquire our i4c subsidiary on or before January 15, 2017. LHC s proposal is set forth in an amendment to its Schedule 13D filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 28, 2016. A Special Committee consisting of three independent members of our Board of Directors is overseeing the process of evaluating and negotiating this transaction. No definitive agreement has been reached with LHC or any other party, and there can be no assurance that any definitive offer will be made or accepted, that any agreement will be executed or that any transaction will be completed. We are in discussions with our current lender regarding an amendment and/or waiver to our Credit  
 49 

Agreement, including their potential consent of the LHC transaction and to determine the applicable financial covenants subsequent   to the transaction closing. There can be no assurances that we will be able to successfully reach agreement with our lender, which could lead to an event of default. We have no commitments to obtain any additional funds from any other third parties, and t  here can be no assurances that any financing will be available on acceptable terms to execute an alternative to the LHC transaction or a closure of the Pet Health Monitoring segment. If additional funds are raised for this or any other purpose through the   issuance of either our equity or equity-like securities or of our i4c subsidiary, existing stockholders could suffer significant dilution, and if we raise additional funds through the issuance of debt securities or other borrowings, such securities or borr  owings could have rights senior to common stock and will likely contain covenants that restrict operations. If we raise additional funds, enter into the LHC transaction or an alternative proposal to divest our i4c subsidiary, or close the i4c subsidiary, w  e may incur transaction and other costs that could have a material negative impact on our cash and cash equivalents, and in combination with other non-cash charges could have a material negative impact on our results of operations  .  

The decrease in cash flows from operations is primarily due to the cancellations of certain subscriber portfolios by U.S. and Canadian financial institution clients in the nine months ended September 30, 2015, which led to decreased revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. Additionally, consolidated cash flows from operations continued to be impacted by the loss from operations generated in our Pet Health Monitoring segment, which increased in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Costs in our Pet Health Monitoring segment have and may continue to increase in the remainder of the year ending December 31, 2016, especially as we continue our sales and marketing efforts through veterinarians, and costs may increase in our Personal Information Services segment to support growth initiatives, which may decrease the segment s cash flows from operations.  
 Subsequent to September 30, 2016, we received $1.5 million in accordance with our settlement agreement with Costco, which was executed in October 2016. For additional information, please see Note 21 to our condensed consolidated financial statements. In addition, we paid $1.2 million to formally resolve a previously recorded non-income tax liability. We continue to correspond with the applicable authorities in an effort toward resolution of the potential indirect tax obligations in the remainder of the year ending December 31, 2016. For additional information, please see  Other  below. 
 The increase in cash flows used in investing activities is primarily due to an increase in acquisitions of property and equipment as well as new restricted cash balances for cash collateral related to corporate lines of commercial credit, partially offset by payments in the nine months ended September 30, 2015 for the acquisition of White Sky and Habits at Work. The cash collateral may increase if the collateral is less than our average obligations or if we request additional credit services. 
 The increase in cash flows provided by financing activities is due to proceeds of $20.0 million from the closing of the Credit Agreement, described below, partially offset by payments of debt issuance costs of $1.9 million and repayments of principal of $2.9 million. 
 Credit Facility and Borrowing Capacity 
 Credit Agreement 
 On March 21, 2016, we and our subsidiaries entered into the Credit Agreement with Crystal Financial SPV LLC ( Crystal ). In connection with the Credit Agreement, we and our subsidiaries also entered into a security agreement, a pledge and security agreement, an intellectual property security agreement and other related documents. The Credit Agreement provides for a $20.0 million term loan, which was fully funded at closing, with a maturity date of March 21, 2019 unless the facility is otherwise terminated pursuant to the terms of the Credit Agreement. We invested $15.0 million of the net proceeds at closing in our i4c subsidiary to be used to advance the market launch of our VOYCE PRO    product and for general corporate purposes. The remaining net proceeds will be used for general corporate purposes of our other businesses. During the term of the Credit Agreement, additional capital needs of i4c must be funded from the cash it generates from operations or new equity capital raised by i4c, subject to limitations described below. 
 50 

Amounts borrowed under the Credit Agreement bear interest at the greater of LIBOR plus 10% per annum or 10.5% per annum. Interest is payable monthly. The aggregate principal amount of the term loa  ns outstanding must be repaid quarterly starting June 30, 2016 and on the last day of each fiscal quarter thereafter in the quarterly amount of $1.3 million. Additionally, certain income tax refunds specified in the Credit Agreement must be used to repay p  rincipal the quarter in which we receive them and will be applied to the scheduled quarterly principal payment for that quarter. The Credit Agreement also requires the prepayment of the aggregate principal amount outstanding in an amount equal to 50% of ou  r excess cash flow (as defined in the Credit Agreement) for each fiscal year commencing with the fiscal year ending December 31, 2016 and continuing thereafter. Based on our operations to date and cash flow forecasts, we are not expecting to make an excess   cash flow payment for the year ending December 31, 2016. Certain other events defined in the Credit Agreement require prepayment of the aggregate principal amount of the term loan including all or a portion of proceeds received from asset dispositions, ca  sualty events, extraordinary receipts, and equity issuances, except for proceeds from the sale of up to 20% of the equity of our i4c subsidiary which may be reinvested in the business of i4c. In October 2016, we executed a waiver with Crystal, and therefor  e were not required to remit the $1.5 million in proceeds from our settlement with Costco as a mandatory prepayment under the provisions of the Credit Agreement. Prepayments on the term loan, excluding required quarterly minimum payments, excess cash flow   and certain tax refunds, are subject to a maximum early termination fee of 5% of the principal amount repaid in the first year, 3% in the second year, and no fees thereafter. Once amounts borrowed have been paid or prepaid, they may not be reborrowed.  
 The Credit Agreement contains certain customary covenants, including among other things covenants that limit or restrict the following: the incurrence of liens; the making of investments including a prohibition of any capital contributions to our subsidiary i4c other than from the $15.0 million of proceeds of the term loan made on the closing date and fair and reasonable allocation of overhead and administrative expenses; the incurrence of certain indebtedness; mergers, dissolutions, liquidations, or consolidations; acquisitions (other than certain permitted acquisitions); sales of substantially all of our or any of our subsidiaries  assets; the declaration of certain dividends or distributions; transactions with affiliates (other than parties to the Credit Agreement) other than on fair and reasonable terms; and the formation or acquisition of any direct or indirect domestic or first-tier foreign subsidiary unless such subsidiary becomes guarantor and enter into certain security documents. 
 The Credit Agreement requires us to maintain at all times a minimum cash on hand amount, as defined in the Credit Agreement, of at least 40% of the total amount outstanding under the term loan. The Credit Agreement also requires us to maintain on a quarterly basis a maximum churn (defined as (i) the sum of subscribers who have discontinued the provision of services provided under certain of our customer s agreements as of the end of any fiscal month divided by (ii) the aggregate total number of all active subscribers under that certain customer agreement as of the first day of such fiscal month, expressed as a percentage) of 1.875%. Further, if our rights to provide services to subscribers under our agreements with Bank of America cease as a result of Bank of America transferring the provision of such services or using a different service provider and such cessation results in greater than a 20% decline in our consolidated revenue, a covenant violation exists under the Credit Agreement. We are also required to maintain compliance on a quarterly basis with specified minimum Consolidated EBITDA (as defined in the Credit Agreement and adjusted for certain non-cash, non-recurring and other items) and specified Core Business Consolidated EBITDA (as defined in the Credit Agreement as including us and all of our subsidiaries except for i4c) as per the tables below. As of September 30, 2016, we were in compliance with all such covenants. 
 Minimum consolidated EBITDA: 

51 

Minimum Core Business consolidated EBITDA:  

The Credit Agreement also contains customary events of default, including among other things non-payment defaults, covenant defaults, inaccuracy of representations and warranties, bankruptcy and insolvency defaults, material judgment defaults, ERISA defaults, cross-defaults to other indebtedness, invalidity of loan documents defaults, change in control defaults, conduct of business defaults, and criminal and regulatory action defaults. 
 Failure to comply with any of the covenants under our Credit Agreement could result in a default under the facility, which could cause the lender to terminate its commitment and, to the extent we have outstanding borrowings, declare all obligations immediately due and payable and exercise their lien on substantially all of our assets. We cannot provide assurance that we will maintain compliance with such covenants for future periods, or, if necessary, be able to amend the financial or restrictive covenants contained therein or enter into new credit arrangements to maintain borrowing capacity in the future. We may take actions including, but not limited to, delaying or forgoing capital investments, reducing marketing or other expenditures compared to current plans, and/or renegotiating or seeking a waiver of the terms of the Credit Agreement as means of maintaining compliance with these covenants. Even if we do not have any outstanding borrowings under the Credit Agreement, our ability to meet our future capital requirements, execute on our current business plan and grow our business by investing in new products and services could be materially adversely affected if we are unable to borrow under our Credit Agreement. If i4c requires additional funding, the restrictions that the Credit Agreement imposes on investment in or financing of i4c may have a material adverse effect on its ability to execute its business plan or take advantage of other business opportunities until such time as the term loan is fully repaid. There can be no assurance that such financing will be available at all, or on favorable terms. 
 As of September 30, 2016, $17.1 million was outstanding under the Credit Agreement, which is presented net of unamortized debt issuance costs of $1.3 million in our condensed consolidated balance sheets in accordance with U.S. GAAP. As of September 30, 2016, $8.0 million, net, is classified as short-term, which includes the minimum maturities as well as our estimated required prepayments, as described above. 
 The Credit Agreement replaces our loan agreement with Silicon Valley Bank, dated October 7, 2014, which was scheduled to mature on October 7, 2016. The loan agreement, which provided for a revolving credit facility of $5.0 million, was terminated effective March 21, 2016. There were no amounts outstanding at that time. 
 Share Repurchase 
 In April 2005, our Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program under which we can repurchase our outstanding shares of common stock from time to time, depending on market conditions, share price and other factors. As of September 30, 2016, we had approximately $16.9 million remaining under our share repurchase program. The repurchases may be made on the open market, in block trades, through privately negotiated transactions or otherwise, and the program may be suspended or discontinued at any time. However, we are currently prohibited from repurchasing any shares of common stock under the Credit Agreement. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we did not directly repurchase any shares of common stock for cash. As a result of shares withheld for tax purposes on the vesting of a restricted stock award, we increased our treasury shares by 67 thousand in the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 
 Other 
 In April 2016, our Board of Directors approved an amendment to the 2014 Plan to increase the number of shares authorized and reserved for issuance thereunder by 2.5 million shares, from 3.0 million shares to 5.5 million shares. The amendment was effective immediately upon our stockholders  approval in May 2016. 
   We analyzed our facts and circumstances related to potential indirect tax obligations in state and other jurisdictions, including the delivery nature of our services, the relationship through which our services are offered, and changing laws and interpretations of  
 52 

those laws, and determined it was probable that we have obligations in some juri  sdictions. The following table summarizes the non-income business tax liability activity during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (in thousands):   

We formally appealed the liability for several jurisdictions based on the applicability of the specific state tax laws to our services, and we continue to accrue the estimable amount that we believe is probable under U.S. GAAP. In the three months ended September 30, 2016, we reduced our liability by $1.1 million, primarily from the successful appeal and resolution of a non-income tax audit. Subsequent to September 30, 2016, we further reduced our liability as the result of a $1.2 million payment to formally resolve a previously recorded non-income tax liability, which will negatively impact operating cash flows in the three months ending December 31, 2016. We continue to correspond with the applicable authorities in an effort toward resolution of our open audits in the remainder of the year ending December 31, 2016 using a variety of settlement options including, but not limited to, voluntary disclosures, negotiation and standard appeals process, and we may adjust the liability at such time. Additionally, we continue to analyze what other obligations, if any, we have to other state taxing authorities. We believe it is reasonably possible that other states may approach us or that the scope of the taxable base in any state may increase. However, it is not possible to predict the potential amount of future payments due to the unique facts and circumstances involved.  
 In the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we entered into contracts, pursuant to which we agreed to minimum, non-refundable installment payments totaling approximately $10.0 million, payable in monthly and yearly installments through December 31, 2021. These amounts are expensed on a pro-rata basis and are recorded in cost of services revenue and general and administrative expenses in our condensed consolidated statements of operations. For additional information on other minimum, non-refundable contracts, please see Note 18  in our most recent Annual Report on  Form 10-K. 
 The variability of the inputs for the earn-out provisions in the business we acquired from Habits at Work may have a material impact on the future operating results of our Corporate business unit. As of September 30, 2016, we expect the value of the earn-out payment for the second Measurement Period to be approximately $1.0 million, which includes an estimated cash payment of $392 thousand. For additional information, please see Note 4 to our condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 Orders we place for the production of our Voyce hardware product may result in unconditional purchase obligations and may require us to make some payment at the time the order is placed. Unconditional purchase obligations exclude agreements that are cancelable by us without penalty. In the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we did not record a liability for any unconditional purchase obligations. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 As of September 30, 2016, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Item 4.   
 
      Controls and Procedures     

 The Company, under the supervision and with the participation of its management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of its  disclosure controls and procedures  (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Our officers have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief executive officer and principal financial officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed, and are effective, to give reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 There have not been any changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
   
 53 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1.   
 
      Legal Proceedings     

 In the normal course of business, we may become involved in various legal proceedings. Except as stated below, we know of no pending or threatened legal proceedings to which we are or will be a party that, if successful, would result in a material adverse change in our business or financial condition.  
 In July 2012, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau ( CFPB ) served a Civil Investigative Demand on Intersections Inc. with respect to its billing practices for identity protection and credit monitoring products sold and enrolled through depositary customers. An action was filed on July 1, 2015 in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia, Alexandria Division, and a Stipulated Final Judgment and Order (the  Order ) concurrently entered, entitled Consumer Financial Protection Bureau v. Intersections Inc. Without admitting or denying the allegations in the complaint, we agreed to implement a satisfactory compliance plan to comply with the Order and to provide a progress update. We paid a civil monetary penalty of $1.2 million in 2015, and in the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we paid $63 thousand to 661 customers who had not previously received refunds for periods where the full benefit of the service was not delivered. We also submitted an amended compliance plan to the CFPB and are awaiting a letter of non-objection. 
 In January 2013, the Office of the West Virginia Attorney General ( WVAG ) served Intersections Insurance Services Inc. ( IISI ) with a complaint that the WVAG had filed in the Circuit Court of Mason County, West Virginia on October 2, 2012. The complaint alleges violations of West Virginia consumer protection laws based on the marketing of unspecified products. IISI filed a motion to require the WVAG to amend its complaint to include a more specific statement of its claims.  The court denied that motion in December 2013. IISI filed an answer to the complaint on January 21, 2014. On July 13, 2016, the court entered a scheduling order governing the management of the case through the beginning of trial.  Pursuant to that order, the deadline for parties to amend the pleadings and add parties was set for September 30, 2016.  On September 21, 2016, the WVAG moved to amend the complaint, seeking to add Intersections Inc. as a defendant.  The proposed amended complaint alleges the same violations of West Virginia consumer protection laws as alleged against IISI.  IISI will have an opportunity to oppose the motion to amend. 
 In July 2015, Costco Wholesale Corporation elected not to renew an agreement for Intersections to provide an identity protection service to its customers. On January 20, 2016, Intersections filed a Notice of Arbitration with respect to claims by Intersections against Costco arising from certain actions of Costco related to the marketing of its new identity protection service to our subscriber base of current Costco members, which Intersections alleged violated the agreement and applicable law. Intersections sought damages in excess of $2.0 million, and injunctive relief. On February 16, 2016, Costco filed a counterclaim, seeking injunctive relief and related, unspecified damages, with respect to the allegedly inappropriate use by Intersections of a URL containing elements of both parties  intellectual property. On October 6, 2016, Intersections and Costco entered into a settlement agreement, pursuant to which the parties agreed to terminate the arbitration and release each other from all claims asserted thereby, in consideration of Costco s one-time, lump sum payment to Intersections of $1.5 million, and Costco s agreement to certain terms and conditions with respect to the advertising and marketing of its new identity protection service to the aforementioned subscriber base. 
 As of September 30, 2016, we do not have any significant liabilities accrued for any of the legal proceedings mentioned above. We believe based on information currently available that the amount, if any, accrued for the above contingencies is adequate. However, legal proceedings are inherently unpredictable and, although we believe that accruals are adequate and we intend to vigorously defend ourselves against such matters, unfavorable resolution could occur, which could have a material effect in our condensed consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole. 

Item 1A.   
 
      Risk Factors     

 The following risk factors supplement and/or update the risk factors previously disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015: 
 Because our Pet Health Monitoring segment has not generated revenue sufficient to support its operating expenses, we expect that our i4c subsidiary will need financing no later than December 31, 2016. 
   We are considering various financing options and strategic alternatives for this business segment, all of which will require the consent of our lender, including waivers of certain covenants and/or an amendment of the Credit Agreement, in order to avoid the possibility of an event of default. On October 27, 2016, we received a non-binding proposal from Loeb Holding Corporation ( LHC ), our largest stockholder, to (a) immediately make a $2 million bridge loan directly available to our i4c subsidiary, and (b) subsequently acquire our i4c subsidiary on or before January 15, 2017. LHC s proposal is set forth in an amendment to its Schedule 13D filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 28, 2016. A Special Committee consisting of three independent members of our Board of Directors is overseeing the process of evaluating and negotiating this transaction. No definitive agreement has been reached  
 54 

with LHC or any oth  er party, and there can be no assurance that any definitive offer will be made or accepted, that any agreement will be executed or that any transaction will be completed.  
 In addition, if we do not obtain an amendment to, or waiver or forbearance of certain covenants under the Credit Agreement, the lender is entitled to exercise any and all remedies available to it upon the occurrence of an event of default, including the option to accelerate the debt and possibly foreclose on substantially all of our assets, which serve as collateral for the obligations under the Credit Agreement. If this should occur, we may not be able to repay all of the outstanding debt or borrow sufficient funds to refinance it, and even if new financing is then available to us, it may not be on acceptable terms. We may also incur transaction and other costs that could have a material negative impact on our cash and cash equivalents, and in combination with other non-cash charges could have a material negative impact on our results of operations. 

Item 2.   
 
      Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds     

 (c) Purchase of equity securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers. 
  The common share purchases described in the table below represent the withholding of shares to satisfy tax withholding obligations upon the vesting of the related restricted stock during the three months ended September 30, 2016: 

55 

Item 6.   
 
            Exhibits     

10.1*  

Employment Agreement dated as of August 17, 2016 between Intersections Inc. and Duane L. Berlin.  

10.2*   

Data Services Agreement dated as of September 26, 2016 by and between Digital Matrix Systems, Inc. and Intersections Inc.  

31.1*  

Certification of Michael R. Stanfield, Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

31.2*  

Certification of Ronald L. Barden, Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

32.1*  

Certification of Michael R. Stanfield, Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

32.2*  

Certification of Ronald L. Barden, Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

101.INS  

XBRL Instance Document.  

101.SCH  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document.  

101.CAL  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document.  

101.LAB  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document.  

101.PRE  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document.  

101.DEF  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document.  

*   
 
 Filed herewith.    

Confidential treatment requested as to certain portions, which portions are omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.    

 56 

SIGNATURE  
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

INTERSECTIONS INC.  

Date: November 14, 2016  
 
 By:  
 
 /s/ Ronald L. Barden  

Ronald L. Barden  

Chief Financial Officer  

57 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 intx-ex101_163.htm
 EX-10.1

intx-ex101_163.htm

Exhibit 10.1 
   
 EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 
 This  EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT  (the   Agreement  ) is made this 17th day of August, 2016, by and between  Intersections Inc. , a Delaware corporation, with offices at 3901 Stonecroft Boulevard, Chantilly, Virginia 20151 (the   Corporation  ) and  Duane L. Berlin , an individual, residing at 36 Topaz Lane, Trumball, CT 06611 (the   Executive  ).  This Agreement shall be effective as of October 1, 2016 (the   Commencement Date  ). 
 W I T N E S S E T H: 
 WHEREAS , the Corporation desires to employ the Executive and the Executive desires to accept such employment upon the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement; and  
 NOW, THEREFORE , for and in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants and agreements herein contained, and for other valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereby agree as follows:  
 1.   Employment  .  The Corporation hereby agrees to employ the Executive, and the Executive hereby accepts employment, as the Chief Legal Officer and General Counsel of the Corporation under the terms and conditions set forth herein.   
 2.   Term  .  Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, this Agreement and the Executive s employment are for the period beginning on the Commencement Date and ending on December 31, 2019 (the    Term   ), unless earlier terminated in accordance with the provisions of paragraph 6 hereof. If the Executive continues to be employed by the Corporation following the expiration of the Term, the Executive s employment shall be on an  at will basis  and any termination of the Executive s employment shall not entitle the Executive to any payment or benefits, whether as Severance Payments pursuant to paragraph 6 hereof or otherwise, except as required by law.  
 3.   Duties  .  
   a.   While the Executive is employed pursuant to this Agreement, he shall perform such duties and discharge such responsibilities as the Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation and the Board of Directors of the Corporation  (the    Board of Directors   ) shall from time to time direct, which duties and responsibilities shall be commensurate with the Executive s position. The Executive shall perform his duties and discharge his responsibilities from the Corporation s principal office in Chantilly, Virginia, other than normal and customary business travel, which is also a duty and requirement of the Executive s employment with the Corporation. The Executive shall comply fully with all applicable laws, rules and regulations as well as with the Corporation s policies and procedures. The Executive shall devote his entire working time to the business of the Corporation and shall use his best efforts, skills and abilities in his diligent and faithful performance of his duties and responsibilities hereunder. While the Executive is employed pursuant to this Agreement, he shall not engage in any other business activities or hold any office or position, regardless of whether any such activity, office or position is pursued for profit or other pecuniary advantage, without the prior written consent of   
   
 NY 76278983v5 

the Corporation;   provided  ,   however  , the Executive may (i) engage in personal investment activities for himself and his family,   (ii) engage in non-profit, charitable and civic activities, (iii) provide transition services to Lev   Berlin P.C., including without limitation the transition of ownership, and (iv) continue as of counsel or in a similar capacity to Lev   Berlin P.C., so   long as such outside interests set forth in subsections (i) through (iv) hereof do not interfere with the performance of his duties and responsibilities hereunder.    
 b.   The Chief Executive Officer and the Board of Directors reserve the right from time to time to assign to the Executive additional duties and responsibilities and to delegate to other employees of the Corporation duties and responsibilities normally discharged by the Executive. All such assignments and delegations of duties and responsibilities shall be made in good faith and shall not materially affect the general character of the work to be performed by the Executive. The Executive shall hold such officerships and directorships in the Corporation and any subsidiary to which, from time to time, the Executive may be appointed or elected with no additional compensation payable to the Executive.  
 4.   Compensation and Related Matters  .  As full compensation for the Executive s performance of his duties and responsibilities for the Executive s employment during the Term pursuant to this Agreement, the Corporation shall pay the Executive the compensation and provide the benefits set forth below:  
 a.   Base Salary  .  The Corporation shall pay the Executive an annual salary (the    Base Salary   ) of $600,000, less applicable withholding and other deductions, payable in accordance with the Corporation s then current payroll practices.  Commencing in 2017, the Base Salary will be reviewed at least annually by the Board of Directors (and/or the Compensation Committee thereof) and may be increased, but not decreased, in its sole discretion, in which event any increased Base Salary shall be deemed the Base Salary under this Agreement.  
 b.   Bonus  .  For each calendar year through 2018, the Executive shall be eligible to participate in the Corporation s short-term incentive compensation plan (the    STI Bonus Plan   ) to be determined in the sole discretion of the Corporation s Chief Executive Officer, subject to financial, tax and legal analysis, and the approval by the Board of Directors (and/or the Compensation Committee thereof).  The Executive s participation in the STI Bonus Plan shall be subject to the plan terms and conditions (which may be based on such factors as the Board of Directors (and/or the Compensation Committee thereof) determine in its or their sole discretion, including the performance of the Corporation and/or the Executive) adopted by the Board of Directors (and/or the Compensation Committee thereof).    Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, to be eligible for a bonus under the STI Bonus Plan, the Executive must be in  active working status  at the time of bonus payment   except as otherwise provided in paragraph 6 hereof  .    For purposes of this Agreement,    active working status    shall mean that the Executive has not resigned (or given notice of his intention to resign) and has not been terminated for any reason, with or without  cause  including, without limitation, as defined in paragraph 6.c. (or been given notice of termination).    
   c.   Benefits  .  The Executive shall be eligible to participate in any health, welfare and retirement plans and programs (including, but not limited to, medical, dental, life   
 2 
   
 NY 76278983v5 

insurance,     disability and   401(k))  , if any are adopted, of the Corporation and/or any employing subsidiary which may be in effect from time to time during the Executive s employment by the Corporation and/or employing subsidiary, on the same basis as those benefits are generally made avail  able to other senior executives of the Corporation and/or employing subsidiary, subject to the terms and conditions of such plans as may be in effect from time to time.    
 d.   Equity Awards  .  Prior to the Commencement Date, the Executive received (i) a one-time grant for the calendar years 2016, 2017 and 2018 of 52,500 time-based restricted stock units, and (ii) an annual grant for 2016 of 40,833 performance-based restricted stock units ( PBRSUs ) (at target), under the Corporation s 2014 Stock Incentive Plan. For each of 2017 and 2018, the Executive shall be eligible to receive an annual grant of 40,833 PBRSUs (at target) under the Corporation s long-term incentive compensation plan as in effect from time to time, on terms and conditions consistent with the aforementioned 2016 PBRSUs and provided the Executive is in  active working status  at the time of grant. The Executive shall be considered for such other equity or equity based awards by the Compensation Committee on a similar basis as generally made available to other senior officers of the Corporation (other than the Corporation s Chief Executive Officer). Any such grants or awards shall be made at the sole discretion of the Compensation Committee and the terms of such grants or awards, if any, shall be set forth in the applicable plans and award agreements.  
 e.   Leave  .  The Executive shall be eligible to receive and take paid leave that the Corporation generally makes available to its senior officers in accordance with the Corporation s leave policies (as may be revised from time to time).  
 f.   Car Allowance  .  The Corporation shall provide the Executive with an annual car allowance (the    Car Allowance   ), which shall be applied to the purchase or lease of a vehicle. The Car Allowance shall equal 4% of the Executive s Base Salary, less applicable withholding and other deductions, and shall be divided into equal payments and paid on the same basis as the Corporation s payroll. The Executive shall be responsible for the maintenance and operation of the vehicle and the costs associated with the same, including, without limitation, insurance.  
   g.   Insurance, Indemnification and Related Matters  .  While the Executive is employed by the Corporation and for so long as there exists potential for liability thereafter with regard to the Executive s activities during his employment on behalf of the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates (regardless of whether as an employee, officer, or member of the Board of Directors or in any other capacity on behalf of the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates), the Corporation shall (i) indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Executive and (ii) advance payment of costs and expenses incurred by the Executive in defense of any such action, suit or proceeding to which the Executive is made a party or is threatened to be made a party (provided the Executive shall repay such expenses in the event it is ultimately determined he is not entitled to such indemnification), in each case  on terms and conditions no less favorable than the Corporation provides at any time during the Executive s employment or afterwards to its other executive officers and members of the Board of Directors. During the Executive s employment and for 6 years thereafter, the Executive shall be entitled, at the Corporation s expense, to the same directors  and officers  liability insurance coverage that the Corporation provides generally to its other executive officers and members of the Board of   
 3 
   
 NY 76278983v5 

Directors, as may be amended from time to time, provided that such   insurance coverage following the Executive s employment shall be on terms and conditions no less favorable to the Executive than those in effect at the expiration or termination of his employment. The rights provided by this paragraph 4.g. shall be in addi  tion to any other rights to which the Executive may be entitled under any of the organizational documents of the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates, any agreement, pursuant to any vote of the holders of equity interests or securities of t  he Corporation or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates, as a matter of law or otherwise.  
 5.   Expenses  .  The Corporation or its subsidiaries shall reimburse the Executive for expenses which the Executive may from time to time reasonably incur on behalf of and at the request of the Corporation in the performance of his responsibilities and duties under this Agreement, provided that the Executive shall be required to account to the Corporation for such expenses in the manner prescribed by the Corporation.  
 6.   Termination  .  This Agreement and the Executive s employment shall terminate at any time in accordance with, and subject to, the terms and conditions set forth below:  
 a.   immediately upon the Executive s death; or  
 b.   upon the Executive s disability.  For purposes of this Agreement, the term    disability    shall mean that the Executive is (i) unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months or (ii) by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months, receiving income replacement benefits for a period of not less than 3 months under an accident and health plan covering employees of the service provider s employer; or  
 c.   upon the existence of  cause.  For purposes of this Agreement,    cause    shall mean that the Executive: (i) has been convicted of, or entered a plea of   nolo contendre   to, a misdemeanor involving moral turpitude or any felony under the laws of the United States or any state or political subdivision thereof; (ii) has committed an act constituting a breach of fiduciary duty, fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct; (iii) has engaged in conduct that violated the Corporation s then existing internal policies or procedures and which is materially detrimental to the business, reputation, character or standing of the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries; or (iv) after written notice to the Executive and a reasonable opportunity of at least 30 days to cure, the Executive shall continue (x) to be in material breach of the terms of this Agreement; (y) to fail or refuse to attend to the material duties and responsibilities reasonably assigned to him by the Board of Directors consistent with his authority, position and responsibilities on the date hereof; or (z) to be absent excessively for reasons unrelated to disability; or  
   d.   upon the existence of  good reason.  For purposes of this Agreement, the following shall constitute    good reason   :    the existence of   one or more of the following events has occurred without the written consent of the Executive: (i) a material reduction in the Executive s Base Salary; (ii) the relocation of the Executive s office to a location outside of a 30-mile radius from the Corporation s present Chantilly, Virginia location; (iii) a material breach by   
 4 
   
 NY 76278983v5 

the Corporation of the terms   of this Agreement; or (iv) following a  change in control  as defined in paragraph 6.e. hereof, a material diminution in the Executive s authority, duties or responsibilities;   provided  ,   however  , that none of the events described herein will constitute goo  d reason unless the Executive has first provided written notice to the Corporation of the occurrence of the applicable event(s) within 90 days of the initial existence of such event and the Corporation fails to cure such event within 30 days after its rece  ipt of such written notice and, if uncured, the termination is effective (and the Executive terminates) as of the end of such 30 day cure period; or  
 e.   by the Corporation at any time without    cause    effective 30 days after delivery of written notice to the Executive;   provided  ,   however  , the Corporation may, at its option, provide a cash payment up to 30 days  Base Salary in lieu of such 30 days  notice or any portion thereof; or  
 f.   by the Executive without    good reason  ,  effective 30 days after delivery of written notice to the Corporation;   provided  ,   however  , the Corporation may, at its option, accept such resignation at any time and provide a cash payment up to 30 days  Base Salary in lieu of such 30 days  notice or any portion thereof;  
 g.   for the purposes of this Agreement, the term    change in control    shall mean that:  
 (i)   any  person  or  group  (as such terms are used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act )), other than the Corporation, Loeb Holding Corporation or any of its affiliates, any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Corporation, or any corporation owned, directly or indirectly, by the stockholders of the Corporation in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of stock of the Corporation, becomes the  beneficial owner  (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Corporation representing 30% or more of the Common Stock of the Corporation; or  
 (ii)   the stockholders of the Corporation approve a merger or consolidation of the Corporation with or into any other corporation, other than a merger or consolidation (x) with or into Loeb Holding Corporation or any of its affiliates or (y) which would result in the voting securities of the Corporation outstanding immediately prior thereto continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the surviving entity) more than 50% of the combined voting power of the voting securities of the Corporation or such surviving entity outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation; or  
 (iii)   the stockholders of the Corporation approve an agreement for the sale or disposition by the Corporation of all or substantially all of the Corporation s assets.  
   h.   If the Executive s employment is terminated during the Term by: (a) the Corporation pursuant to paragraph 6.c., or (b) the Executive pursuant to paragraph 6.f., then, in full satisfaction of the Corporation s obligations under this Agreement, the Executive shall be entitled to receive (i) the Base Salary provided for herein up to and including the effective date   
 5 
   
 NY 76278983v5 

of termination, prorated on a daily basis; and (ii) medical benefit continuation at the Executive s and/or his depen  dents  expense as provided by law.    
 i.   If the Executive s employment is terminated during the Term: (a) pursuant to paragraph 6.a. or by the Corporation pursuant to paragraph 6.b. or 6.e., or (b) by the Executive pursuant to paragraph 6.d., then, in full satisfaction of the Corporation s obligations under this Agreement, the Executive, his beneficiaries or estate, as appropriate, shall be entitled to receive: (i) the Base Salary provided for herein up to and including the effective date of termination, prorated on a daily basis; (ii) any cash bonus which would otherwise be payable to the Executive with respect to the year prior to the year of termination, to the extent such bonus is scheduled to be paid in the year of termination and has not previously been paid, which shall be due and payable in the year of termination and at the same time as such bonuses for such year are paid to active employees (but no later than March 15 th  of the year of termination); (iii) the Severance Payments (as defined below); and (iv) medical benefit continuation at the Executive s and/or his dependents  expense as provided by law;   provided  ,   however  , as additional consideration for the Release (as defined below), to the extent the Executive and/or his covered dependents elect medical continuation coverage, the Corporation will pay (or reimburse) the cost of medical benefit continuation (on the same basis and at the same cost as such benefits are currently provided to senior executives of the Corporation) for the Executive and any covered dependents for up to 18 months or until the Executive and/or his covered dependents are covered by another company s group health insurance, whichever is sooner; and   provided  ,   further  , that if the Corporation determines in good faith that its payment of such cost will result in the imposition of excise taxes or penalties on the Corporation and/or the insurance carrier with respect to such medical benefits, then the Corporation shall not pay (or reimburse) such cost and the Corporation shall provide an economically equivalent benefit or payment, to the extent that such benefit or payment is consistent with applicable law and will not result in the imposition of such excise taxes or penalties.  Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Corporation shall not be obligated to make any Severance Payments or provide any additional benefits under sub-clause (iv) of this paragraph 6.i unless (x) prior to the 60th day following the date of termination, the Executive executes a general release in form and content satisfactory to the Corporation (the    Release   ) and (y) any applicable revocation period has expired during such 60-day period without the Executive revoking such Release.  
 j.   For the purposes of this Agreement, the term  Severance Payment  shall mean:  
 (i)   an amount equal to 1.5 times the Executive s Base Salary (1 times the Executive s Base Salary if the Executive s employment is terminated in 2019 and such termination is not upon, or within 12 months following, a change in control) (2.5 times the Executive s Base Salary if the Executive s employment is terminated upon, or within 12 months following, a change in control), to be paid on the 60th day following the date of such termination; and  
   (ii)   if (and only if) such termination occurs between July 1st and December 31st of any calendar year , the actual cash bonus, if any, that (but for the termination of employment of the Executive) would have otherwise been payable to the Executive for the calendar year in which the termination occurs based on the actual performance of the   
 6 
   
 NY 76278983v5 

Corporation (and, if applicable, the Executive) for such calendar year and pro-rated on a daily basis (determined by dividing the number of calendar days employed during the year by 365), to be paid (if applicable) when the Corporation pays   performance bonuses to the Corporation s other officers for the calendar year during which the termination occurred but no later than March 15   th    following the end of such calendar year.  
 7.   Confidential and Proprietary Information; Work Product; Warranty; Non-Competition; Non-Solicitation; Non-Disparagement, Etc  .  
 a.   Confidentiality  .  The Executive acknowledges and agrees that there are certain trade secrets and confidential and proprietary information (collectively,    Confidential Information   ) which have been developed by the Corporation and which are used by the Corporation in its business. Confidential Information shall include, without limitation: (i) customer lists and supplier lists; (ii) the details of the Corporation s relationships with its customers, including, without limitation, the financial relationship with a customer, knowledge of the internal  politics /workings of a customer organization, a customer s technical needs and job specifications, knowledge of a customer s strategic plans and the identities of contact persons within a customer s organization; (iii) the Corporation s marketing and development plans, business plans; and (iv) other information proprietary to the Corporation s business. The Executive shall not, at any time during or after his employment hereunder, use or disclose such Confidential Information, except to authorized representatives of the Corporation or the customer or as required in the performance of his duties and responsibilities hereunder. The Executive shall return all customer and/or Corporation property, such as computers, software and cell phones, and documents (and any copies including, without limitation, in machine or human-readable form), to the Corporation when his employment terminates. The Executive shall not be required to keep confidential any Confidential Information which (x) is or becomes publicly available through no fault of the Executive, (y) is already in his possession (unless obtained from the Corporation or one of its customers) or (z) is required to be disclosed by applicable law or regulation, or pursuant to the valid order of a court of competent jurisdiction or an authorized government agency, provided that the Executive shall provide the Corporation written notice of any such order prior to such disclosure to the extent practicable under the circumstances and permitted by applicable law.  Further, the Executive shall be free to use and employ his general skills, know-how and expertise, and to use, disclose and employ any generalized ideas, concepts, know-how, methods, techniques or skills, including, without limitation, those gained or learned during the course of the performance of his duties and responsibilities hereunder, so long as he applies such information without disclosure or use of any Confidential Information.  
   b.   Work Product  .  The Executive agrees that all copyrights, patents, trade secrets or other intellectual property rights associated with any ideas, concepts, techniques, inventions, processes, or works of authorship developed or created by him during his employment by the Corporation and for a period of 6 months thereafter, that (i) relate, whether directly or indirectly, to the Corporation s actual or anticipated business, research or development or (ii) are suggested by or as a result of any work performed by the Executive on the Corporation s behalf, shall, to the extent possible, be considered works made for hire within the meaning of the Copyright Act (17 U.S.C. Section 101   et seq.  ) (the    Work Product   ). All Work Product shall be and remain the property of the Corporation. To the extent that any such Work Product may not, under applicable law, be considered works made for hire, the Executive   
 7 
   
 NY 76278983v5 

hereby grants, transfers, assigns, conveys and relinquishes, and agrees to grant, transfer, as  sign, convey and relinquish from time to time, on an exclusive basis, all of his right, title and interest in and to the Work Product to the Corporation in perpetuity or for the longest period otherwise permitted by law. Consistent with his recognition of   the Corporation s absolute ownership of all Work Product, the Executive agrees that he shall (i) not use any Work Product for the benefit of any party other than the Corporation and (ii) at the Corporation s sole expense, perform such acts and execute such   documents and instruments as the Corporation may now or hereafter deem reasonably necessary or desirable to evidence the transfer of absolute ownership of all Work Product to the Corporation;   provided  ,   however  , if following 10 days  written notice from th  e Corporation, the Executive refuses, or is unable, due to disability, incapacity, or death, to execute such documents relating to the Work Product, he hereby appoints any of the Corporation s officers as his attorney-in-fact to execute such documents on h  is behalf. This agency is coupled with an interest and is irrevocable without the Corporation s prior written consent.  
 c.   Warranty  .  The Executive represents and warrants to the Corporation that (i) there are no claims that would adversely affect his ability to assign all right, title and interest in and to the Work Product to the Corporation; (ii) the Work Product does not violate any patent, copyright or other proprietary right of any third party; (iii) the Executive has the legal right to grant the Corporation the assignment of his interest in the Work Product as set forth in this Agreement; and (iv) he has not brought, and will not bring to his employment hereunder, or use in connection with such employment, any trade secret, confidential or proprietary information, or computer software, except for software that he has a right to use for the purpose for which it shall be used, in his employment hereunder.  
 d.   Non-Competition; Non Solicitation  .  The Executive agrees that during his employment by the Corporation and for 18 months thereafter, regardless of the circumstances which result in his termination, he shall not within the continental United States or Canada (i) engage or attempt to engage, directly or indirectly, whether as an employee, officer, director, consultant or otherwise, in any business activity which is the same as, substantially similar to or directly competitive with the Corporation; (ii) solicit or attempt to solicit, directly or indirectly, whether as an employee, officer, director, consultant or otherwise, any person or entity which is then a customer of the Corporation or has been a customer or solicited by the Corporation in the preceding 18-month period, to purchase products or services directly competitive with those sold or provided by the Corporation from any entity other than the Corporation; (iii) solicit for employment, engage and/or hire, whether directly or indirectly, any individual who is then employed by the Corporation or engaged by the Corporation as an independent subcontractor or consultant; and/or (iv) encourage or induce, whether directly or indirectly, any individual who is then employed by the Corporation or engaged by the Corporation as an independent contractor or consultant to end his business relationship with the Corporation;   provided  ,   however  , the foregoing non-competition restriction shall not apply to the Executive s performance of legal services to the extent that such restriction is not permitted under applicable law or ethical rules; and   provided  ,   further  , nothing in this paragraph 7.d. shall prevent the Executive from owning, solely as an investment, up to 5% of the securities of any publicly-traded company.    
   e.   Non-Disparagement  .  During the Executive s employment and at any time thereafter, the Executive agrees not to disparage, either orally or in writing, in any material respect the Corporation or any of its current or former employees, officers or directors, and will   
 8 
   
 NY 76278983v5 

not authorize others to do so on Executive s behalf. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in thi  s paragraph 7.e. shall preclude the Executive from (i) enforcing his rights under this Agreement or responding truthfully to legal process or governmental inquiry, (ii) in the course of and consistent with his duties for the Corporation, evaluating or disc  ussing the performance or conduct of other officers and/or employees, including in connection with performance evaluations or (iii) providing truthful testimony or information in any proceeding or in response to any request from any governmental agency or   any judicial, arbitral or self-regulatory forum or as otherwise required by law, subject to the Executive providing the Corporation with as much prior written notice as is practicable under the circumstances and permitted by law.  Nothing in this Agreement   or otherwise shall prohibit the Executive from making a report to any governmental agency or entity, including but not limited to the Department of Justice, the Securities and Exchange Commission, Congress and any agency Inspector General, if he has a rea  sonable belief that there has been a potential violation of federal or state law or regulation or from making other disclosures that are protected under the whistleblower provisions of any applicable federal or state law or regulation.  No prior authorizat  ion to make any such reports or disclosures is required and the Executive is not required to notify the Corporation that he has made such reports or disclosures. The Executive, however, may not waive the Corporation s attorney-client privilege.  
 f.   Cooperation  .  The Executive agrees, without receiving additional compensation and upon reasonable notice, to cooperate fully with the Corporation and its legal counsel on any matters relating to the Executive s employment with the Corporation in which the Corporation reasonably determines that the Executive s cooperation is necessary or appropriate.  The Corporation shall reimburse the Executive for reasonable and pre-approved travel and other similar out-of-pocket expenses incurred as a result of any such cooperation.  
 g.   Injunctive Relief; Remedy  .  The Executive acknowledges that a breach or threatened breach of any of the terms set forth in this paragraph 7 shall result in any irreparable and continuing harm to the Corporation for which there may be no adequate remedy at law. The Corporation shall, without posting a bond, be entitled to seek injunctive and other equitable relief, in addition to any other remedies available to the Corporation.  
 h.   Essential and Independent Agreements  .  It is understood by the parties hereto that the Executive s obligations and the restrictions and remedies set forth in this paragraph 7 are essential elements of this Agreement and that but for his agreement to comply with and/or agree to such obligations, restrictions and remedies, the Corporation would not have entered into this Agreement or employed (or continued to employ) him. The Executive s obligations and the restrictions and remedies set forth in this paragraph 7 are independent agreements and the existence of any claim or claims by him against the Corporation under this Agreement or otherwise will not excuse his breach of any of his obligations or affect the restrictions and remedies set forth under this paragraph 7.  
   i.   Survival of Terms; Representations  .  The Executive s obligations under this paragraph 7 shall remain in full force and effect notwithstanding the termination of his employment. The Executive acknowledges that he is sophisticated in business, and that the restrictions and remedies set forth in this paragraph 7 do not create an undue hardship on him and will not prevent him from earning a livelihood. The Executive further acknowledges that he   
 9 
   
 NY 76278983v5 

has had a sufficient period of time within which to review this Agreement, including, without li  mitation, this paragraph 7, with an attorney of his choice and he has done so to the extent he desired. The Executive and the Corporation agree that the restrictions and remedies contained in this paragraph 7 are reasonable and necessary to protect the Cor  poration s legitimate business interests regardless of the reason for or circumstances giving rise to such termination and that he and the Corporation intend that such restrictions and remedies shall be enforceable to the fullest extent permissible by law.   The Executive agrees that given the scope of the Corporation s business and the sophistication of the information highway, any further geographic limitation on such remedies and restrictions would deny the Corporation the protection to which it is entitle  d hereunder. If it shall be found by a court of competent jurisdiction that any such restriction or remedy is unenforceable but would be enforceable if some part thereof were deleted or modified, then such restriction or remedy shall apply with such modifi  cation as shall be necessary to make it enforceable to the fullest extent permissible under law.  
 j.    Corporation   .  For purposes of the provisions of this paragraph 7, the term    Corporation    shall be deemed to include the Corporation and any of its subsidiaries and/or controlled affiliates, as well as any successor to all or any material portion of the business and/or assets of the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries.  
 8.   Successors  .  This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties, their legal representatives and successors and assigns. However, the Executive s performance hereunder is personal to the Executive and shall not be assignable by the Executive. The Corporation may assign this Agreement and its rights and obligations to any affiliate or to any successor to all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Corporation, whether directly or indirectly, by purchase, merger, consolidation, acquisition of stock, or otherwise.  
 9.   Miscellaneous  .  
 a.   Compliance with Section 409A  .     
 (i)   It is the intention of the parties that all payments and benefits under this Agreement (and any amendment hereto) shall be made and provided in a manner that is either exempt from or intended to avoid taxation under Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code and the rules, regulations and notices thereunder (   Code Section 409A   ), to the extent applicable.  Any ambiguity in this Agreement (or any amendment hereto) shall be interpreted to comply with the above.  The Executive acknowledges that the Corporation has made no representations as to the treatment of the compensation and benefits provided hereunder and the Executive has been advised to obtain his own tax advice.  Each amount or benefit payable pursuant to this Agreement (and any amendment hereto) shall be deemed a separate payment for purposes of Code Section 409A.  For all purposes under this Agreement, any iteration of the word  termination  (e.g.,  terminated ) with respect to the Executive s employment, shall mean a separation from service within the meaning of Code Section 409A. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, for purposes of this Agreement (including paragraph 6 hereof), the Executive shall be considered to have a termination of employment only if such termination is a  separation from service  within the meaning of Code Section 409A.    
 10 
   
 NY 76278983v5 

(ii)    To the extent that the reimbursement of any expenses or the provision of any in-kind benefits pursuant to this Agreement is subject to Code Section 409A, (A) the amount of such expenses eligi  ble for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits to be provided hereunder during any one calendar year shall not affect the amount of such expenses eligible for reimbursement or in-kind benefits to be provided hereunder in any other calendar year;   provided  ,   howe  ver  , that the foregoing shall not apply to any limit on the amount of any expenses incurred by the Executive that may be reimbursed or paid under the terms of the Corporation s medical plan, if such limit is imposed on all similarly situated participants i  n such plan; (B) all such expenses eligible for reimbursement hereunder shall be paid to the Executive no later than December 31st of the calendar year following the calendar year in which such expenses were incurred or such earlier date as provided under   the Corporation s policies; and (C) the Executive s right to receive any such reimbursements or in-kind benefits shall not be subject to liquidation or exchange for any other benefit.    
 (iii)   Notwithstanding anything else in this Agreement to the contrary, if any payments or benefits under this Agreement, including the Severance Payments payable under paragraph 6.i. above, constitute  nonqualified deferred compensation  subject to Code Section 409A at the date of employment termination, then such payment, to the extent required under Code Section 409A, shall be made (or begin to be made) six months and one day after the Executive s  separation from service  as defined in Code Section 409A(a)(2)(A)(i) (or if earlier the date of the Executive s death), if the Executive is a  specified employee  as defined in Code Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) and as reasonably determined in good faith by the Corporation.  In the event that any payment is subject to the foregoing delay, then the Corporation shall (provided it shall not result in the imposition of additional taxes by reason of Code Section 409A(b)(2)), at its sole expense, (A) contribute the amount of such payments to an irrevocable grantor trust in the form prescribed by Revenue Procedure 92-64 (the    Trust   ) within 60 days after the Executive s termination of employment, and (B) direct the trustee of the Trust to pay such amount, together with the earnings of the Trust, less applicable withholding and payroll deductions, to the Executive on the first day following the expiration of such delay or, if earlier, the Executive s death (subject only to the limitations with respect to the Corporation s insolvency, if any, as prescribed under the Trust and required to satisfy Revenue Procedure 92-64).   
 b.   Clawback  .  Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, any incentive compensation (whether cash or equity) received by the Executive which is subject to recovery under any law, government regulation, order or stock exchange listing requirement, will be subject to such deductions and clawback (recovery) as may be required to be made pursuant to law, government regulation, order, stock exchange listing requirement (or any policy of the Corporation adopted pursuant to any such law, government regulation, order or stock exchange listing requirement) (any    Policy   ). The Executive agrees and consents to the Corporation s application, implementation and enforcement of (i) any Policy and (ii) any provision of applicable law relating to cancellation, rescission, payback or recoupment of incentive compensation, and expressly agrees that the Corporation may take such actions as are necessary to effectuate any Policy, any similar policy (as applicable to the Executive) or applicable law without further consent or action being required by the Executive. To the extent that the terms of this Agreement and any Policy conflict, then the terms of such Policy shall prevail.  
 11 
   
 NY 76278983v5 

c.    Waiver; Amendment  .  The failure of a party to enforce any term, provision, or condition of this Agreement at a  ny time or times shall not be deemed a waiver of that term, provision, or condition for the future, nor shall any specific waiver of a term, provision, or condition at one time be deemed a waiver of such term, provision, or condition for any future time or   times. This Agreement may be amended or modified only by a writing signed by both parties hereto.  
 d.   Governing Law; Jurisdiction  .  This Agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia without giving effect to principles of conflicts of law.  The parties hereby irrevocably consent to the jurisdiction of the federal and state courts located in the Eastern District of Virginia or Fairfax County, Virginia, and by the execution and delivery of this Agreement, each of the parties hereto accepts for itself the exclusive jurisdiction of the aforesaid courts and irrevocably consents to the jurisdiction of such courts (and the appropriate appellate courts) in any proceedings, and waives any objection to venue laid therein.  EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT HE OR IT MAY HAVE TO, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION HEREWITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT.  
 e.   Tax Withholding  .  The payments and benefits under this Agreement may be compensation and as such may be included in either the Executive s W-2 earnings statements or 1099 statements. The Corporation may withhold from any amounts payable under this Agreement such federal, state or local taxes as shall be required to be withheld pursuant to any applicable law or regulation.  
 f.   Paragraph Captions  .  Paragraph and other captions contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and are in no way intended to describe, interpret, define or limit the scope, extent or intent of this Agreement or any provision hereof.  
 g.   Severability  .  Each provision of this Agreement is intended to be severable. If any term or provision hereof is illegal or invalid for any reason whatsoever, such illegality or invalidity shall not affect the validity of the remainder of this Agreement.  
 h.   Integrated Agreement  .  This Agreement constitutes the entire understanding and agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes all prior agreements, understandings, memoranda, term sheets, conversations and negotiations. There are no agreements, understandings, restrictions, representations or warranties between the parties other than those set forth herein or herein provided for.  
 i.   Interpretation; Counterparts  .  No provision of this Agreement is to be interpreted for or against any party because that party drafted such provision. For purposes of this Agreement:  herein,   hereby,   hereinafter,   herewith,   hereafter  and  hereinafter  refer to this Agreement in its entirety, and not to any particular subsection or paragraph. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, including by facsimile or PDF, each of which shall be deemed an original, and all of which shall constitute one and the same instrument.  
 12 
   
 NY 76278983v5 

j.    Notices  .  All notices and other communications hereunder shall   be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given if delivered by hand delivery, by facsimile (with confirmation of transmission), by e-mail, by overnight courier, or by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, in ea  ch case addressed as follows:  
 If to the Executive, at the address set forth above, with a copy to: 
  Lev   Berlin, P.C.  
  200 Connecticut Avenue  
  Norwalk, CT  06854  
  Facsimile:  203-854-1652  
   
 If to the Corporation: 
 Intersections Inc. 3901 Stonecroft Boulevard Chantilly, Virginia  20151 Attention: Chief Legal Officer Facsimile: 703-488-1757 
 with copies (which shall not constitute notice) to: 
 Stroock   Stroock   Lavan LLP 180 Maiden Lane New York, New York  10038-4982 Attention:  Todd E. Lenson Facsimile:  212-806-6006 
 or to such other address as either party shall have furnished to the other in writing in accordance herewith. Notices and communications shall be effective when actually received by addressee. 
 k.   No Limitations  .  The Executive represents his employment by the Corporation hereunder does not conflict with, or breach any confidentiality, non-competition or other agreement to which he is a party or to which he may be subject.  
 [Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank] 
   
 13 
   
 NY 76278983v5 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF  , each of the parties hereto has executed this Agreement as of the date first above written.  

INTERSECTIONS INC.  

EXECUTIVE  

By:  
 
 /s/ Michael R. Stanfield  
 
 /s/ Duane L. Berlin  

Michael Stanfield   
 
 Duane L. Berlin  

Chief Executive Officer  

NY 76278983v5  

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 3
 intx-ex102_323.htm
 EX-10.2

intx-ex102_323.htm

SPECIFIC TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN SEPARATELY FILED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH FIVE ASTERIKS (*****).  

15301 Spectrum Drive, Second Floor, Addison, TX 75001  

Exhibit 10.2 
 DATA SERVICES AGREEMENT 
   
 This DATA SERVICES AGREEMENT (this  Agreement ) made and entered into as of September 26, 2016 (the  Effective Date ) by and between Digital Matrix Systems, Inc., a Texas corporation, located at 15301 Spectrum Drive, Second Floor, Addison, TX 75001 ( DMS ) and Intersections Inc., a Delaware corporation, located at 3901 Stonecroft Blvd., Chantilly, VA  20151 ( Intersections ). 
   
    W I T N E S S E T H:  
   
 WHEREAS, Intersections desires DMS to provide certain on-line credit and third party data access and processing services through DMS  proprietary web-based application known as the Alert Processing Engine ( APE ) and access, process and retain the Third Party Data as outlined herein (the  Services ), and DMS is willing to provide the Services to Intersections in accordance with the terms and conditions hereof; and  
   
 WHEREAS, in connection with the Services, Intersections desires DMS to process and retain certain credit and other third party information (the  Third Party Data ) obtained from consumer reporting agencies such as Experian, Equifax, and Trans Union and other Intersections selected third party data providers (collectively, the  Data Providers ) in order to prepare and provide to Intersections Alert Processing Engine responses based on each specific product or transaction type; and 
   
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants and agreements herein set forth, the parties, intending to be legally bound, agree as follows: 
   
 Section 1.   Services  .  In accordance with the terms of this Agreement, DMS will provide Intersections access to its Services to enable Intersections to request Credit Information of or from the Data Providers, or other Third Party Data sources as determined by Intersections and agreed to by DMS, and for DMS to return the Credit Information to Intersections through Alert Processing Engine responses based on specific product or transaction type, as identified by Intersections,   via   the Internet.  Each such request received and processed by DMS shall be defined as a  Transaction.   Intersections hereby authorizes DMS to obtain (and retain as applicable) Third Party Data on its behalf using the Data Provider access codes provided by Intersections to DMS.  DMS shall retain such Third Party Data in such a manner allowing Intersections to retrieve the Third Party Data as outlined herein.  Intersections right to retrieve retained Third Party Data and DMS right to access Third Party Data shall not extend beyond the Term of this Agreement. The parties recognize that in order to provide the Services DMS will receive Personal Information (as defined in Section 17 of the Agreement).    
   
 This document is confidential and the proprietary information of Digital Matrix Systems, Inc. and shall not be disclosed without written permission. 
 Digital Matrix Systems, Inc.                                                                                                                                                                    Page 1 of 20 
 API Processing Services August 2016 
 NY 76406503v1 
 
  SPECIFIC TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN SEPARATELY FILED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH FIVE ASTERIKS (*****).  

15301 Spectrum Drive, Second Floor, Addison, TX 75001  

(a)    Implementation Services    DMS shall provide the implementation services set forth below:  

1.   
 
 Set up of hardware environments, including testing, production, and disaster recovery.    

2.   
 
 Deployment of the Alert Processing Engine (the  APE ) application across hardware environments covering user acceptance testing, production, and disaster recovery environments.    

3.   
 
 Establish and test Credit Bureau connectivity and processing of the APE application.    

4.   
 
 Establish and test the data retention database and related support services.    

5.   
 
 Test Disaster Recovery procedures for all Credit Bureau connections, the APE, and Third Party Data and Personal Information retention services.    

6.   
 
 Support for Intersections Acceptance Testing.    

(b)  Third Party Data processing and data retention services for the Data Providers as outlined on Exhibit B.  Intersections will be responsible for all DMS access to the Third Party Data from the Data Providers, its format, and delivery method of each  data component  within the Third Party Data. 
   
 (c)  Periodic Disaster Recover (DR) Failover Testing 

1.   
 
 Creating the DR rollover test plans.    

2.   
 
 Executing the DR site rollover.    

3.   
 
 Testing the DR site, fail back to the primary site and testing the fall back.    

(d)  Support for Services in (b) above 

1.   
 
 Process documentation for DMS Operations.    

(e)  DMS shall, upon written request and subject to an executed Amendment to this Agreement, develop for Intersections a separate non-production database that replicates the information maintained by DMS as part of the Services, including Third Party Data and Personal Information ( Intersections Database ).  The Intersections Database shall be updated every 24 hours and may be accessed by Intersections employees in accordance with this Agreement.  Intersections shall only use this database for its internal purposes.  
   
 The Services shall at all times comply with the requirements of the Service Level Agreement outlined in Exhibit A hereto, as applicable.  
   
                     Section 2.   Acceptance Testing  .  The term  Acceptance Testing  means testing performed by Intersections to determine whether the relevant Services comply with the documentation.    
 This document is confidential and the proprietary information of Digital Matrix Systems, Inc. and shall not be disclosed without written permission. 
 Digital Matrix Systems, Inc.                                                                                                                                                                    Page 2 of 20 
 API Processing Services August 2016 
 NY 76406503v1 
 
  SPECIFIC TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN SEPARATELY FILED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH FIVE ASTERIKS (*****).  

15301 Spectrum Drive, Second Floor, Addison, TX 75001  

Within fifteen (15) business days after receipt of the Services    , Intersections     shall provide     DMS   a written list of items that it finds unacceptable,   including a written description of the   failure sufficient to allow DMS to replicate such Acceptance Test failure     and     DMS shall correct the items within fifteen (15)     business days    .  This process shall continue until Intersections     signs off on receipt and acceptance of the Services  .  Rework requ  ired shall not be charged back to Intersections unless the rework is the result of an error in, or change to, the requirements provided by Intersections to DMS  .  Intersections shall be deemed to have accepted the Services upon the earlier of (1) providing   DMS written acceptance of the Services, or (2) thirty (30) calendar days after delivery or redelivery of the Services for which Intersections does not provide DMS a written list of unacceptable items.  Intersections shall be solely responsible for determin  ing the appropriateness of all Acceptance Testing elements.  
   
 Section 3.   Security  .  DMS shall maintain reasonable and appropriate administrative, technical and physical security safeguards to (i) insure the security and confidentiality of the Third Party Data and Personal Information; (ii) protect against anticipated threats or hazards to the security or integrity of the Third Party Data and Personal Information; and (iii) protect against unauthorized access or use of Third Party Data and Personal Information.  Such safeguards will include maintaining compliance with prevailing industry standards, including the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, establishing procedures to prevent any of its employees or agents from using any Third Party Data or Personal Information for personal reasons or transferring any such information to any third party (other than as provided in this Agreement).  DMS will, as allowed by Applicable Laws, promptly notify Intersections of any actual or suspected unauthorized access to Third Party Data or Personal Information as outlined in Exhibit C.    
   
  *****  
 Intersections shall maintain   the security of logon identification credentials used by Intersections and Intersections  employees and its authorized users to gain access to the Services. Intersections will implement any credentialing or procedures reasonably requested by DMS from time to time to maintain security of access to the Services.  
   
 Section 4.   Term  .  The initial term of this Agreement shall be a period of one year, commencing on the Effective Date. Unless earlier terminated pursuant to the terms and conditions hereof, this Agreement shall automatically be extended for successive terms of one year each, unless either party shall give the other party written notice of its election not to extend the term 30 days prior to the conclusion of the then-current term.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, DMS may immediately discontinue offering the Services, or any part thereof, in the event DMS is no longer authorized to provide the Third Party Data pursuant to Intersections  or DMS  arrangements with the Data Providers.   
   
 This document is confidential and the proprietary information of Digital Matrix Systems, Inc. and shall not be disclosed without written permission. 
 Digital Matrix Systems, Inc.                                                                                                                                                                    Page 3 of 20 
 API Processing Services August 2016 
 NY 76406503v1 
 
  SPECIFIC TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN SEPARATELY FILED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH FIVE ASTERIKS (*****).  

15301 Spectrum Drive, Second Floor, Addison, TX 75001  

Section 5.    Conditions of Use of the Services  .  
   
 (a) As a condition to DMS providing the Servic es hereunder, Intersections agrees that Intersections and its affiliates will use the Services and Credit Information only for a permissible purpose under the federal Fair Credit Reporting Act 15 U.S.C.   1681  et seq. , as amended ( FCRA ) and that DMS  Services will not directly or indirectly violate or interfere with the terms of any other agreement to which Intersections is a party. 

(b)   
 
 Intersections will implement strict security procedures designed to ensure that Intersections  employees and its authorized users use the Services in accordance with the Agreement.   Intersections will treat and hold the Services in strict confidence and will restrict access to the Services to Intersections  employees and authorized users who agree to act in accordance with the confidentiality requirements set forth in Section 15 hereof. Intersections will inform Intersections  employees and authorized users to whom any Third Party Data is disclosed of the provisions of this Section 5(b).      

(c) Intersections acknowledges t he proprietary and confidential nature of the Services, and that the Services are, will continue to be the exclusive property of DMS, and shall be used only as authorized in writing by DMS.  DMS grants to Intersections a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable and non-assignable or sublicensable license to access and use the Services and any other data or information that is proprietary to DMS for purposes authorized by this Agreement.  Intersections will require its employees and authorized users that have access to the Services to comply with all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement, and if any of such persons breach this Agreement such breach shall be deemed a breach of this Agreement by Intersections.  Except as expressly set forth in this Section 5(c), nothing contained in this Agreement shall be deemed to convey to Intersections, Intersections  affiliates, employees, agents, authorized users or to any other party, any right, title or interest, including any patent, copyright, trademark or other proprietary right, in or to the Services or any other data or information that is proprietary to DMS.  Intersections will not use or permit its affiliates, employees, agents, subcontractors and authorized users to use the trademarks, service marks, logos, names or other proprietary designations of DMS without its prior written consent. 
   
 Section 6.   Fees  .  In consideration for the Services provided hereunder, Intersections shall pay to DMS the following fees:  
   
 (a)  A one-time Implementation Fee of $ *****  that shall be billable upon execution of this Agreement. 
   
   (b)  Third Party Data Processing and Retention Services shall be billed in equal installments per month (the  Monthly Fee ) not to exceed the amount set forth in the applicable Contract Year below.  A Contract Year shall be defined as each 12-month period, with the first  
 This document is confidential and the proprietary information of Digital Matrix Systems, Inc. and shall not be disclosed without written permission. 
 Digital Matrix Systems, Inc.                                                                                                                                                                    Page 4 of 20 
 API Processing Services August 2016 
 NY 76406503v1 
 
  SPECIFIC TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN SEPARATELY FILED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH FIVE ASTERIKS (*****).  

15301 Spectrum Drive, Second Floor, Addison, TX 75001  

Contract Year One beginning with the earlier of (1) the date of Acceptance by Intersections, and (2) live production processing by Intersections, and each successive 12-month period thereafter.     The pricing for the for each Contract Year is as set forth below:   

(i)   
 
 Contract Year One $ *****     

(ii)   
 
 Contract Year Two $ *****     

(iii)   
 
 Contract Year Three  *****     

(iv)   
 
 The initial Monthly Fee shall be due upon customer the earlier of (1) the date of Acceptance, and (2) live production processing by Intersections using the Services.    

Intersections agrees to pay DMS within 30 days of the receipt of each DMS invoice.  DMS may assess a late charge of  ***** % per month or the highest rate allowed by law, whichever is less, on past due invoices.  Intersections obligation to pay invoiced amounts is absolute and unconditional and not subject to any offset, defense or counterclaim.  Failure to timely pay such fees may result in discontinuation of Services. 
   
 Section 7.  Maintenance Services and Enhancement .     
   
 During the term of this Agreement, DMS will provide to Intersections telephone support  in accordance with the provisions of the Service Level Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit A.  
   
  The Services will be subject to DMS  standard maintenance services which shall include, in addition to the obligations outlined in Exhibit A, (1) routine changes instigated by the Data Providers within data layout, version, and format changes in order to continue delivery of the Services as outlined herein; (2) corrections of Errors as defined in Exhibit A; and (3) SLA reporting as outlined in Exhibit A.  
   
  Enhancements, including access to new Data Providers or other third party data suppliers, formats, and report types, to be defined by mutual agreement of the parties, including any additional fees for the Services provided pursuant to this Agreement.  
   
 Section 8.   Disclaimer of Warranty  .  Intersections acknowledges that the Services provided hereunder entail the possibility of some human and/or machine errors, omissions, delays and losses, including errors in the Third Party Data, or delays caused by the Data Providers or Internet delivery of the Services, which may give rise to loss or damage.   ACCORDINGLY, DMS DOES NOT GUARANTEE OR WARRANT THE ACCURACY, TIMELINESS, COMPLETENESS, CURRENTNESS, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OF THE SERVICES, THE THIRD PARTY DATA.     
   
 Section 9.   Insurance .  Each party represents that as of the Effective Date it has, and agrees that it shall maintain in force during the Term, at least the insurance coverage set forth below:  
 This document is confidential and the proprietary information of Digital Matrix Systems, Inc. and shall not be disclosed without written permission. 
 Digital Matrix Systems, Inc.                                                                                                                                                                    Page 5 of 20 
 API Processing Services August 2016 
 NY 76406503v1 
 
  SPECIFIC TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN SEPARATELY FILED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH FIVE ASTERIKS (*****).  

15301 Spectrum Drive, Second Floor, Addison, TX 75001  

(a)   
 
          Statutory workers  compensation covering all state and local statutory requirements;     

(b)   
 
   Employer s liability with a limit of $ *****  for one or more claims arising from each accident;    

(c)   
 
   Commercial general liability, including coverage for completed operations, products liability and contractual operations;    

(d)   
 
   Professional liability for errors and omissions with a limit of $ ***** ; and    

(e)   
 
          Crime and Fidelity Insurance with a limit of $  *****  .     

The limits of coverage for section (c) above shall be $ *****  per occurrence combined single limit bodily injury and property damage plus $ *****  excess or umbrella liability coverage.  DMS shall cause its insurers to (i) waive all rights of subrogation against     the other party, and its officers, directors and employees; and (ii) each party shall furnish the other party certificates of insurance evidencing that the above insurance is in effect and otherwise complies with the requirements of this Insurance Section. 
   
      No party shall be required to indemnify another party under this Agreement to the extent insurance coverage is available to cover the liability in question unless the insurance company has not paid (or only partially paid) the claim within 60 days of the   date the claim is reported.  Otherwise, the   carrying by a party of the insurance required herein shall in no way be interpreted as relieving the insured party of any other obligations it may have under the Agreement.  
   
 Section 10.   Limitation of Liability  .  Except for a Party s breach of Indemnification (Section 11), or Security (Section 3), for all other claims relating to this Agreement, whether in contract, tort, strict liability, or otherwise, each Party s sole and exclusive remedy shall be the recovery of actual, direct damages, not to exceed $  *****  .    ***** . 
   
 Section 11.   Indemnification .   Intersections will indemnify, and defend and hold DMS and its affiliated entities, officers, directors, employees, contractors and agents harmless from and against any and all liabilities, damages, losses, claims, costs and expenses, including reasonable attorney s fees, which may be asserted against or incurred by the foregoing parties, arising out of or resulting from:   *****  .  
   
     DMS will indemnify, and defend and hold   Intersections and  its affiliated entities, officers, directors, employees, contractors and agents harmless from and against any and all liabilities, damages, losses, claims, costs and expenses, including reasonable attorney s fees, which may be asserted against or incurred by the foregoing parties, arising out of or resulting from:  ***** .    
   
 This document is confidential and the proprietary information of Digital Matrix Systems, Inc. and shall not be disclosed without written permission. 
 Digital Matrix Systems, Inc.                                                                                                                                                                    Page 6 of 20 
 API Processing Services August 2016 
 NY 76406503v1 
 
  SPECIFIC TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN SEPARATELY FILED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH FIVE ASTERIKS (*****).  

15301 Spectrum Drive, Second Floor, Addison, TX 75001  

Section 12.    Termination; Remedies  .  (a)  Either party shall be in default if it fails to perform any of its duties or obligations hereunder and does not cure such fail  ure within 30 (thirty) days after written notice is given to the defaulting party.  Upon a default, the non-defaulting party may terminate this Agreement by providing written notice of termination to the defaulting party, reserving unto the non-defaulting   party all rights and remedies it may have under this Agreement or may otherwise have at law or in equity.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, DMS may immediately cease providing the Services or access thereto to Intersections if (i) DMS believes in its reasona  ble judgment that Intersections has failed to comply with any of its obligations hereunder, including in particular, Section 5 of this Agreement, (ii) for any reason one or more of the Data Providers ceases to provide the Third Party Data to DMS or Interse  ctions, or (iii) DMS receives reliable information from Intersections, law enforcement authorities, accredited news reports (i.e. a recognized, documented news source rather than an anonymous blog or its equivalent), or other reputable third parties that I  ntersections or any of Intersections  officers, directors, managers, shareholders, members, partners, employees, agents, or affiliates has engaged in, or is suspected to have engaged in, illegal or fraudulent activities, whether related to the provision of   Services under this Agreement or otherwise.    *****  .     
   
 (b) The provisions of Sections 8, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17 and 18 shall survive any expiration or termination of this Agreement, for any reason or of DMS  obligation to provide the Services hereunder. 
   
 Section 13.   Taxes and Other Charges  .  In addition to all amounts payable by Intersections hereunder, Intersections will pay amounts equal to all sales, use, personal property and other taxes resulting from this Agreement or any activities under this Agreement, excluding taxes based on DMS  net income, unless Intersections furnishes annual proof of exemption from payment of such taxes in a form reasonably acceptable to DMS.  DMS may separately reflect on its invoices to Intersections the amount of any taxes paid by DMS on Intersections  behalf, and Intersections shall pay DMS for such amounts.  
   
 Section 14.   Nonsolicitation .     
   
 (a) Neither party shall, during the term of this Agreement and for a period of one year after termination of this Agreement,  either directly or indirectly, recruit or hire or attempt to recruit or hire, directly or indirectly, any employee, consultant or independent contractor of the other party. Neither party shall be prohibited from responding to or hiring employees of the other party who inquire about employment on their own accord or in response to a public advertisement or employment solicitation in general. 
   
   (b) Each party agrees that a breach or violation of this Section 14 may cause irreparable injury for which the non-br eaching party would have no adequate remedy at law, and that the non-breaching party will be entitled to preliminary or other injunctive relief issued by any court or arbitration panel of competent jurisdiction, restraining any such breach or violation.  Such  
 This document is confidential and the proprietary information of Digital Matrix Systems, Inc. and shall not be disclosed without written permission. 
 Digital Matrix Systems, Inc.                                                                                                                                                                    Page 7 of 20 
 API Processing Services August 2016 
 NY 76406503v1 
 
  SPECIFIC TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN SEPARATELY FILED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH FIVE ASTERIKS (*****).  

15301 Spectrum Drive, Second Floor, Addison, TX 75001  

injunctive relief will be in addition to, and in no way in limitation of any other remedies or rights that the non-breaching party may have at law or in equity.  
   
 (c)  In the event any restriction set forth in this Section 14 is deemed to be unenforceab le for being overly broad, the parties agree to amend the applicable provision as necessary to make it enforceable to the maximum extent legally permitted.  
   
     Section 15.   Confidentiality .     Each party (each, a  Receiving Party ) understands and agrees     that in the performance by the other party (each, a  Disclosing Party ) of its duties hereunder  ,   the Disclosing Party will communicate to the Receiving Party certain confidential and proprietary information concerning the business     of the Disclosing Party, and c  ertain know-how, technology, techniques, computer code for software products proprietary to the Disclosing Party, whether in source code or object code form and related documentation,   and customer lists, all of which are confidential, proprietary information and trade secrets of the Disclosing Party (collectively the "Confidential Information"). The Receiving Party agrees to hold and protect all such Confidential Information and shall not, unless authorized pursuant to this Agreement of with specific prior written consent of an authorized officer of the Disclosing Party, utilize in any manner, communicate or disclose any part thereof to any third party. The Receiving Party shall require all of its employees, affiliates, subcontractors, agents, authorized users, as applicable, to maintain the confidentiality of the Disclosing Party s Confidential Information in accordance with this Agreement. Confidential Information shall not include information that the Receiving Party can show by documented evidence: (a) is now or subsequently becomes lawfully known through no fault of the Receiving Party; (b) is known by the Receiving Party at the time of disclosure and is not subject to restriction; (c) is lawfully obtained from a third party who has the right to make such disclosure; or (d) is required to be disclosed by lawful process, provided that the Receiving Party shall provide the Disclosing Party with timely notice in order for the Disclosing Party to seek a protective order or otherwise object.  Each party acknowledges that (i) the restrictions contained in this Section 15 are reasonable and necessary to protect the other party s legitimate interests, (ii) remedies at law will be inadequate and any violation of these restrictions will cause irreparable damage to the Disclosing Party within a short period of time, and (iii) the Disclosing Party will be entitled to injunctive relief against each violation. Each party further agrees that all confidentiality commitments hereunder shall survive termination of this Agreement for any reason.   
   
 Section 16.   Data Ownership and Storage  .      *****  .  Such electronic records will be maintained as confidential by DMS, subject to any disclosure mandated by the Fair Credit Reporting Act or other Applicable Laws.                                         
   
 Section 17.   Handling of Personal Information  .    *****  .  
   
 Section 18.   General Terms and Conditions  .    
   
 This document is confidential and the proprietary information of Digital Matrix Systems, Inc. and shall not be disclosed without written permission. 
 Digital Matrix Systems, Inc.                                                                                                                                                                    Page 8 of 20 
 API Processing Services August 2016 
 NY 76406503v1 
 
  SPECIFIC TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN SEPARATELY FILED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH FIVE ASTERIKS (*****).  

15301 Spectrum Drive, Second Floor, Addison, TX 75001  

(a)      Entire Agreement  .  This Agreement contains the entire understanding of the parties with respect to its subject matter, and supersedes any and all related prior understandings and agreements, oral or written.  This Agreement cannot be modified or   amended except in writing signed by both parties.  
   
 (b)    Force Majeure .  Either Party shall be excused from delays in performing or from its failure to perform hereunder, and such delays or failures shall not constitute breaches of this Agreement, to the extent that such delays or failures result from causes beyond its reasonable control, including but not limited to the acts or omissions of the Data Providers ( e.g. , one or more of the Data Providers ceases to provide the Third Party Data to DMS or Intersections for any reason), delay and interruptions in sending and receiving Third Party Data  via  the Internet, denial of service attacks, labor disputes, strikes or other labor or industrial disturbances, acts of God, floods, lightning, shortages of materials, utility or communication failures, earthquakes, casualty, war, riots, insurrections, embargoes, regulations or orders from any governments, or any agency or subdivision thereof; provided that, in order to be excused from delay or failure to perform, DMS must act diligently to remedy the cause of such delay or failure. 
   
 (c)   Independent Contracto r.  DMS is providing the Services to Intersections as an independent contractor.  DMS does not undertake by this Agreement or otherwise to perform any obligation of Intersections, whether by regulation or contract, unless specified in writing. 
   
 (d)     Governing Law .   THE VALIDITY, CONSTRUCTION AND PERFORMANCE OF THIS AGREEMENT, AND THE LEGAL RELATIONS AMONG THE PARTIES SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF TEXAS.  
   
 (e)     Dispute Resolution .  With the exception of any action taken under Section 5, 12 and 15 of this Agreement, the parties shall resolve any dispute arising out of or relating to this Agreement in binding arbitration conducted in accordance with the then pertaining rules for commercial arbitration of the American Arbitration Association by a single arbitrator selected by the American Arbitration Association or an arbitrator agreed upon by the parties.  Any such arbitration shall be held in Dallas, Texas unless the parties otherwise agree.  The parties shall be entitled to conduct reasonable discovery, in accordance with the Texas Rules of Civil Procedure and applicable case law, prior to the arbitration hearing, and the Texas Rules of Evidence shall be applicable to the arbitration proceeding.  The decision of the arbitrators shall be final and binding on DMS and Intersections and may be entered and enforced in any court of competent jurisdiction by either party. 
   
   (f)     Severability .  This Agreement shall be deemed to be severable and, if any provision of this Agreement shall be finally determined to be void, illegal or unenforceable, then it is the parties  desire and intention that such provision be deemed automatically adjusted to the minimum  
 This document is confidential and the proprietary information of Digital Matrix Systems, Inc. and shall not be disclosed without written permission. 
 Digital Matrix Systems, Inc.                                                                                                                                                                    Page 9 of 20 
 API Processing Services August 2016 
 NY 76406503v1 
 
  SPECIFIC TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN SEPARATELY FILED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH FIVE ASTERIKS (*****).  

15301 Spectrum Drive, Second Floor, Addison, TX 75001  

extent necessary to conform to applicable requirements of validity, legality and enforceability and, as so adjusted, be deemed a provision of this Agreement as if it were originally included herein; provided, however, if such provision   cannot be adjusted without substantially and materially altering the rights and duties hereunder and fundamentally depriving one party of the benefit of the bargain (taken as a whole) contemplated by this Agreement, then the parties will seek to reform thi  s Agreement through the procedure outlined in Section 18(e) above so as to restore, as nearly as possible, the parties  respective rights, duties, and bargain.  In any case, the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall remain in effect.  
   
 (g)     No Waiver .  No delay or omission by either party hereto to exercise any right or power occurring upon any non-compliance or default by the other party with respect to any of the terms of this Agreement shall impair any such right or power or be construed to be a waiver thereof.  A waiver by either of the parties hereto of any of the covenants, conditions or agreements to be performed by the other shall not be construed to be a waiver of any succeeding breach thereof or of any other covenant, condition, or agreement herein contained.  Unless otherwise stated, all remedies provided for in this Agreement shall be cumulative and in addition to and not in lieu of any other remedies available to either party at law, in equity, or otherwise. 
   
 (h)     Notices .  Under this Agreement, if one party is required or permitted to give notice to the other, such notice shall be deemed given if mailed by registered or certified first class mail, postage paid with return receipt requested, or if sent by facsimile, with receipt confirmed, and addressed as follows (or as subsequently noticed to the other party): 
   
 Digital Matrix Systems, Inc. 
 15301 Spectrum Drive, 2 nd  Floor 
 Addison, TX 75001-6466 
 ATTN:  Contracts Department 
 Telephone: (972) 341-0000 
 Fax:  (972) 341-3600 
   
 Intersections Inc. 
 President, Identity Guard 
 3901 Stonecroft Blvd. 
 Chantilly, VA  20151 
 ATTN: President, Identity Guard  
 CC: Chief Risk Officer   Chief Legal Officer 
 Fax: (703) 488-1757 
   
   (i)     Binding Effect; No Assignment .  This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon and enforceable against each party and it successors and assigns.  Intersections may not sell, assign, convey, sublicense or transfer this Agreement or its rights or obligations hereunder  
 This document is confidential and the proprietary information of Digital Matrix Systems, Inc. and shall not be disclosed without written permission. 
 Digital Matrix Systems, Inc.                                                                                                                                                                    Page 10 of 20 
 API Processing Services August 2016 
 NY 76406503v1 
 
  SPECIFIC TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN SEPARATELY FILED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH FIVE ASTERIKS (*****).  

15301 Spectrum Drive, Second Floor, Addison, TX 75001  

through merger, acquisition, sale of all or substantially all of Intersections' assets, or otherwise without the prior written consent of DMS.  Any assignment, transfer, conveyance or sublicense in violation of this paragraph shall be null and void.  
   
 (j)    Authority.   DMS and Intersections each represent to the other that the execution, delivery, and performance of this Agreement by such party have been duly approved by all necessary corporate action, and do not conflict with, or result in a material breach of the articles of incorporation or by-laws of such party, any material agreement by which such party is bound, or any law, regulation, rule, judgment, or decree of any governmental instrumentality or court having competent jurisdiction over such party.  Each party further represents that this Agreement has been duly executed by such party and constitutes a valid and legally binding obligation of such party enforceable in accordance with its terms. 

Signature Page Follows 
     
 This document is confidential and the proprietary information of Digital Matrix Systems, Inc. and shall not be disclosed without written permission. 
 Digital Matrix Systems, Inc.                                                                                                                                                                    Page 11 of 20 
 API Processing Services August 2016 
 NY 76406503v1 
 
  SPECIFIC TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN SEPARATELY FILED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH FIVE ASTERIKS (*****).  

15301 Spectrum Drive, Second Floor, Addison, TX 75001  

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties   have executed this Agreement as of the date first written above.  

DIGITAL MATRIX SYSTEMS, INC. 

By:  
 
 /s/ David McGough  

Name:  
 
 David McGough  

Title:  
 
 CEO, Digital Matrix Systems, Inc.  

INTERSECTIONS INC. 

By:  
 
 /s/ Johan J. Roets  

Name:  
 
 Johan J. Roets  

Title:  
 
 President, Identity Guard  

This document is confidential and the proprietary information of Digital Matrix Systems, Inc. and shall not be disclosed without written permission. 
 Digital Matrix Systems, Inc.                                                                                                                                                                    Page 12 of 20 
 API Processing Services August 2016 
 NY 76406503v1 
 
  SPECIFIC TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN SEPARATELY FILED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH FIVE ASTERIKS (*****).  

15301 Spectrum Drive, Second Floor, Addison, TX 75001  

Exhibit A   Service Level Agreement  
   
 THIS EXHIBIT A ( Exhibit A ) is attached to and made a part of the DATA SERVICES AGREEMENT dated September 26, 2016 (the   Agreement  ), by and between Intersections Inc. (  Intersections  ) and Digital Matrix Systems (  DMS  ).  Capitalized terms used in this Exhibit A have the meanings attributed to them in the Agreement. 
   
 1. Product and Services Support.    DMS will respond to Intersections  request for support services (   Support   ) regarding the DMS Services in accordance with the procedures identified below.  In each case, Intersections may describe the problem by telephone, facsimile or electronic mail.  DMS shall use commercially reasonable efforts to meet the obligations under this Exhibit A.   
   
  Telephone Support  .  As part of DMS Services, DMS shall provide technical support personnel accessible by toll-free telephone on a 24/7 basis for the resolution of technical questions and DMS Services Errors as further defined and described herein.  Without limitation of the foregoing, DMS shall provide to Intersections, without additional charge, all reasonably necessary telephone consultation requested in connection with Intersections  use and operation of the DMS Services or any problems therewith.  
   
  Notice of Errors; Error Correction  .  As part of Support, DMS shall provide the services set forth below:  
   
 (a)   Error Classifications .  Each error or problem with the DMS Services (  Error  ) encountered by Intersections and under the responsibility of DMS as provided for in this Agreement will be classified into one of the following classifications:  
   
 (i)   Class 1 Error .  A   Class 1 Error   is any Error that renders continued use of the Services either impossible or substantially interrupts the use of the Services or normal business operations of Intersections. 
 (ii)   Class 2 Error .  A   Class 2 Error   is any material nonconformance of the Services with its specifications, documentation or the applicable Exhibit A that is not a Class 1 Error. 
 (iii)   Class 3 Error .  A   Class 3 Error   is any Error that is not a Class 1 Error or a Class 2 Error. 
 (iv)   Notification of Errors and Escalation .  DMS shall provide to Intersections a contact person for Intersections to contact in order to report an Error or to notify DMS that Support is not being provided as set forth herein.  
   (iv)   Response to Error Notification.   Intersections will inform DMS of the Error Class when initially contacting DMS.  The Error class will be used to determine DMS s required response time to Intersections.  From the time that an Error was reported to DMS, DMS shall respond to Intersections prior to expiration of the times listed below for each  
 This document is confidential and the proprietary information of Digital Matrix Systems, Inc. and shall not be disclosed without written permission. 
 Digital Matrix Systems, Inc.                                                                                                                                                                    Page 13 of 20 
 API Processing Services August 2016 
 NY 76406503v1 
 
  SPECIFIC TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN SEPARATELY FILED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH FIVE ASTERIKS (*****).  

15301 Spectrum Drive, Second Floor, Addison, TX 75001  

class of Error.   The beginning point for calculation of the response time is when a voice message or digital page is left with the DMS contact person at 1-800-367-1800.    

*****   
 
  *****   

*****   
 
  *****   

*****   
 
  *****   

*****   
 
  *****   

(b) Documentation and Correction of Errors.  
   
 (i)   Class 1 Errors and Class 2 Errors .  For any Class 1 Error or Class 2 Error, Intersections shall provide DMS sufficient documentation to enable DMS to reproduce the Error and DMS shall then take all reasonably necessary steps to supply a correction to Intersections as soon as practicable.  If DMS is unable to reproduce a Class 1 Error or Class 2 Error, the parties will work in good faith to correct such Error on a mutually agreed-upon schedule.  This will include assigning qualified, dedicated staff to work on the Error.  Upon detecting or being notified of a Class 1 Error or Class 2 Error, DMS shall assemble the appropriate personnel to analyze the problem, identify potential solutions and determine the best plan of action (which may include providing a temporary work-around until a permanent correction can be provided).  Intersections shall be permitted to participate in this process.  A DMS representative shall keep Intersections continuously informed of the status.  If DMS provides Intersections with a workaround for a Class 1 Error, such Error will be re-classified as a Class 2 Error. 
   
 (ii)   Class 3 Errors .  For any Class 3 Error, DMS shall work with Intersections to document the Error through mutually established standards.  Class 3 Errors shall be resolved according to mutually agreed priorities.  DMS personnel shall be dedicated to resolving Class 3 Errors through DMS s normal software support procedures, but in any event, each Class 3 Error shall be resolved no later than the date of next release of the applicable software and DMS Services. 
   
 2.  Scheduled Maintenance and Notifications     
 Standard Maintenance Windows.   DMS will use commercially reasonable efforts to schedule maintenance on Sundays between the hours of 12:01am and 4:00 am Central Time North America.  
   
 Notification of Scheduled Maintenance Downtime.   DMS will notify Intersections of any Scheduled Maintenance Downtime that will occur outside of the Standard Maintenance Windows outlined above.  Except in cases of emergency, notification will be provided at least one business day prior to such downtime.  In cases of emergency, DMS will use commercially reasonable efforts to notify Intersections of a planned downtime as soon as practicable.    
 This document is confidential and the proprietary information of Digital Matrix Systems, Inc. and shall not be disclosed without written permission. 
 Digital Matrix Systems, Inc.                                                                                                                                                                    Page 14 of 20 
 API Processing Services August 2016 
 NY 76406503v1 
 
  SPECIFIC TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN SEPARATELY FILED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH FIVE ASTERIKS (*****).  

15301 Spectrum Drive, Second Floor, Addison, TX 75001  

3.     
 
 Detailed Service Level Requirements SLA for the following:     

(a)   
 
  *****     

(b)   
 
  *****     

(c)   
 
  *****     

(d)   
 
  *****     

*****   
 
  *****   
 
  *****   
 
  *****   
 
  *****   

*****   
 
  *****   
 
  *****   
 
  *****   
 
  *****   

*****   
 
  *****   
 
  *****   
 
  *****   
 
  *****   
 
  *****   

*****   
 
  *****   
 
  *****   
 
  *****   
 
  *****   
 
  *****   

*****   
 
  *****   
 
  *****   
 
  *****   
 
  *****   
 
  *****   

*****   
 
  *****   
 
  *****   
 
  *****   
 
  *****   
 
  *****   

*****   
 
  *****   
 
  *****   
 
  *****   
 
  *****   

*****   
 
  *****   
 
  *****   
 
  *****   
 
  *****   

*****   
 
  *****   
 
  *****   
 
  *****   
 
  *****   

*****   
 
  *****   
 
  *****   
 
  *****   
 
  *****   

This document is confidential and the proprietary information of Digital Matrix Systems, Inc. and shall not be disclosed without written permission. 
 Digital Matrix Systems, Inc.                                                                                                                                                                    Page 15 of 20 
 API Processing Services August 2016 
 NY 76406503v1 
 
  SPECIFIC TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN SEPARATELY FILED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH FIVE ASTERIKS (*****).  

15301 Spectrum Drive, Second Floor, Addison, TX 75001  

*****   
 
  *****   
 
  *****   
 
  *****   
 
  *****   

*****   
 
  *****   
 
  *****   
 
  *****   
 
  *****   

*****   
 
  *****   
 
  *****   
 
  *****   
 
  *****   
 
  *****   

*****   
 
  *****   
 
  *****   
 
  *****   
 
  *****   
 
  *****   

*****   
 
  *****   
 
  *****   
 
  *****   
 
  *****   

*****   
 
  *****   
 
  *****   
 
  *****   
 
  *****   

*****   

(1)   ***** . 
   
 (2)   ***** . 
   
  *****  .  

*****  :     

*****  
   
 Recovery Time Objective (RTO)   DMS shall have twenty-four (24) hours to restore the Services outlined in the Agreement in the event of a disaster or major disruption in the Services. 
   
 Recovery Point Objective (RPO)   DMS shall restore the datavault application data associated with the Services with a forty-eight (48) hour maximum loss of data measured from the point of any failure of the Services as outlined in the RTO. 
   
 The RPO and RTO shall each be an SLA Requirement. 
   
 SLA Penalties   during the initial ninety (90) days of the Services, the parties agree that no SLA penalties shall apply until the parties mutually agree on the final SLA Requirements. 
 This document is confidential and the proprietary information of Digital Matrix Systems, Inc. and shall not be disclosed without written permission. 
 Digital Matrix Systems, Inc.                                                                                                                                                                    Page 16 of 20 
 API Processing Services August 2016 
 NY 76406503v1 
 
  SPECIFIC TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN SEPARATELY FILED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH FIVE ASTERIKS (*****).  

15301 Spectrum Drive, Second Floor, Addison, TX 75001  

o   
 
  In the event DMS fails to meet individual SLA Requirements as measured over the course of a calendar month period, DMS shall pay Intersections 3% of the monthly Third Party Data Processing and Retention Services fee for each SLA Requirement not met (with maximum payment in any month of 12%) reported by Intersections and confirmed by DMS or reported by DMS and confirmed by Intersections.       

o   
 
  Ten percent (10%) of the monthly Third Party Data Processing and Retention Services fee shall be credited to Intersections for availability of the Services at less than 95% as measured over a calendar month period.     

4.   SLA Reporting.  DMS shall provide reporting to Intersections, no later than the 10 th  business day of each month for the previous month, to verify its compliance with SLAs set forth in this Section 3 of this Exhibit A.   

This document is confidential and the proprietary information of Digital Matrix Systems, Inc. and shall not be disclosed without written permission. 
 Digital Matrix Systems, Inc.                                                                                                                                                                    Page 17 of 20 
 API Processing Services August 2016 
 NY 76406503v1 
 
  SPECIFIC TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN SEPARATELY FILED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH FIVE ASTERIKS (*****).  

15301 Spectrum Drive, Second Floor, Addison, TX 75001  

Exhibit B   Data Providers and Data   Retention Services Include:  
   
  *****  

This document is confidential and the proprietary information of Digital Matrix Systems, Inc. and shall not be disclosed without written permission. 
 Digital Matrix Systems, Inc.                                                                                                                                                                    Page 18 of 20 
 API Processing Services August 2016 
 NY 76406503v1 
 
  SPECIFIC TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN SEPARATELY FILED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH FIVE ASTERIKS (*****).  

15301 Spectrum Drive, Second Floor, Addison, TX 75001  

EXHIBIT C  
 Information security requirements 
 1.   Purpose  .    *****  .  

2.   
 
  Information Security Safeguards.     

 2.1   Appropriate Safeguards .   ***** .   
 a.   Standards   Practices .   ***** . 
 b.   Updates .   ***** . 
 2.2   Authorized Persons .   ***** . 
 2.3   DMS Information Security Policies .   ***** .  
 3.   Vulnerability Assessments .   *****  .     
 4.   Third Party Security Assessment Questionnaire .   ***** . 
 5.   Information Security Infrastructure . 
 5.1   Access Controls .   ***** . 
 5.2   Password Administration .   ***** .  
 5.3   Access Justification/Authorization Process .  ***** . 
 5.4   Encryption .   ***** .   
 5.5   Network and Host Security .   ***** . 
 6.   Permitted Uses and Disclosures of Personal Information .   *****.  
 7.   Security Breach Management . 
 7.1   Notice .   ***** .  
 7.2.   Remediation .   ***** . 
 7.3.   Customer Notices .   ***** . 
 8.   Return of Records .   ***** . 
 This document is confidential and the proprietary information of Digital Matrix Systems, Inc. and shall not be disclosed without written permission. 
 Digital Matrix Systems, Inc.                                                                                                                                                                    Page 19 of 20 
 API Processing Services August 2016 
 NY 76406503v1 
 
  SPECIFIC TERMS IN THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FOR THOSE TERMS HAS BEEN REQUESTED. THE REDACTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN SEPARATELY FILED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND THE TERMS HAVE BEEN MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH FIVE ASTERIKS (*****).  

15301 Spectrum Drive, Second Floor, Addison, TX 75001  

This document is confidential and the proprietary information of Digital Matrix Systems, Inc. and shall not be disclosed without written permission. 
 Digital Matrix Systems, Inc.                                                                                                                                                                    Page 20 of 20 
 API Processing Services August 2016 
 NY 76406503v1  

</EX-10.2>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 intx-ex311_8.htm
 EX-31.1

intx-ex311_8.htm

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Michael R. Stanfield, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Intersections Inc.; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ Michael R. Stanfield  

Michael R. Stanfield  

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer  

Date: November 14, 2016 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 intx-ex312_11.htm
 EX-31.2

intx-ex312_11.htm

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Ronald L. Barden, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Intersections Inc.; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ Ronald L. Barden  

Ronald L. Barden  

Chief Financial Officer  

Date: November 14, 2016 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 intx-ex321_10.htm
 EX-32.1

intx-ex321_10.htm

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Michael R. Stanfield, Chief Executive Officer of Intersections Inc. (the  Company ), pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, do hereby certify as follows: 
 1. The quarterly report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
 2. The information contained in such Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have executed this Certification this 14th day of November 2016. 

/s/ Michael R. Stanfield  

Name:  
 
 Michael R. Stanfield  

Title:  
 
 Chief Executive Officer  

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Intersections Inc. and will be retained by Intersections Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 intx-ex322_12.htm
 EX-32.2

intx-ex322_12.htm

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Ronald L. Barden, Chief Financial Officer of Intersections Inc. (the  Company ), pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, do hereby certify as follows: 
 1. The quarterly report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
 2. The information contained in such Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have executed this Certification this 14th day of November 2016. 

/s/ Ronald L. Barden  

Name:  
 
 Ronald L. Barden  

Title:  
 
 Chief Financial Officer  

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Intersections Inc. and will be retained by Intersections Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 10
 intx-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 intx-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 intx-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 intx-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 intx-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 intx-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

