<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161108_10-Q_edgar_data_1610532_0001193125-16-762964_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4490812</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>208549</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>275992</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>717234</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1953273</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1163045</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>31</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-762964.hdr.sgml : 20161108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161108160708
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-762964
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		68
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Hortonworks, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001610532
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				371634325
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36780
		FILM NUMBER:		161981354

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5470 GREAT AMERICA PARKWAY
		CITY:			SANTA CLARA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95054
		BUSINESS PHONE:		408-916-4121

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5470 GREAT AMERICA PARKWAY
		CITY:			SANTA CLARA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95054

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-762964.txt : 20161108

10-Q
 1
 d235638d10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Form 10-Q 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES   
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
  Washington, D.C. 20549        
       FORM 10-Q
            
  (Mark One)   
 
  For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016       
 
  For the transition period from
                       to
                         
  Commission File Number 001-36780        
       Hortonworks,
Inc.      (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its Charter)   

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: (408) 916-4121   
         
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past
90 days.    YES         NO       
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required
to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit and post such
files).    YES         NO       
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See
the definition of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer,  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):  

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
   
      (Do not check if a small reporting company) 
    
 Small reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act).  YES         NO       
 The number of shares of Registrant s Common Stock outstanding as of November 1, 2016 was 60,762,211.  

Table of Contents  

     Table of Contents   

Page  

PART I   
   
  FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1.  
   
  Financial Statements (unaudited)  

1 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  

1 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months
 ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   

2 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   

3 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  

4 

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  

5 

Item 2.  
   
  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  

19 

Item 3.  
   
  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  

28 

Item 4.  
   
  Controls and Procedures  

28 

PART II   
   
  OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1.  
   
  Legal Proceedings  

30 

Item 1A.  
   
  Risk Factors  

31 

Item 2.  
   
  Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  

49 

Item 6.  
   
  Exhibits  

50 

Table of Contents  

     PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item 1.  
  Financial Statements.        HORTONWORKS, INC.   
    Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets   
   (In thousands, except share and per share data)    
  (Unaudited)       
    See accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements.   
      1  

Table of Contents  

   HORTONWORKS, INC.   
    Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations   
   (In thousands, except share and per share data)    
  (Unaudited)       
    See accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements.   
      2  

Table of Contents  

   HORTONWORKS, INC.   
    Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss   
   (In thousands)    
  (Unaudited)       
    See accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements.   
      3  

Table of Contents  

   HORTONWORKS, INC.   
    Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows   
   (In thousands)    
  (Unaudited)       
    See accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements.   
      4  

Table of Contents  

   HORTONWORKS, INC.   
    Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)      1. DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS
AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES       Description of Business    
 Hortonworks, Inc. (the  Company ) was incorporated in Delaware in 2011 and is an industry leading innovator that creates, distributes
and supports enterprise-ready open data platforms and modern data applications that deliver actionable intelligence from all data: data-in-motion and data-at-rest. The Company s mission is to enable transformational business outcomes powered by
modern data architecture with Open Enterprise Hadoop at its foundation. The Company s Open Enterprise Hadoop solutions include the Hortonworks Data Platform ( HDP  ), powered by Apache  Hadoop   , and the Hortonworks DataFlow Platform ( HDF  ), powered by Apache NiFi. HDP is an enterprise-scale data management platform that enables a centralized architecture for running
batch, interactive and real-time applications simultaneously across shared datasets with the comprehensive security, governance and operational services enterprises require. HDF is complementary to HDP and accelerates the flow of data-in-motion from
any data type into HDP for full fidelity analytics.    The Company is focused on the development, distribution and support of the Hadoop
open source project and associated projects from the Apache Software Foundation ( Apache Hadoop  or  Hadoop ). Hadoop was originally developed in the early 2000s, when Yahoo! Inc. ( Yahoo! ), by partnering with the
Apache Hadoop community, led major innovations in the technology to help tackle big data challenges and operate its business at scale. Hadoop and its associated projects are managed as open source software projects by the Apache Software Foundation.
   Due to the increase in the volume and the variety of data, including new Internet of Things data types such as machine data, server log
data, geo-location data, clickstream data, sentiment data and other data generated by documents and other file types, the Company s solutions (HDP and HDF) have emerged as critical enablers for the modern data center architecture. The
Company s software development efforts are thus focused on creating an open platform by working in concert with the Apache community to develop HDP and HDF.  
 In December 2014, the Company completed its initial public offering and concurrent private placement (collectively, the  IPO ) of
7,673,986 shares of common stock, including 486,486 shares in a concurrent private placement and 937,500 shares of common stock from the full exercise of the option to purchase additional shares granted to the underwriters, at a price
of $16.00 per share. The Company received net cash proceeds of $109.6 million from the sale of shares of common stock. Immediately prior to the closing of the IPO, all shares of the Company s outstanding convertible
preferred stock automatically converted into 21,949,525 shares of common stock.    In February 2016, the Company completed a follow-on
public offering of an aggregate of 9,688,750 shares of its common stock, including 1,263,750 additional shares sold pursuant to the full exercise of the option to purchase additional shares by the underwriters, at a public offering price of $9.50
per share. Net proceeds to the Company were approximately $87.7 million after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses.  
   Basis of Presentation and Consolidation    
 The unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
( GAAP ) in the United States ( U.S. ) and applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission regarding interim financial reporting. These financial statements have been prepared on the same basis as the
Company s annual financial statements and, in the opinion of management, reflect all normal recurring adjustments, except as otherwise disclosed, that are necessary for a fair statement of the Company s results for the interim periods
presented. These interim financial results are not necessarily indicative of results expected for the full fiscal year or for any subsequent interim period.  
 The condensed consolidated financial statements and related financial information should be read in conjunction with the audited financial
statements and the related notes included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with
U.S. GAAP have been condensed or omitted. The condensed consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2015 was derived from the Company s audited financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2015, but does not include all
disclosures required by U.S. GAAP as permitted by the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission regarding interim financial reporting. However, the Company believes the disclosures are adequate to make the
information presented not be misleading.  
      5  

Table of Contents  

HORTONWORKS, INC.   
  Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       
  The condensed consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its
wholly owned subsidiaries. All intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation.    There have been no changes
to the Company s significant accounting policies described in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 that have had a material impact on the Company s condensed consolidated financial
statements and related notes.      Out-of-Period Adjustment    
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company recorded an out-of-period adjustment related to revenue recognition for
customer contracts with acceptance clauses, resulting in an increase of total revenue by approximately $0.7 million. The adjustment was primarily associated with the four quarterly periods ended December 31, 2015. The Company evaluated the
adjustment considering both quantitative and qualitative factors and concluded the adjustment was not material to previously issued and current period financial statements.  
   Correction of an Error in Previously Issued Financial Statements    
 Subsequent to the initial filing of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three and nine months ended September 30,
2015, the Company identified misstatements in certain revenue accounts related to prior periods. See reconciliation of prior periods for adjustments related to the recognition of revenue in the table below. Accordingly, the Company has corrected the
misstatements for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 in the accompanying financial statements. The Company assessed the materiality of these misstatements quantitatively and qualitatively and has concluded that the correction of
these errors are immaterial to the consolidated financial statements taken as a whole. The misstatements increased net loss by approximately $0.8 million and $2.0 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively, and
had no net impact on the balance sheet or cash flows from operating, investing or financing activities.      
 
      6  

Table of Contents  

HORTONWORKS, INC.   
  Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       
    Use of Estimates    
 The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that
affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, and expenses, the related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of expenses during the reporting
period. The Company bases its estimates and judgments on its historical experience, knowledge of current conditions and its beliefs regarding what may occur in the future given available information. Estimates, assumptions and judgments are used
for, but are not limited to, revenue recognition, stock-based awards and warrants, accounting for income taxes, allowance for doubtful accounts, valuation and determination of other-than-temporary impairments of notes receivable and certain accrued
liabilities. Actual results may differ from these estimates.      Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements    
 In August 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU )
No. 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments , which provides guidance to decrease the diversity in practice in how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and
classified in the statement of cash flows. The ASU is effective for public companies for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. The Company does not
anticipate that ASU 2016-15 will have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements.    In May 2014, FASB issued ASU
No. 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) , which requires an entity to recognize the amount of revenue to which it expects to be entitled for the transfer of promised goods or services to customers. In August 2015,
the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-14,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Deferral of Effective Date , which defers the effective date of ASU No. 2014-09 by one year allowing early adoption as of the original effective date
January 1, 2017. The deferral results in the new revenue standard being effective for the Company January 1, 2018. Additional ASUs have been issued to amend or clarify the new guidance in ASC Topic 606 as follows:  

ASU No. 2016-12  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Narrow-Scope Improvements and
Practical Expedients  was issued in May 2016. ASU No. 2016-12 amends the new revenue recognition standard to clarify the guidance on assessing collectability, measuring noncash consideration, presenting sales taxes and certain transition
matters.         

ASU No. 2016-10  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Identifying Performance Obligations
and Licensing  was issued in April 2016. ASU No. 2016-10 addresses implementation issues identified by the FASB-International Accounting Standards Board Joint Transition Resource Group for Revenue Recognition concerning identifying
performance obligations and accounting for licenses of intellectual property.         

ASU No. 2016-08  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Principal versus Agent
Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net)  was issued in March 2016. ASU No. 2016-08 requires an entity to determine whether the nature of its promise to provide goods or services to a customer is performed in a principal or agent
capacity and to recognize revenue in a gross or net manner based on its principal or agent designation.       The Company is
evaluating the effect that ASU 2014-09 and its related amendments will have on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. The Company has not yet selected a transition method nor has it determined the effect of the standard on
its ongoing financial reporting.    In March 2016, FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09,  Compensation-Stock Compensation: Improvements to
Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting , which simplifies several aspects of the accounting for employee share-based payment transactions for both public and nonpublic entities, including the accounting for income taxes, forfeitures, and
statutory tax withholding requirements, as well as classification in the statement of cash flows. The ASU is effective for public companies for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal years.
Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently assessing the impact that adopting this new accounting standard will have on its consolidated financial statements and footnote disclosures.  
 With the exception of the new standards discussed above, there have been no other recent accounting pronouncements or changes in accounting
pronouncements during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 that are of significance or potential significance to the Company, as compared to the recent accounting pronouncements described in Note 2 of the Company s Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.  
      7  

Table of Contents  

HORTONWORKS, INC.   
  Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       
   2. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS   
 The following table summarizes the investments in available-for-sale securities (in thousands):  
   
   The following table sets forth the fair value of the Company s financial assets and liabilities measured
on a recurring basis by level within the fair value hierarchy (in thousands):      
 
      8  

Table of Contents  

HORTONWORKS, INC.   
  Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       

   Where applicable, the Company uses quoted market prices in active markets for identical assets to determine
fair value. This pricing methodology applies to Level 1 investments, which are composed of money market funds and U.S. Treasury bills. If quoted prices in active markets for identical assets are not available, then the Company uses quoted
prices for similar assets or inputs other than quoted prices that are observable, either directly or indirectly. These investments are included in Level 2 and consist of commercial paper, certificates of deposit, corporate notes and bonds and
U.S. government securities. Commercial paper is valued using market prices, if available, adjusting for accretion of the purchase price to face value at maturity.  
 The Company entered into a three-year, $2.5 million promissory note receivable with a third-party service provider in February 2015,
which bears interest at 4 percent per annum. The promissory note receivable is valued on a non-recurring basis and is classified as held-to-maturity within long-term investments. The carrying amounts of accounts receivable, prepaid expenses,
accounts payable, accrued expenses and other current liabilities and accrued compensation and benefits approximate fair value. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company recognized an impairment charge of $0.7 million in
operating expenses related to the promissory note receivable, decreasing the carrying value to $2.0 million. The Company compared the amortized cost basis of the promissory note receivable to the present value of the future cash flows expected from
the promissory note receivable to determine the impairment charge recognized.    In certain cases, where there is limited activity or less
transparency around inputs to valuation, securities are classified as Level 3 within the valuation hierarchy. Level 3 liabilities that were measured at estimated fair value on a recurring basis consisted of the contingent consideration in connection
with the Company s acquisition of SequenceIQ, kft ( SequenceIQ ), which is contingent upon the achievement of certain product milestones.  
 The Company estimated the acquisition date fair value of the contingent consideration payable of $1.6 million based on various estimates
including a discount rate based on the estimated timing of achievement of product milestones, the probability of achievement and other risk factors, all of which the Company believes are appropriate and representative of market participant
assumptions. Upon the achievement of product milestones in January 2016, the Company paid the fair value of the contingent consideration liability of $1.7 million. As of September 30, 2016, there is no contingent consideration liability
outstanding.    A financial instrument s categorization within the valuation hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is
significant to the fair value measurement. The Company s assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires management to make judgments and consider factors specific to the asset or
liability. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and the year ended December 31, 2015, the Company did not make any transfers between Level 1, Level 2, or Level 3 investments.  
      9  

Table of Contents  

HORTONWORKS, INC.   
  Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       
  Gross unrealized gains and losses were not material as of September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015. Realized gains and losses were not material for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, there were no securities that were in an
unrealized loss position for more than 12 months.     3. BUSINESS COMBINATIONS   
   Transactions completed in 2016      The
Company did not complete any acquisitions during the nine months ended September 30, 2016.      Transactions completed in 2015
       Onyara Inc.   On August 31, 2015, the Company acquired Onyara Inc. ( Onyara ), the creator of and key
contributor to Apache NiFi. The acquisition enables customers to automate and secure data flows and to collect, conduct and curate real-time business insights and actions derived from data-in-motion. As a result of the acquisition, the Company
introduced HDF powered by Apache NiFi, which simplifies and accelerates the flow of data-in-motion into HDP for full fidelity analytics.  
 The acquisition date fair value of the purchase consideration was $26.5 million, which included the following (in thousands):  
   
   The total purchase consideration of $26.5 million exceeded the estimated fair value of the net tangible and
identifiable intangible assets and liabilities acquired. Prior to the acquisition, Apache NiFi was open sourced in November 2014 as part of the National Security Agency Technology Transfer Program. As a result, no technology was acquired and the
Company recorded goodwill of $26.4 million in connection with this transaction. The goodwill is attributable to the synergies expected from combining Onyara s operations with the Company s operations. The goodwill is not deductible for tax
purposes.    Under the terms of the agreement, all outstanding shares of Onyara s capital stock, options to purchase Onyara capital
stock and any other securities convertible into, exercisable for or exchangeable for shares of Onyara capital were canceled in exchange for an aggregate of approximately 1.6 million shares of the Company s common stock with a fair value of
approximately $38.5 million. Of these shares, 1.1 million shares with a fair value of approximately $26.5 million were allocated to purchase consideration. The remaining 0.5 million shares with a fair value of approximately $12.0 million
were considered post-combination remuneration which will be recorded as stock-based compensation expense over the vesting period of up to three years. The vesting of these restricted stock units is contingent upon continued employment. The related
acquisition costs, consisting primarily of legal expenses in the amount of $0.4 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2015, were expensed as incurred.  
 The following table summarizes the allocation of the consideration paid of approximately $26.5 million to the fair values of the assets
acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date (in thousands):      
   In connection with the acquisition, the Company also issued restricted stock units covering 0.2 million
shares of the Company s common stock with a fair value of approximately $5.2 million, which is being recognized as stock-based compensation expense as the restricted stock units vest over three years. The vesting of these restricted stock units
is contingent upon continued employment. As such, the Company will account for such payments as post-combination remuneration, to be recognized in operating expenses in the statement of operations as the services are performed.  
      10  

Table of Contents  

HORTONWORKS, INC.   
  Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       
  The results of operations of Onyara have been included in the Company s condensed
consolidated statements of operations from the acquisition date.      Sequence IQ.   On April 23, 2015, the Company acquired
100 percent of the voting shares of SequenceIQ, an open source provider of rapid deployment tools for Hadoop, to deliver a consistent and automated solution for launching on-demand Hadoop clusters in the cloud or to any environment that supports
Docker containers. This acquisition complements the Company s strategy of providing enterprise customers the broadest choice of consumption options for the HDP, from on-premise deployments to cloud architectures.  
 The acquisition of SequenceIQ was accounted for as the purchase of a business. The related acquisition costs, consisting primarily of
consulting and legal expenses were not material during the nine months ended September 30, 2015 and were expensed as incurred.    The
acquisition date fair value of the purchase consideration was $10.0 million, which included the following (in thousands):      
   For further details on the Company s fair value methodology with respect to the contingent consideration
liability, see Note 2  Fair Value Measurements.     The Company also issued restricted stock units covering 114,583 shares of
the Company s common stock to the selling shareholders that vest over a period of up to three years. The vesting of the additional restricted stock units is contingent upon the continued employment of the selling shareholders that were retained
as employees. As such, the Company accounted for such payments as post-combination remuneration, to be recognized in operating expenses in the statement of operations as the services are performed.  
 The acquisition of SequenceIQ provided the Company with developed technology. The Company determined that the fair value of the developed
technology was approximately $4.4 million using the cost approach. The cost approach reflects the amount that would be required currently (at the acquisition date) to replace the service capacity of an asset. The assumptions underlying the fair
value calculation include: the labor required using a burdened overhead rate, the development period, a developer s profit based on the operating profitability of market participants and the opportunity cost based on the estimated required
return on investment over the development period using venture capital rates of return and private capital rates of return for enterprises at a similar stage of development as SequenceIQ. A deferred tax liability related to the fair value of the
developed technology obtained in the acquisition was also recognized. The Company recognized goodwill of $5.8 million equal to the excess of the purchase consideration over the fair value of the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed inclusive
of approximately $0.4 million related to a deferred tax liability recognized in the acquisition. The goodwill is attributable to the synergies expected from combining SequenceIQ s operations with the Company s operations. None of the
goodwill is deductible for tax purposes.  
      11  

Table of Contents  

HORTONWORKS, INC.   
  Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       
  The following table summarizes the allocation of the consideration paid of approximately
$10.0 million to the fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date (in thousands):      
   The results of operations of SequenceIQ have been included in the Company s condensed consolidated
statements of operations from the acquisition date.    The Company s business combinations completed during the nine months ended
September 30, 2015 did not have a material impact on the Company s condensed consolidated financial statements and therefore actual and pro forma disclosures have not been presented.  
  4. INTANGIBLE ASSETS, NET     The following table summarizes
the Company s intangible assets, net (in thousands):      
   For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company recognized amortization expense for
intangible assets of $0.2 million and $0.7 million in operating expenses, respectively, and for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company recognized amortization expense for intangible assets of $0.2 million in
operating expenses. Based on the current amount of intangibles subject to amortization, the estimated amortization expense for the remainder of 2016 and each of the succeeding years is as follows: three months ending December 31, 2016: $0.2
million; 2017: $0.9 million; 2018: $0.9 million; 2019: $0.9 million; and 2020: $0.5 million.     5. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES   
 The Company has a number of operating lease agreements primarily involving office space and data center equipment. These leases are
non-cancelable with original lease periods up to 15 years, which expire between 2016 and 2031. Lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. The Company subleases some excess capacity to a subtenant under a non-cancelable
operating lease.    Rent expense incurred under operating leases was $2.5 million and $2.2 million for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $7.3 million and $5.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  
   Legal Proceedings    
 From time to time, the Company is party to various litigation and administrative proceedings relating to claims arising from its operations in
the normal course of business. Based on the information presently available, including discussion with legal counsel, management believes that resolution of these matters will not have a material effect on the Company s business, results of
operations, financial condition or cash flows.  
      12  

Table of Contents  

HORTONWORKS, INC.   
  Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       
  On February 29, 2016, a putative class action lawsuit alleging violations of federal
securities laws was filed in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California, captioned  Monachelli v. Hortonworks, Inc ., Case No. 3:16-cv-00980-SI. The lawsuit names as defendants the Company, Robert G. Bearden,
and Scott J. Davidson. Plaintiffs allege that the defendants violated Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 by allegedly making materially false and misleading statements regarding the Company s business and
operations. On June 1, 2016, the court entered an order appointing a lead plaintiff and lead counsel. On July 28, 2016, the lead plaintiff and another named plaintiff filed an amended complaint seeking to represent a class of persons
who purchased or otherwise acquired Hortonworks  securities between August 5, 2015 and January 15, 2016, inclusive. Plaintiffs seek class certification, an award of unspecified compensatory damages, an award of reasonable costs and
expenses, including attorneys  fees, and other further relief as the Court may deem just and proper. Based on a review of the allegations, the Company believes that the plaintiffs  allegations are without merit and intends to vigorously
defend against the claims.     6. WARRANTS   
 In July 2011, the Company issued a warrant to purchase 6,500,000 shares of Series A preferred stock at an exercise price of $0.005 per
share. Upon consummation of the Company s IPO in December 2014, the warrant automatically converted into a warrant to purchase 3,250,000 shares of common stock. The warrant was issued to Yahoo! in connection with the Company s Series A
financing and the transactions contemplated thereby, including commercial agreements with Yahoo! providing for support subscription offerings and certain rights to technology. The ability for Yahoo! to exercise the warrant was subject to the
continuation of the commercial agreement for a period of two years, which has been satisfied.    On June 9, 2014, the Company issued
a warrant to purchase a number of shares of common stock up to 1 percent of the sum of (i) 45,585,496, plus (ii) the number of shares of Series D preferred stock or shares of such stock issuable upon exercise of warrants to
purchase such stock (on an as converted to common stock basis) issued or issuable upon exercise of warrants to purchase Series D Preferred Stock that were sold, if any, by the Company during the period commencing on June 9, 2014 and ending
immediately prior to the occurrence of a corporate event at an exercise price of $8.46 per share. The warrant was issued to Yahoo! in exchange for the amendment of the rights held by Yahoo! under Section 2.11 of the Investors 
Rights Agreement to approve an acquisition of Hortonworks, which removed a competitor of Yahoo! from the list of companies over which Yahoo! has such blocking rights. As of September 30, 2016, the warrant was exercisable into 476,368 shares of
common stock.    Each warrant expires nine years from the date of issuance. The warrants vested upon consummation of the Company s IPO
in December 2014. As of September 30, 2016, neither warrant had been exercised into shares of common stock.     7. STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY   
   Common Stock      Each
share of common stock is entitled to one vote for matters to be voted on by the stockholders of the Company. The holders of common stock are also entitled to receive dividends whenever declared by the Board of Directors from legally available funds.
     2011 Stock Option and Grant Plan    
 In December 2014, in connection with the closing of the Company s initial public offering, the Hortonworks, Inc. 2011 Stock Option Plan
and Grant Plan (the  2011 Plan ) was terminated and shares authorized for issuance under the 2011 Plan were canceled (except for those shares reserved for issuance upon exercise of outstanding stock options). As of September 30, 2016,
options to purchase 7,187,994 shares of common stock were outstanding under the 2011 Plan pursuant to their original terms and no shares were available for future grant.  
   2014 Stock Option and Incentive Plan    
 The Hortonworks, Inc. 2014 Stock Option and Incentive Plan (the  2014 Plan ) was adopted by the Company s Board of Directors in
September 2014. The 2014 Plan was approved by the Company s stockholders in November 2014 and became effective immediately prior to the closing of the Company s IPO. An amendment and restatement of the 2014 Plan (the  Amended 2014
Plan ) was approved by the Board of Directors in April 2016 and by the Company s stockholders in May 2016. The Amended 2014 Plan allows the Compensation Committee to make equity-based incentive awards to the Company s full or
part-time officers, employees, non-employee directors and consultants.  
      13  

Table of Contents  

HORTONWORKS, INC.   
  Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       
  The Company initially reserved 6,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock for the
issuance of awards under the 2014 Plan, plus 923,732 shares of the Company s common stock that remained available for issuance under the 2011 Plan as of the Company s IPO date. The amendment and restatement of the 2014 Plan increased the
number of shares reserved for issuance under the Amended 2014 Plan by 7,000,000 shares. The Amended 2014 Plan also provides that the number of shares reserved and available for issuance under the plan will automatically increase each January 1,
beginning on January 1, 2015, by 5 percent of the outstanding number of shares of the Company s common stock on the immediately preceding December 31 or such lesser number of shares as determined by the Company s Compensation
Committee. This number is subject to adjustment in the event of a stock split, stock dividend or other change in the Company s capitalization.  
 In April, June and July 2015, under the 2014 Plan, the Company granted 421,484 Performance Stock Units ( PSUs ) to certain executive
and senior officers (the  Grantees ) that vest upon (a) the achievement of specified performance targets as set by the Compensation Committee and (b) the Grantee remaining employed during the respective six-month performance
cycle over a service period of up to three years, with such service periods commencing on July 1, 2015. The performance target value for each performance cycle is based on an average of the applicable internal and external billings amounts for
the respective performance cycle. The number of PSUs that vest for a given performance cycle is based on the Company s achievement percentile of actual billings relative to the performance target value.  
 In October 2015, under the 2014 Plan, the Company granted 266,084 PSUs to the Grantees that vest upon (a) the achievement of specified
performance targets as set by the Compensation Committee and (b) the Grantee remaining employed for the duration of the respective 12-month performance cycle over a service period of up to two years, with such service periods commencing on
January 1, 2016. The number of PSUs that vest for a given performance cycle is based on the Company s achievement percentile for earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ( EBITDA ) growth and revenue
growth relative to the linear ranking of a pre-selected group of the Company s peers.    As of September 30, 2016, options to
purchase shares of stock, restricted stock units ( RSUs ), PSUs and restricted stock covering an aggregate of 11,604,665 shares of common stock were outstanding under the Amended 2014 Plan.  
 On January 1, 2016, the shares reserved for issuance under the 2014 Plan increased by 2,326,899, resulting in 18,863,638 total shares
reserved for issuance under the Amended 2014 Plan as of September 30, 2016, of which 5,325,656 remained available for issuance.  
   2014 Employee Stock Purchase Plan    
 The Company s 2014 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the  ESPP ) was adopted and approved by the Company s Board of Directors
in September 2014, was adopted and approved by the Company s stockholders in November 2014 and was amended in August 2015, to allow employees of certain of the Company s non-U.S. subsidiaries to participate in the ESPP. The ESPP initially
reserved and authorized the issuance of up to a total of 2,500,000 shares of common stock to participating employees. The ESPP provides that the number of shares reserved and available for issuance will automatically increase each
January 1, beginning on January 1, 2015, by the lesser of (i) 1,000,000 shares of common stock, (ii) 1 percent of the outstanding number of shares of the Company s common stock on the immediately preceding December 31,
or (iii) such lesser number of shares as determined by the ESPP administrator. This number is subject to adjustment in the event of a stock split, stock dividend or other change in the Company s capitalization. On January 1, 2016, the
shares reserved for issuance increased by 465,225, resulting in 3,392,473 total shares reserved for issuance under the ESPP as of September 30, 2016.  
 Each employee who is a participant in the ESPP may purchase shares by authorizing payroll deductions of up to 15 percent of his or her base
compensation during an offering period. Unless the participating employee has previously withdrawn from the offering, his or her accumulated payroll deductions will be used to purchase shares on the last business day of the offering period at a
price equal to 85 percent of the fair market value of the shares on the first business day or the last business day of the offering period, whichever is lower. Under applicable tax rules, an employee may purchase no more than $25,000 worth of shares
of common stock, valued at the start of the purchase period, under the ESPP in any calendar year. There is no minimum holding period associated with shares purchased pursuant to the ESPP.  
      14  

Table of Contents  

HORTONWORKS, INC.   
  Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       
  As of September 30, 2016, there was $2.0 million of unrecognized stock-based
compensation expense related to the ESPP, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 0.62 years.      Stock
Options      A summary of information related to stock options for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 is presented below:  
   
   Aggregate intrinsic value represents the difference between the exercise price of the options to purchase
common stock and the fair value of the Company s common stock. The aggregate intrinsic value of options exercised for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $2.8 million and $11.8 million, respectively, and for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $10.9 million and $38.4 million, respectively.      Restricted Stock    
 A summary of information related to restricted stock for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 is presented below:  

The fair value
of the restricted stock vested during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $2.5 million and $29.6 million, respectively, and for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $4.5 million and $35.9 million,
respectively.    As of September 30, 2016, there was $22.9 million of unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to unvested
stock options and restricted stock to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 1.74 years.  
      15  

Table of Contents  

HORTONWORKS, INC.   
  Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       
    Restricted Stock Units and Performance Stock Units    
 A summary of information related to RSUs and PSUs for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 is presented below:  
   
   The fair value of the RSUs and PSUs that vested during the three months ended September 30, 2016 was $6.1
million. No RSUs and PSUs vested during the three months ended September 30, 2015. The fair value of the RSUs and PSUs that vested during each of the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $20.2 million and $1.1 million,
respectively.    As of September 30, 2016, there was $119.3 million of unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to RSUs
and PSUs to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 1.68 years.      Restricted Stock and Stock Options Subject to Repurchase
     The 2011 Plan allowed for the granting of options that may be exercised before the options have vested. Shares issued as a result
of early exercise and shares that had not vested are deemed to be restricted stock and are subject to a vesting schedule identical to the vesting schedule of the related restricted stock and options, as well as certain other restrictions. Shares
issued as a result of early exercise that have not vested are subject to repurchase by the Company upon termination of the purchaser s employment or services at the price paid by the purchaser, and are not deemed to be issued for accounting
purposes until those related shares vest. The amounts received in exchange for these shares have been recorded as a liability on the accompanying balance sheets and will be reclassified into common stock and additional paid-in capital as the shares
vest. The Company s right to repurchase these shares generally lapses 1/48 of the original grant date per month over four years.    The
number of shares of restricted stock and early exercised options to purchase common stock outstanding subject to the Company s right of repurchase at prices ranging from $1.28 to $14.22 per share as of September 30, 2016 was 40,380. The
liability for shares subject to repurchase as of September 30, 2016 was $0.5 million, of which $0.3 million is included in accrued expenses and other current liabilities and $0.2 million is included in other long-term liabilities.  
   Stock-Based Compensation Expense    
 Total stock-based compensation expense, including stock-based compensation expense to non-employees, by category was as follows (in thousands):

16  

Table of Contents  

HORTONWORKS, INC.   
  Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       
  In February 2016, one of the executives of the Company voluntarily canceled a stock option to
purchase 1,185,000 shares. As a result, the Company recognized in general and administrative expense a stock-based compensation expense of $10.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016.  
  8. NET LOSS PER SHARE OF COMMON STOCK   
 Basic net loss per share is calculated by dividing net loss by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period, less
restricted common stock and common stock issued that is subject to repurchase, and excludes any dilutive effects of share based awards. Diluted net loss per share of common stock is computed giving effect to all potential dilutive common shares. As
the Company had net losses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, all potential common shares were determined to be anti-dilutive.  
 The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted net loss per share (in thousands, except share and per share amounts):
     
   The following outstanding shares of common stock equivalents were excluded from the computation of diluted net
loss per share of common stock for the periods presented since including them would have been anti-dilutive:      
    9. INCOME TAXES   
 The effective tax rate for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was (0.5) percent compared to (0.3) percent for the same period of
2015. The effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was (0.4) percent compared to (0.3) percent for the same period of 2015. The income tax expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015
was determined based upon estimates of the Company s effective income tax rates in various jurisdictions. The difference between the consolidated effective income tax rate and the U.S. federal statutory rate is primarily attributable to state
income taxes, foreign income taxes, the effect of certain permanent differences and full valuation allowance against net deferred tax assets.     10.
SEGMENT AND GEOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION     The Company s chief operating decision maker reviews financial information on a consolidated
basis for the purposes of allocating resources and evaluating financial performance. The Company s chief operating decision maker has direct reports responsible for various functions within the Company (e.g., business strategy, finance, legal,
business development, products, etc.) on a consolidated basis. There are no segment managers who are held accountable for operations or operating results. The Company s primary growth strategy is predicated upon the growth of the support
subscription business, and the Company s key business metrics reflect this strategy. Professional services are offered with the overall goal of securing and retaining support subscription customers and growing support subscription revenue.
Accordingly, management has determined that the Company operates in one reportable segment.  
      17  

Table of Contents  

HORTONWORKS, INC.   
  Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       
  The Company has international sales offices in Australia, Germany, India, Ireland, Japan,
Netherlands, South Korea and the United Kingdom and research and development facilities in Hungary and India. The following presents revenue by country, determined by location of sales office (in thousands):  
   
   The Company s long-lived assets are primarily located in the United States and not allocated to any
specific region. Therefore, geographic information is presented only for total revenue.     11. SUBSEQUENT EVENT   
   Credit Facility      On
November 2, 2016, the Company entered into a $30.0 million two-year senior secured revolving credit agreement (the  Credit Agreement ) with Silicon Valley Bank (the  Bank ). The proceeds from borrowings under the Credit
Agreement, if any, are expected to be used for general corporate purposes. Amounts outstanding under the Credit Agreement are payable on or before November 2, 2018 and will accrue interest per annum at a rate equal to the Bank s prime rate
plus 0.50%. Pursuant to the terms of the Credit Agreement, the Company agreed to pay an annual facility fee equal to 0.50% of the aggregate amount of the revolving credit facility commitments and an unused line fee of 0.35% per annum on the
unused commitments. The Credit Agreement contains customary negative covenants and certain financial covenants that require the Company to maintain a minimum trailing consolidated adjusted EBITDA and a minimum adjusted quick ratio. There are no
borrowings outstanding under the Credit Agreement as of the date of this filing.  
      18  

Table of Contents  

Item 2.  
  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.     
  The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read together with the condensed
consolidated financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and with our audited consolidated financial statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
2015, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This discussion contains statements that are not historical in nature, are predictive, that depend upon or refer to future events or conditions or contain forward-looking statements. Such
statements are based upon current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties, as well as assumptions that, if they never materialize or if they prove incorrect, could cause our results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by
such forward-looking statements. Various factors could cause or contribute to such a difference, including, but not limited to, those identified below and discussed in  Risk Factors  and in other parts of this quarterly report.   
  Overview     Hortonworks, Inc.
( Hortonworks,  the  Company,   we  or  us ) seeks to advance the market adoption of Hadoop and provide enterprises with new data management solutions that enables them to harness the power of big data to
transform their businesses through more effective and efficient management of their valuable data assets. A Hadoop cluster combines commodity servers with local storage and an open source software distribution to create a reliable distributed
compute and storage platform for large data sets scalable up to petabytes with thousands of servers or nodes. We have two solutions in the market today to address the needs of enterprises for their data: Hortonworks Data Platform ( HDP )
and Hortonworks DataFlow Platform ( HDF ). HDP is an enterprise-scale data management platform built entirely on open source technology including Apache Hadoop. At its core is the next generation computing and resource management framework
named Yet Another Resource Negotiator ( YARN ), which uniquely enables a centralized data architecture for batch, interactive and real-time workloads to be executed simultaneously on a single cluster and dataset while extending consistent
security, governance and operation across the platform. HDF is complementary to HDP, by automating and securing data flows that collect, conduct and curate real-time business insights and actions derived from sensors, machines, geolocation devices,
clicks, logs and social feeds. Our approach is differentiated in that we are committed to serving the Apache Software Foundation open source ecosystem and to sharing our distributed product developments with the open source community. We distribute
the HDP and HDF software under the Apache open source license in order to provide broad rights for recipients of the software to use, copy, modify and redistribute the software. Consistent with our open source approach, we generally make HDP and HDF
available free of charge.    We generate revenue predominantly by selling support subscription offerings and professional services. Our
support subscription agreements are typically annual arrangements, but we also have customers with multi-year arrangements. On occasion, we sell engineering services as well as a premium subscription agreement that provides a customer with
development input and the opportunity to work more closely with our developers. We price our support subscription offerings based on the number of servers in a cluster, or nodes, core or edge devices, data under management and/or the scope of
support provided. Accordingly, our support subscription revenue varies depending on the scale of our customers  deployments and the scope of the support agreement. Professional services revenue is derived from consulting services engagements
and training services. Our consulting services are provided primarily on a time and materials basis, and to a lesser extent, a fixed fee basis, and training services are priced based on attendance. The growth of our total revenue is dependent upon
(i) new customer acquisition, (ii) expansion of sales within our existing customers, (iii) the annual renewal of our support subscription agreements by our existing support subscription customers and (iv) professional services
fees from consulting and training. Our revenue is subject to fluctuations based upon our success in addressing these factors but may also be impacted by the revenue recognition requirements of our multiple-element customer arrangements. Our early
growth strategy has been aimed at acquiring customers for our support subscription offerings via a direct sales force and delivering consulting services. As we grow our business, our longer-term strategy will be to expand our partner network and
leverage our partners to deliver a larger proportion of professional services to our customers on our behalf. The implementation of this strategy is expected to result in an increase in upfront costs in order to establish and further cultivate such
strategic partnerships, but we expect that it will increase gross margins in the long term as the percentage of our revenue derived from professional services, which has a lower gross margin than our support subscriptions, decreases.  
 Our ability to successfully implement these strategies is subject to challenges, risks and uncertainties, and our net losses have been
increasing year-over-year. In our efforts to achieve profitability, we have placed and will continue to place an emphasis on investing within our support subscription sales efforts to try to drive increased revenue in both support subscriptions
and professional services. If these support subscription sales efforts are not successful, due to unsuccessful execution by us, increased competition in our markets, or other factors, we will find it difficult to add new support subscription
customers, and our revenue will not grow as quickly as we would like, and may decline. In addition, our longer-term strategy of leveraging our partners to provide an increasing proportion of professional services to our customers presents
certain challenges. This strategy requires us to make upfront expenditures and devote time and attention to cultivating relationships. If we are unable to identify and engage suitable partners that
 
      19  

Table of Contents  

are able to provide such services, or if our partners are unable to provide professional services at the quality level that our customers expect, we may not be able to achieve this transition as
quickly as we would like, or at all. We expect that our ability to successfully implement this strategy will have a material impact on whether we can achieve profitability, due to the difference in gross margins on our support subscriptions
versus our professional services. If the percentage of our total revenue that comes from professional services does not decrease over time as we expect or if continuous growth of subscription revenue does not continue, then our ability to
achieve profitability will be negatively impacted. In addition, if we are not able to establish vendor-specific objective evidence ( VSOE ) for professional services revenue, our results of operations could fluctuate significantly from
period to period in ways that do not correlate with our underlying professional service business performance.    We have achieved
significant growth in recent periods. Our revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $47.5 million and $32.3 million, respectively, and our revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $132.5
million and $84.5 million, respectively. Our operating billings for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $72.5 million and $43.8 million, respectively, and our operating billings for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $188.4 million and $113.7 million, respectively. Operating billings represent the aggregate value of all invoices sent to our customers in a given period. We incurred net losses for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015 of $64.7 million and $45.3 million, respectively, and net losses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 of $194.6 million and $128.9 million, respectively.  
  Key Factors Affecting Our Performance   
   Support Subscription Customers.   Growth of our revenue from our support subscription offerings is driven by agreements with new
support subscription customers, renewals of existing support subscription agreements and increased revenue from existing support subscription customers who are expanding their usage of HDP and HDF. The number of agreements with new support
subscription customers signed may vary from period to period for several reasons, including the length of our sales cycle, the effectiveness of our sales and marketing efforts and overall adoption rates of Hadoop-based solutions. The contract value
of our support subscriptions with individual support subscription customers varies substantially among customers, and our results of operations may fluctuate from period to period depending on the timing and composition of particular large support
subscriptions including engineering services or premium subscription agreements that provide a customer with development input and the opportunity to work more closely with our developers. Our results of operations may also fluctuate, in part,
due to the resource-intensive nature of our sales efforts, the length and variability of the sales cycle of our support subscription offerings and the difficulty in making short-term adjustments to our operating expenses based upon deviations from
forecasted sales productivity or expectations. The length of our sales cycle from initial evaluation to payment for our support subscription offerings is generally six to nine months, but can extend to one year or more for some customers. In
addition, as our professional services engagements frequently relate to initial new support subscription customer deployments of HDP and HDF, growth in our professional services revenue is driven primarily by adding new support subscription
customers and the associated sales of engagements relating to customer deployment.      Additional Sales to Existing Support
Subscription Customers   .  Our existing support subscription customers continue to represent a large opportunity for us to expand our revenue base. Growth of our revenue from existing support subscription customers typically comes when
customers increase the scale of their existing deployment of HDP as well as complement their deployment with HDF. We price our support subscription offerings based on the number of nodes, data under management and/or the scope of support services
provided. Accordingly, our revenue from our support subscription offerings varies but primarily depends upon the scale of our support subscription customers  deployments and the breadth and scope of their support agreement.  
   Investing in Growth   .  We will continue to focus on long-term growth. We believe that our market opportunities (HDP and
HDF) are large and underpenetrated, and we will continue to invest significantly in sales and marketing to grow our customer base, expand within existing support subscription customers and grow internationally to drive additional revenue. We also
expect to invest in research and development to enhance the HDP, HDF, Apache Hadoop and other key Apache Open Source projects including Apache NiFi. To enable our growth, we plan to further invest in other operational and administrative functions
including, but not limited to, our customer support organization that provides the basis for customer retention and further expansion. We expect to continue to use the proceeds from our IPO, the concurrent private placement and our follow-on public
offering to fund these growth strategies and do not expect to be profitable in the near future. We also intend to leverage business partners for the delivery of professional services. We believe that our sales and marketing, research and development
and general and administrative costs will decrease as a percentage of revenue in the long term as we are able to reach economies of scale and achieve process improvements and other operational efficiencies. With this increased operating leverage, we
expect our gross and operating margins to increase in the long term.      Revenue Recognition Policies   .  We typically
enter into sales arrangements pursuant to which we provide both support subscription offerings and professional services. On occasion, we sell engineering services as well as a premium subscription offering which allows a higher level of access and
development input. Pursuant to software revenue recognition rules under generally accepted accounting  
      20  

Table of Contents  

principles ( GAAP ) in the United States ( U.S ), for arrangements providing both support subscription offerings and professional services, we typically recognize as revenue
the entire arrangement fee ratably over the subscription period once the support subscription and professional services have commenced. The appropriate timing of revenue recognition must be evaluated on an arrangement-by-arrangement basis. The costs
associated with our support subscription and professional services revenue are expensed as we incur the delivery costs. However, in many cases, the related revenue is deferred and recognized ratably over a later period. Thus, during times of rapid
customer growth and accompanying delivery of professional services, our gross margin is expected to be negatively impacted.     Key Business Metrics
    We review a number of metrics, including the following key metrics, to evaluate our business, measure our performance, identify trends
affecting our business, formulate business plans and make strategic decisions. These key business metrics include the following:  
   Dollar-Based Net Expansion Rate.   We believe that our ability to retain our customers and expand their support subscription
revenue over time will be an indicator of the stability of our revenue base and the long-term value of our customer relationships. Maintaining customer relationships allows us to sustain and increase revenue to the extent customers maintain or
increase the number of nodes, data under management and/or the scope of the support subscription agreements. To date, only a small percentage of our customer agreements have reached the end of their original terms and, as a result, we have not
observed a large enough sample of renewals to derive meaningful conclusions. We calculate dollar-based net expansion rate as of a given date as the aggregate annualized subscription contract value as of that date from those customers that were also
customers as of the date 12 months prior, divided by the aggregate annualized subscription contract value from all customers as of the date 12 months prior. We calculate annualized support subscription contract value for each support subscription
customer as the total subscription contract value as of the reporting date divided by the number of years for which the support subscription customer is under contract as of such date. We report the trailing four-quarter average dollar-based net
expansion rate as of each period end. The dollar-based net expansion rate as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 was 140 percent and 159 percent, respectively.  
 Total subscription contract value for a support subscription customer account is a legal and contractual determination calculated as of a
given date by aggregating the subscription fees that we expect to receive for each support subscription, assuming no changes to the subscription. The total subscription contract value is not determined by reference to historical or future revenue,
deferred revenue or any other U.S. GAAP financial measure over any period. It is forward-looking and contractually derived as of the date of determination, and the period over which any associated revenue is recognized is affected by our revenue
recognition policies under U.S. GAAP.      Total Support Subscription Customers.   We believe total support subscription
customers is a key indicator of our market penetration, growth and future revenue. In order to grow our customer base, we have aggressively invested in and intend to continue to invest in our direct sales team, as well as to pursue additional
partnerships within our indirect sales channel. We generally define a support subscription customer as an entity with an active support subscription as of the measurement date. In situations where there are multiple contracts with multiple
subsidiaries or divisions, universities, or governmental organizations of a single entity, the entity is counted once. Our total support subscription customer count was over 1,000 as of September 30, 2016.  
   Operating Billings.   Operating billings for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $72.5 million and $43.8
million, respectively, and for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $188.4 million and $113.7 million, respectively. We historically disclosed gross billings as a key metric and a non-GAAP financial measure that presented total
non-GAAP revenue plus the change in deferred revenue for the same period. One would need to add our revenue to our change in deferred revenue to calculate a number that is comparable to our historically reported gross billings numbers.  
  Components of Results of Operations   
   Revenue      We
generate revenue primarily under multiple-element arrangements that include support subscription offerings combined with consulting and/or training services. On occasion, we sell engineering services as well as a premium subscription offering that
allows a higher level of access and development input. We have not yet established VSOE of fair value for our support subscriptions or professional services. Accordingly, for our multiple-element arrangements, we generally recognize revenue on a
ratable basis over the period beginning when both the support subscription and professional services have commenced, and ending at the conclusion of the support subscription or professional services period, whichever is longer.  
      21  

Table of Contents  

    Cost of Revenue    
 Cost of support subscription revenue consists primarily of personnel costs (including salaries, benefits, and stock-based compensation expense)
for employees, including support engineers, associated with our support subscription offerings mainly related to technology support and allocated shared costs. Cost of professional services revenue consists primarily of personnel costs (including
salaries, benefits and stock-based compensation expense) for employees and fees to subcontractors associated with our professional service contracts, travel costs and allocated shared costs. We allocate shared costs such as rent, information
technology and employee benefits to all departments based on headcount. As such, allocated shared costs are reflected in cost of revenue and each operating expense category. Cost of revenue for support subscription and professional services is
expensed as incurred.      Operating Expenses    
  Sales and Marketing.  Sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of personnel costs (including salaries, benefits and
stock-based compensation expense) for our sales and marketing employees. In addition, sales and marketing expenses include the cost of advertising, online marketing, promotional events, corporate communications, product marketing and other
brand-building activities, plus allocated shared costs. We expect our sales and marketing expenses to continue to increase for the foreseeable future as we continue to invest in our selling and marketing activities, build brand awareness, attract
new customers and sponsor additional marketing events. However, we expect our sales and marketing expenses to decrease as a percentage of our total revenue over the long term.  
  Research and Development.  Research and development expenses consist primarily of personnel costs (including salaries, benefits and
stock-based compensation expense) for our research and development employees, costs associated with subcontractors and equipment lease expenses, plus allocated shared costs. Our research and development expenses include costs for development related
to the distribution of our solutions, including security updates, fixes, functionality enhancements, upgrades to the technology and new versions of the software, quality assurance personnel, technical documentation personnel and at times expenses
related to engineering resources for our subscription and professional services offerings. We expect to continue to focus our research and development efforts on enhancing and adding new features and functionality to our offerings. As a result, we
expect our research and development expenses to continue to increase for the foreseeable future. However, we expect our research and development expenses to decrease as a percentage of our total revenue over the long term.  
  General and Administrative.  General and administrative expenses consist primarily of personnel costs (including salaries, benefits
and stock-based compensation expense) for our executive, finance, human resources, IT, legal and other administrative employees. In addition, general and administrative expenses include fees for third-party professional services, including
consulting, accounting and legal services and other corporate expenses and allocated overhead. We expect our general and administrative expenses to continue to increase for the foreseeable future as we continue to invest in the growth of our
business. However, we expect our general and administrative expenses to decrease as a percentage of our total revenue over the long term.  
      22  

Table of Contents  

   Results of Operations   
 The following table sets forth selected consolidated statements of operations data for each of the periods indicated:  
   
    Comparison of the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
   Revenue        
   Support subscription revenue for the three and nine months September 30, 2016 increased $11.5 million, or
55 percent and $38.9 million, or 75 percent, respectively, compared to the same periods in 2015. The increases were primarily due to the growth in our support subscription customer base as well as sales of additional support subscriptions to our
existing customers.    Professional services revenue for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased
$3.8 million, or 33 percent and $9.0 million, or 28 percent, respectively, compared to the same periods in 2015. The increases were primarily due to the growth in our support subscription customer base and associated sales of additional
professional services to our existing customers.  
      23  

Table of Contents  

    Cost of Revenue    
   
   Cost of support subscription revenue increased $2.8 million for the three months ended September 30,
2016 compared to the same period in 2015. The increase was primarily attributable to a $2.4 million increase in employee-related expenses as a result of an increase in headcount to support new customer growth. Cost of support subscription revenue
increased $8.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015. The increase was primarily attributable to a $6.8 million increase in employee-related expenses, which included $1.2 million of
stock-based compensation expense, as a result of an increase in headcount to support new customer growth.    Cost of professional services
revenue increased $2.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015. The increase was primarily attributable to a $1.8 million increase in employee-related expenses as a result of an increase in
headcount. Cost of professional services revenue increased $6.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015. The increase was primarily attributable to a $5.9 million increase in
employee-related expenses, which included $1.3 million of stock-based compensation expense, primarily as a result of an increase in headcount.  
   Sales and Marketing        
   Sales and marketing expenses increased $14.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016
compared to the same period in 2015. The increase was primarily attributable to an increase in employee-related expenses of $13.4 million, which included $4.1 million of stock-based compensation expense, primarily as a result of additional
headcount. Employee-related expenses also increased due to a change in the mix of our headcount to support more revenue producing sales positions. Sales and marketing expenses increased $42.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016
compared to the same period in 2015. The increase was primarily attributable to an increase in employee-related expenses of $37.4 million, which included $12.4 million of stock-based compensation expense, primarily as a result of additional
headcount. Employee-related expenses also increased due to a change in the mix of our headcount to support more revenue producing sales positions. In addition, travel expenses increased by $2.1 million due to additional headcount to support the
growth in our business and equipment and software expense increased by $1.3 million.      Research and Development    
   
   Research and development expenses increased $9.6 million for the three months ended September 30,
2016 compared to the same period in 2015. The increase was primarily attributable to an increase in employee-related expenses of $8.7 million, which included $5.9 million of stock-based compensation expense primarily as a result of additional
headcount. Research and development expenses increased $27.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015. The increase was primarily attributable to an increase in employee-related expenses of
$24.2 million, which included $18.1 million of stock-based compensation expense primarily as a result of additional headcount.  
      24  

Table of Contents  

    General and Administrative    
   
   General and administrative expenses increased $5.0 million for the three months ended September 30,
2016 compared to the same period in 2015. The increase was primarily attributable to an increase in employee-related expenses of $4.0 million, which included $2.3 million of stock-based compensation expense, primarily as a result of additional
headcount. General and administrative expenses increased $28.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015. The increase was primarily attributable to an increase in employee-related expenses of
$24.6 million, which includes $18.8 million of stock-based compensation expense. The increase in stock-based compensation expense was primarily due to the accelerated recognition of $10.0 million in stock-based compensation expense related to
the cancellation of stock options to purchase 1,185,000 shares from one of our executives in February 2016. The remaining increase was primarily due to $9.7 million in stock-based compensation expense related to RSUs granted to new employees,
additional incentive RSUs granted to existing employees and PSUs granted in 2015. In addition, general and administrative expenses increased due to an increase in outside services expenses of $1.8 million and the impairment charge of $0.7 million on
our promissory note receivable.     Liquidity and Capital Resources   
 As of September 30, 2016, our principal sources of liquidity were cash and cash equivalents and investments totaling $95.6 million,
compared to $96.9 million at December 31, 2015, which were held for working capital purposes. Cash and cash equivalents are comprised primarily of cash deposits, money market funds, certificates of deposit, and commercial paper. Our short-term
and long-term investments are primarily comprised of treasury bills, U.S. government securities, certificates of deposit, commercial paper, corporate notes and bonds, and our promissory note receivable.  
 The following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods indicated:      
   To date, we have financed our operations primarily through private placements of preferred stock, our IPO, the
concurrent private placement of our common stock, our follow-on public offering and cash collected from sales of our support subscriptions and professional services to customers. We believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents and investments
totaling $95.6 million will be sufficient to meet our working capital and capital expenditure requirements for the next 12 months.    Our
expected future capital requirements may depend on many factors, including customer retention and expansion, the timing and extent of spending on platform development efforts, the expansion of sales, marketing and product management activities and
ongoing investments to support the growth of our business in the U.S. and internationally. We may in the future enter into arrangements to acquire or invest in complementary businesses, services and technologies and intellectual property rights. We
may be required to seek additional equity or debt financing in order to meet these future capital requirements. In the event that additional financing is required from outside sources, we may not be able to raise it on terms that are acceptable to
us or at all. If we are unable to raise additional capital when desired, our business, results of operations and financial condition would be adversely affected.  
   Operating Activities    
 After our net loss of $194.6 million was adjusted to exclude non-cash items, operating activities used $80.9 million of cash during the nine
months ended September 30, 2016. Significant non-cash items included stock-based compensation expense of $75.6 million which included $10.0 million related to the accelerated recognition of the cancellation of stock options to purchase
1,185,000 shares from one of our executives. Non-cash items also included depreciation and amortization expense of $6.6 million. Changes in our operating assets and liabilities increased $30.4 million for the nine months ended September 30,
2016 primarily due to an increase of  
      25  

Table of Contents  

$49.7 million in deferred revenue as a result of the growth in our support subscription customer base. Changes in operating assets also included increases in accounts payable and accrued
compensation and benefits of $4.1 million and $2.9 million, respectively, offset by a decrease in accounts receivable of $24.4 million due to the timing of customer collections.  
 After our net loss of $128.9 million was adjusted to exclude non-cash items, operating activities used $80.6 million of cash during the nine
months ended September 30, 2015. Significant non-cash items included stock-based compensation expense of $23.7 million and depreciation and amortization of $4.0 million. Changes in our operating assets and liabilities increased $20.1 million
for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 primarily due to an increase of $29.1 million in deferred revenue as a result of the growth in our support subscription customer base. Changes in operating assets also included increases in accrued
expenses and other current liabilities and accrued compensation and benefits of $5.5 million and $1.5 million, respectively. The increases in operating assets were offset by a decrease in accounts receivable of $13.3 million due to the timing of
customer collections and a decrease in prepaid expenses and other current assets of $2.3 million.      Investing Activities    
 Cash used in investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $11.0 million. The primary outflow of cash associated
with investing activities were related to the purchases of investments and property and equipment of $80.5 million and $11.1 million, respectively, offset by sales and maturity of investments of $80.6 million.  
 Cash used in investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 was $31.4 million. The primary outflow of cash associated
with investing activities were related to the purchases of investments and property and equipment, acquisitions of SequenceIQ and Onyara and issuance of promissory note receivable of $91.0 million, $11.4 million, $3.5 million, and $2.5 million
respectively, offset by maturity of investments of $77.0 million.      Financing Activities    
 Cash provided by financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 of $92.0 million consisted primarily of net proceeds
from the sale of follow-on public offering and proceeds related to the issuance of common stock of $87.2 million and $8.8 million, respectively. These factors were partially offset by the payments of a contingent consideration related to an
acquisition and an acquisition-related liability of $1.6 million and $1.9 million, respectively.    Cash provided by financing activities
for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 of $7.9 million was primarily related to net proceeds from issuance of common stock of $8.8 million.  
  Contractual Obligations and Other Commitments   
 As of September 30, 2016, there have been no material changes outside the normal course of business in contractual obligations from the
information provided in Item 7 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.  
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements     Through
September 30, 2016, we did not have any relationships with unconsolidated organizations or financial partnerships, such as structured finance or special purpose entities that would have been established for the purpose of facilitating
off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes.     Segment Information   
 We operate in one reportable segment.     Critical Accounting
Policies and Estimates     We prepare our condensed consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP. In the preparation of
these condensed consolidated financial statements, we are required to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, costs and expenses and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at
the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of expenses during the reporting period. To the extent that there are material differences between these estimates and actual results, our financial condition or operating
results would be affected. We base our estimates on past experience and other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, and we evaluate these estimates on an ongoing basis. We refer to accounting estimates of this type as
critical accounting policies and estimates.  
      26  

Table of Contents  

  There have been no material changes to our critical accounting policies and estimates as compared
to the critical accounting policies and estimates described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015.     Recent
Accounting Pronouncements        See Note 1  Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies  in the notes to our condensed consolidated financial statements.  
      27  

Table of Contents  

Item 3.  
    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.     
 Our primary exposure to market risk relates to interest rate changes. We had cash and cash equivalents and investments totaling $95.6 million
and $96.9 million as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. Cash and cash equivalents are comprised of cash deposits, money market funds, certificates of deposit and commercial paper. Our short-term and long-term
investments are primarily comprised of treasury bills, U.S. government securities, certificates of deposit, commercial paper, corporate notes and bonds, and our promissory note receivable. The cash and cash equivalents are held for working capital
purposes. Our investments are made for capital preservation purposes. We do not enter into investments for trading or speculative purposes. Due to the predominantly short-term nature of the instruments in our portfolio, a sudden change in market
interest rates would not be expected to have a material impact on our condensed consolidated financial statements.    Our promissory note
receivable is with a third-party professional services provider. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we recognized in general and administrative expense an impairment charge on the promissory note receivable of $0.7 million,
decreasing the carrying value to $2.0 million. We compared the amortized cost basis of the promissory note receivable to the present value of the future cash flows expected from the promissory note receivable to determine the impairment charge
recognized. Our maximum exposure to credit risk is the principal amount of the note of $2.0 million plus accrued and unpaid interest. We will continue to monitor the receivable for collectability going forward.  

Item 4.  
    Controls and Procedures.        Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
    Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness
of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. The term  disclosure controls and procedures,  as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 ( Exchange Act ), means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms at the reasonable assurance level. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure
that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial
officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.    Management
recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives, and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship
of possible controls and procedures. Based on such evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective at the reasonable assurance level
due to a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting related to the recognition of revenue and deferred revenue for a subset of non-standard license transactions where renewal rates for post-contract support were stated upon
commencement of the arrangement. Notwithstanding the identified material weakness, management has determined that the financial statements and other information included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and other periodic filings present fairly
in all material respects the financial position and results of operations for the periods presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP.    In our
10-K filing for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, we determined a secondary review of specific agreements was not performed at a sufficiently detailed level. Such review would have provided oversight related to the recognition of revenue
and deferred revenue for a subset of non-standard license transactions where renewal rates for post-contract support were stated upon commencement of the arrangement. These findings were related to the design effectiveness of the control. Although
the adjustments identified and recorded during the year related to the subset of non-standard license transactions were not material, we concluded the deficiency presented a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the consolidated
financial statements would not have been prevented or detected. Accordingly, management determined the design deficiency constituted a material weakness.  
      28  

Table of Contents  

   Remediation Steps Taken to Address the Material Weakness   
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, with the oversight of our management and our audit committee, we have taken or are taking
the following measures, which we believe will address the underlying causes of the material weakness described above.      

We have reinforced the usage of specific item codes to identify the non-standard transactions;

We are continuing to track and monitor non-standard license transactions while also obtaining approvals for
these transactions from management;         

We have implemented multiple levels of review for non-standard license transactions relative to proper revenue
recognition accounting treatment;         

We have enhanced the documentation related to our identification and assessment of non-standard license
transactions;         

We added resources to assist with preparation and review of the revenue recognition treatment documented for
non-standard license transactions; and         

We conducted discussions with external accounting experts on large amount and non-standard transactions
regarding revenue recognition treatment.        Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting   
 There have not been any changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the three months ended September 30,
2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.     Limitations on
Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures     In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over
financial reporting, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls
and procedures and internal control over financial reporting must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management is required to apply judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their
costs.  
      29  

Table of Contents  

     PART II OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1.  
  Legal Proceedings.       From time to time, we are involved in legal proceedings and subject
to claims arising in the ordinary course of our business. Although the results of litigation and claims cannot be predicted with certainty, we currently believe that the final outcome of these ordinary course matters will not have a material adverse
effect on our business, operating results, financial condition or cash flows. Regardless of the outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources and other factors.  
 On February 29, 2016, a putative class action lawsuit alleging violations of federal securities laws was filed in the U.S. District Court
for the Northern District of California, captioned  Monachelli v. Hortonworks, Inc ., Case No. 3:16-cv-00980-SI. The lawsuit names as defendants the Company, Robert G. Bearden, and Scott J. Davidson. Plaintiffs allege that
the defendants violated Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 by allegedly making materially false and misleading statements regarding the Company s business and operations. On June 1, 2016, the court entered
an order appointing a lead plaintiff and lead counsel. On July 28, 2016, the lead plaintiff and another named plaintiff filed an amended complaint seeking to represent a class of persons who purchased or otherwise acquired Hortonworks 
securities between August 5, 2015 and January 15, 2016, inclusive. Plaintiffs seek class certification, an award of unspecified compensatory damages, an award of reasonable costs and expenses, including attorneys  fees, and other
further relief as the Court may deem just and proper. Based on a review of the allegations, we believe that the plaintiffs  allegations are without merit and intend to vigorously defend against the claims.  
      30  

Table of Contents  

Item 1A.  
  Risk Factors.        Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You
should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information in this report and in our other public filings, before making a decision to invest in our common stock. If any of the risks actually
occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be harmed. In that event, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you could lose part or all of your investment.   
  Risks Related to Our Business       We
have a history of losses, and we may not become profitable in the future.      We have incurred net losses since our inception,
including net losses of $194.6 million and $128.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. As a result, we had an accumulated deficit of $645.5 million at September 30, 2016. It is difficult for us to
predict our future results of operations since the market for our solutions is rapidly evolving and has not yet reached widespread adoption. We may not achieve sufficient revenue to attain and maintain profitability. We expect our operating expenses
to increase over the next several years as we hire additional personnel, particularly in sales, expand and improve the effectiveness of our distribution channels, and continue to invest in the development of the Hortonworks Data Platform
( HDP ) and Hortonworks DataFlow Platform ( HDF ) offerings. In addition, as we grow and as a result of being a public company, we will incur additional significant legal, accounting and other expenses that we did not incur as a
private company. As a result of these increased expenses, we will have to generate and sustain increased revenue to be profitable in future periods. Any failure by us to sustain or increase profitability on a consistent basis could cause the value
of our common stock to decline.      We have a limited operating history, which makes it difficult to predict our future results of
operations.      We were incorporated in 2011 and introduced our first solution in 2012. As a result of our limited operating history,
our ability to forecast our future results of operations is limited and subject to a number of uncertainties, including our ability to plan for and model future growth. Our historical revenue growth has been inconsistent, has benefited from
transactions with related parties and should not be considered indicative of our future performance. Further, in future periods, our revenue growth could slow or our revenue could decline for a number of reasons, including slowing demand for our
support subscription offerings and our professional services, increasing competition, a decrease in the growth of our overall market, or our failure, for any reason, to continue to capitalize on growth opportunities. We have also encountered and
will encounter risks and uncertainties frequently experienced by growing companies in rapidly changing industries, such as the risks and uncertainties described herein. If our assumptions regarding these risks and uncertainties and our future
revenue growth (each of which we use to plan our business) are incorrect or change, or if we do not address these risks successfully, our operating and financial results could differ materially from our expectations and our business could suffer.
     We do not have an adequate history with our support subscription offerings or pricing models to accurately predict the long-term
rate of support subscription customer renewals or adoption, or the impact these renewals and adoption will have on our revenue or results of operations.    
 We have limited experience with respect to determining the optimal prices for our support subscription offerings. As the market for open source
distributed data platforms matures, or as competitors introduce new products or services that compete with ours, we may be unable to attract new support subscription customers at the same price or based on the same pricing model as we have used
historically. Moreover, large support subscription customers, which are the focus of our sales efforts, may demand greater price concessions. As a result, in the future we may be required to reduce our prices, which could harm our revenue, gross
margins, financial position and cash flows. Furthermore, while the terms of our support subscription agreements limit the number of supported nodes or the size of supported data sets, such limitations may be improperly circumvented or otherwise
bypassed by certain users.    We expect to derive a significant portion of our revenue from renewals of existing support subscription
agreements. As a result, customers renewing and expanding their support subscription relationships with us will be critical to our business. Our support subscription customers have no obligation to renew their support subscriptions after the
expiration of the initial support subscription period and may renew for fewer elements of our support subscription offerings or on different pricing terms. We have limited historical data with respect to support subscription customer renewals,
including those support subscription arrangements which also allow the customer the ability to potentially impact the direction and development of the underlying open source solution, so we cannot accurately predict support subscription customer
renewals. Our support subscription customers  renewals may decline or fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, including their dissatisfaction with our pricing or our product offerings and their ability to continue their operations and
spending levels. If our support subscription customers do not renew their support subscriptions on similar pricing terms, our revenue may decline and our business could suffer. In addition, over time the average term of our contracts could change
based on renewals or for other reasons.  
      31  

Table of Contents  

    Because we derive our revenue and cash flows primarily from supporting our connected data
platforms and services and training related to them, failure of these offerings or our new product offerings to satisfy customer requirements or to achieve increased market acceptance would harm our business, results of operations, financial
condition and growth prospects.      We derive and expect to continue to derive primarily all of our revenue and cash flows from
customer fees for support subscription offerings and professional services in support of our connected data platforms: HDP and HDF. As such, the market acceptance of our connected data platforms is critical to our continued success. Customer demand
for them is affected by a number of factors beyond our control, including the market acceptance of an open source data platform for both incremental and existing and use cases, the continued enhancement of our connected data platforms to support new
use cases and to incorporate features and functionality desired by our support subscription customers, the timing of development and release of new products by our competitors, technological change and growth or contraction in our market. We expect
the proliferation of data to lead to an increase in the data storage and processing demands of our customers, and our connected data platforms may not be able to perform to meet those demands. If we are unable to continue to meet support
subscription customer requirements or to achieve more widespread market acceptance of our connected data platforms, our business, results of operations, financial condition and growth prospects will be harmed.  
   Our success is highly dependent on our ability to penetrate the existing market for open source connected data platforms as well as on
the growth and expansion of the market for open source connected data platforms.      The market for our connected data platforms
encompasses demand for open source distributed data platforms powered by Apache Hadoop and demand for open source data ingest platforms powered principally by open source projects like Apache NiFi. These markets are relatively new, rapidly evolving
and unproven. Our future success will depend in large part on our ability to penetrate the existing market for open source distributed data platforms, as well as the continued growth and expansion of that market, and it will also depend on the
ability of technology like Apache NiFi to penetrate the existing market for open source data ingest platforms as well as the continued growth and expansion of that market. It is difficult to predict support subscription customer adoption and
renewals, support subscription customer demand for our offerings, the size, growth rate and expansion of these markets, the entry of competitive products or the success of existing competitive products. Our ability to penetrate the existing market
for open source connected data platforms and any expansion of that market depends on a number of factors, including the cost, performance and perceived value associated with our offerings, as well as support subscription customers  willingness
to adopt an alternative approach to data collection, storage and processing. Furthermore, many potential support subscription customers have made significant investments in legacy data collection, storage and processing software and may be unwilling
to invest in new solutions. If the market for open source connected data platforms fails to grow or expand or decreases in size, or if we do not succeed in further penetrating that market, our business would be harmed.  
   If we are unable to maintain successful relationships with our partners, our business, results of operations and financial condition
could be harmed.      In addition to our direct sales force and our website, we use strategic partners, such as distribution partners
and resellers, to sell our support subscription offerings and our professional services. We expect that sales through partners will continue to grow as a proportion of our revenue for the foreseeable future.  
 Our agreements with our partners are generally non-exclusive, meaning our partners may offer customers the products and services of several
different companies, including products and services that compete with ours, or may themselves be or become competitors. If our partners do not effectively market and sell our support subscription offerings and our professional services, choose to
use greater efforts to market and sell their own products and services or those of our competitors, or fail to meet the needs of our customers, our ability to grow our business and sell our support subscription offerings and our professional
services may be harmed. Our partners may cease marketing our support subscription offerings or professional services with limited or no notice and with little or no penalty. The loss of a substantial number of our partners, our possible inability to
replace them, or the failure to recruit additional partners could harm our results of operations.    Our ability to achieve revenue growth
in the future will depend in part on our success in maintaining successful relationships with our partners, and in helping our partners enhance their ability to independently sell our support subscription offerings and deliver professional services.
If we are unable to maintain our relationships with these partners, or otherwise develop and expand our indirect distribution channel, our business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows could be harmed.  
      32  

Table of Contents  

    If we are unable to effectively compete, our business and operating results could be
harmed.      We face substantial competition from Hadoop distribution vendors such as Cloudera, Inc. and MapR Technologies, Inc., as
well as from enterprise software vendors, system providers and infrastructure companies not specifically focused on Hadoop distribution. Further, other established system providers not currently focused on Hadoop, including traditional data
warehouse solution providers such as Teradata Corporation ( Teradata ), SAP AG ( SAP ) and EMC Corporation ( EMC ), or open source distributed data platform providers, including non-relational NoSQL database providers
such as MongoDB, Inc. ( MongoDB ) and DataStax, Inc. ( DataStax ) may expand their products and services to compete with us. Additionally, some potential customers may elect to implement and self-support Hadoop deployments
internally, thus not purchasing a support subscription from us. Some of the companies that compete with us, or that may compete with us in the future, have greater name recognition, substantially greater financial, technical, marketing and other
resources, the ability to devote greater resources to the promotion, sale and support of their solutions, more extensive customer bases and broader customer relationships and longer operating histories than we have.  
 We expect competition to increase as other companies continue to evolve their offerings and as new companies enter our market. Increased
competition is likely to result in pricing pressures on our support subscription offerings and our professional services, which could negatively impact our gross margins. If we are unable to effectively compete, our revenue could decline and our
business, operating results and financial condition could be adversely affected.      The competitive position of our product offerings
depends in part on the offerings  ability to operate with third-party products and services, including those of our partners, and, if we are not successful in maintaining and expanding the compatibility of HDP and HDF with such products and
services, our business will suffer.      The competitive position of HDP and HDF depends in part on these offerings  ability to
operate with products and services of third parties, including software companies that offer applications designed for various business intelligence applications, software services and infrastructure, and it must be continuously modified and
enhanced to adapt to changes in hardware, software, networking, browser and database technologies. In the future, one or more technology companies, whether our partners or otherwise, may choose not to support the operation of their software,
software services and infrastructure with HDP or HDF, or our offerings may not support the capabilities needed to operate with such software, software services and infrastructure. In addition, to the extent that a third party were to develop
software or services that compete with ours, that provider may choose not to support HDP or HDF. We intend to facilitate the compatibility of our product platforms with various third party software, software services and infrastructure offerings by
maintaining and expanding our business and technical relationships. If we are not successful in achieving this goal, our business, financial condition and results of operations may suffer.  
   If open source software programmers, many of whom we do not employ, or our own internal programmers do not continue to develop and
enhance open source technologies, we may be unable to develop new technologies, adequately enhance our existing technologies or meet customer requirements for innovation, quality and price.    
 We rely to a significant degree on a number of independent open source software programmers, or Hadoop committers and contributors, to develop
and enhance Apache Hadoop and its related technologies. Additionally, members of the corresponding Apache Software Foundation Project Management Committees ( PMCs ), many of whom are not employed by us, are primarily responsible for the
oversight and evolution of the codebases of Hadoop and its related technologies. If the Hadoop committers and contributors fail to adequately further develop and enhance open source technologies, or if the PMCs fail to oversee and guide the
evolution of Hadoop-related technologies in the manner that we believe is appropriate to maximize the market potential of our offerings, then we would have to rely on other parties, or we would need to expend additional resources, to develop and
enhance our offerings. We also must devote adequate resources to our own internal programmers to support their continued development and enhancement of open source technologies, and if we do not do so, we may have to turn to third parties or
experience delays in developing or enhancing open source technologies. We cannot predict whether further developments and enhancements to these technologies would be available from reliable alternative sources. In either event, our development
expenses could be increased and our technology release and upgrade schedules could be delayed. Delays in developing, completing or delivering new or enhanced offerings could cause our offerings to be less competitive, impair customer acceptance of
our offerings and result in delayed or reduced revenue for our offerings.      Our subscription-based business model may encounter
customer resistance or we may experience a decline in the demand for our offerings.      We provide our support subscription offerings
primarily under annual or multi-year subscriptions. A support subscription generally entitles a support subscription customer to a specified scope of support, as well as security updates, fixes, functionality enhancements and upgrades to the
technology and new versions of the software, if and when available, and compatibility with an ecosystem of certified hardware and software applications. We may encounter support subscription customer resistance to this distribution model or support
subscription customers may fail to honor the terms of our support subscription agreements. To the extent we are unsuccessful in promoting or defending this distribution model, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows
could be harmed.  
      33  

Table of Contents  

  Demand for our offerings may fluctuate based on numerous factors, including the spending levels
and growth of our current and prospective support subscription customers, and general economic conditions. In addition, our support subscription customers generally undertake a significant evaluation process that may result in a prolonged sales
cycle. We spend substantial time, effort and money on our sales efforts, including developing and implementing appropriate go-to-market strategies and training our sales force and ecosystem partners in order to effectively market new solutions,
without any assurance that our efforts will produce any sales. The purchase of our offerings may be discretionary and can involve significant expenditures. If our current and prospective support subscription customers cut costs, then they may
significantly reduce their enterprise software expenditures.    As technologies and the marketplace for our offerings change, our
subscription-based business model may no longer meet the needs of our support subscription customers. Consequently, we may need to develop new and appropriate marketing and pricing strategies for our solutions. If we are unable to adapt our business
model to changes in the marketplace or if demand for our solutions declines, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be harmed.  
   If we are unable to expand sales to existing customers, our growth could be slower than we expect and our business and results of 
operations may be harmed.      Our future growth depends in part upon expanding sales of our support subscription offerings and our
professional services to our existing customers. If our existing customers do not purchase additional or incremental support subscription offerings and professional services, our revenue may grow more slowly than expected, may not grow at all or may
decline. Additionally, increasing incremental sales to our current customer base requires increasingly sophisticated and costly sales efforts. There can be no assurance that our efforts will result in increased sales to existing customers and
additional revenue. If our efforts to expand sales to our existing customers are not successful, our business and operating results would be harmed.  
   Revenue from our largest customers has accounted for a significant percentage of our revenue, and the loss of one or more of our
significant customers would harm our business.      A significant portion of our revenue has been concentrated among a relatively small
number of large customers. The revenue from our three largest customers as a group accounted for approximately 16 percent and 15 percent of our total revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and 15 percent
and 19 percent for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. While we expect that the revenue from our largest customers will continue to decrease over time as a percentage of our total revenue as we generate more revenue
from other customers, we expect that revenue from a relatively small group of customers will continue to account for a significant portion of our revenue, at least in the near term. Our customer agreements generally do not contain long-term
commitments from our customers, and our customers may be able to terminate their agreements with us prior to expiration of the term.    We
may not be able to continue our relationships with any of our largest customers on the same or more favorable terms in future periods or our relationships may not continue beyond the terms of our existing contracts with them. Our revenue and
operating results would suffer if, among other things, any of our largest customers were to renegotiate, terminate, renew on less favorable terms or fail to renew their agreements with us.  
   Our future results of operations may fluctuate significantly, and our recent results of operations may not be a good indication of 
our future performance.      Our revenue and results of operations could vary significantly from period to period as a result of
various factors, many of which are outside of our control. At the beginning of each quarter, we do not know the number of new support subscriptions that we will enter into during the quarter. In addition, the contract value of our support
subscriptions varies substantially among customers, and a single, large support subscription in a given period could distort our results of operations. Comparing our revenue and results of operations on a period-to-period basis may not be
meaningful, and you should not rely on our past results as an indication of our future performance.    We may not be able to accurately
predict our future revenue or results of operations on a quarterly or longer-term basis. We base our current and future expense levels on our operating plans and sales forecasts, and our operating costs are expected to be relatively fixed in the
short-term. As a result, we may not be able to reduce our costs sufficiently to compensate for an unexpected shortfall in billings or revenue, and even a small shortfall in revenue in a quarter could harm our financial results for that quarter and
cause our financial results to fall short of analyst expectations, which could cause the market price of our common stock to decline substantially.  
      34  

Table of Contents  

  In addition to other risk factors described in this  Risk Factors  section, factors
that may cause our results of operations to fluctuate from quarter to quarter include:      

the timing of new customer contracts for support subscription offerings and professional services, and the
extent to which we earn additional revenue from existing customers as they expand their deployment of the HDP and the HDF offerings;         

the renewals of our support subscription arrangements with our customers;     

changes in the competitive dynamics of our market;     

customers delaying purchasing decisions in anticipation of new software or software enhancements;

the timing of satisfying revenue recognition criteria and our ability to obtain VSOE, for our support
subscription offerings;         

our ability to control costs, including our operating expenses;     

the proportion of revenue attributable to larger transactions as opposed to smaller transactions and the
impact that a change in such proportion may have on the overall average selling price of our support subscription offerings;         

the proportion of revenue attributable to support subscription offerings and professional services, which may
impact our gross margins and operating income;         

the reduction or elimination of support of the Apache Hadoop Project or the Apache NiFi Project by the Apache
Software Foundation, migration of Hadoop technology or NiFi technology to an organization other than the Apache Software Foundation, or any other actions taken by the Apache Software Foundation or the Apache Hadoop Project or the Apache NiFi Project
that may impact our business model;         

changes in customers  budgets and in the timing of their purchasing decisions;     

the collectability of receivables from customers and resellers, which may be hindered or delayed if these
customers or resellers experience financial distress; and         

general economic conditions, both domestically and internationally, as well as economic conditions
specifically affecting industries in which our customers participate.       Many of these factors are outside of our control,
and the variability and unpredictability of such factors could result in our failing to meet or exceed our financial expectations for a given period. We believe that quarter-to-quarter comparisons of our revenue, results of operations and cash flows
may not necessarily be indicative of our future performance.      Our sales cycle is long and unpredictable, particularly with respect
to large support subscription customers, and our sales efforts require considerable time and expense.      Our results of operations
may fluctuate, in part, because of the resource-intensive nature of our sales efforts, the length and variability of the sales cycle of our support subscription offerings and the difficulty in making short-term adjustments to our operating expenses.
Our results of operations depend in part on sales to large support subscription customers and increasing sales to existing customers. The length of our sales cycle, from initial evaluation to payment for our support subscription offerings is
generally six to nine months, but can vary substantially from customer to customer. Our sales cycle can extend to more than a year for some customers. It is difficult to predict exactly when, or even if, we will make a sale to a potential customer
or if we can increase sales to our existing customers. As a result, large individual sales have, in some cases, occurred in quarters subsequent to those we anticipated, or have not occurred at all. The loss or delay of one or more large transactions
in a quarter could impact our results of operations for that quarter and any future quarters for which revenue from that transaction is lost or delayed. As a result of these factors, it is difficult for us to forecast our revenue accurately in any
quarter. Because a substantial proportion of our expenses are relatively fixed in the short term, our results of operations will suffer if revenue falls below our expectations in a particular quarter, which could cause the price of our common stock
to decline.  
      35  

Table of Contents  

    We have experienced rapid growth in recent periods. If we fail to manage our growth
effectively, we may be unable to execute our business plan or maintain high levels of service and our financial results could be negatively impacted.    
 We have increased our number of full-time employees to 1,048 at September 30, 2016 from 794 at September 30, 2015 and have increased
our revenue to $132.5 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $84.5 million in the same period of 2015. Our recent growth and expansion has placed, and our anticipated growth may continue to place, a significant strain on our
managerial, administrative, operational, financial and other resources. We intend to continue to expand our overall business, customer base, headcount and operations. Continued growth increases the challenges involved in:  

recruiting, training and retaining sufficient skilled technical, marketing, sales and management personnel;

preserving our culture, values and entrepreneurial environment;     

developing and improving our internal administrative infrastructure, particularly our financial,
operational, compliance, recordkeeping, communications and other internal systems;         

managing our international operations and the risks associated therewith;     

maintaining high levels of satisfaction with our solutions among our customers; and     

effectively managing expenses related to any future growth.     
 If we fail to manage our growth effectively, our business, results of operations and financial condition could suffer.  
   Our future success depends in large part on the growth of the market for big data applications and an increase in the desire to ingest,
store and process big data, and we cannot be sure that the market for big data applications will grow as expected or, even if such growth occurs, that our business will grow at similar rates, or at all.    
 Our ability to increase the adoption of HDP and HDF, increase sales of support subscription offerings and professional services and grow our
business depends on the increased adoption of big data services and applications by enterprises. While we believe that big data services and applications can offer a compelling value proposition to many enterprises, the broad adoption of big data
applications and services also presents challenges to enterprises, including developing the internal expertise and infrastructure to manage big data applications and services effectively, coordinating multiple data sources, defining a big data
strategy that delivers an appropriate return on investment and implementing an information technology infrastructure and architecture that enables the efficient deployment of big data solutions. Accordingly, our expectations regarding the potential
for future growth in the market for big data applications and services, and the third-party growth estimates for this market in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, are subject to significant uncertainty. If the market for big data applications and
services does not grow as expected, our business prospects may be adversely affected. Even if the market for big data applications and services increases, we cannot be sure that our business will grow at a similar rate, or at all.  
   Because of the characteristics of open source software, there are few technological barriers to entry into the open source market by new
competitors, and it may be relatively easy for competitors, some of which may have greater resources than we have, to enter our markets and compete with us.    
 One of the characteristics of open source software is that anyone may modify and redistribute the existing open source software and use it to
compete in the marketplace. Such competition can develop without the degree of overhead and lead time required by traditional proprietary software companies. It is possible for competitors with greater resources than ours to develop their own open
source software, including software based on one or more components of Hadoop, NiFi, HDP or HDF, potentially reducing the demand for our solutions and putting price pressure on our support subscription offerings and our professional services. We
cannot guarantee that we will be able to compete successfully against current and future competitors or that competitive pressure or the availability of new open source software will not result in price reductions, reduced operating margins and loss
of market share, any one of which could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.      Our software
development and licensing model could be negatively impacted if the Apache License, Version 2.0 is not enforceable or is modified so as to become incompatible with other open source licenses.    
 HDP and HDF have been provided under the Apache License 2.0. This license states that any work of authorship licensed under it, and any
derivative work thereof, may be reproduced and distributed provided that certain conditions are met. It is possible that a court would hold this license to be unenforceable or that someone could assert a claim for proprietary rights in a program
developed and distributed under it. Any ruling by a court that this license is not enforceable, or that open source components of HDP or HDF may not be reproduced or distributed, may negatively impact our distribution or development of all or a
portion of HDP and HDF. In addition, at some time in the future it is possible that Apache Hadoop or Apache NiFi may be distributed under a different license or the Apache License 2.0 may be modified, which could, among other consequences,
negatively impact our continuing development or distribution of the software code subject to the new or modified license. Further, full utilization of HDP and HDF may depend on applications and services from various third parties, and in the future
these applications or services may not be available to our customers on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, which could harm our business.  
      36  

Table of Contents  

    We do not currently have vendor-specific objective evidence of fair value for support
subscription offerings, and we may offer certain contractual provisions to our customers that result in delayed recognition of revenue under U.S. GAAP, which could cause our results of operations to fluctuate significantly from period to period in
ways that do not correlate with our underlying business performance.      In the course of our selling efforts, we typically enter into
sales arrangements pursuant to which we provide support subscription offerings and professional services. We refer to each individual product or service as an  element  of the overall sales arrangement. These arrangements typically require
us to deliver particular elements in a future period. We apply software revenue recognition rules under U.S. GAAP. In certain cases, when we enter into more than one contract with a single customer, the group of contracts may be so closely related
that they are viewed under U.S. GAAP as one multiple-element arrangement for purposes of determining the appropriate amount and timing of revenue recognition. As we discuss further in  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates,  because we do not have VSOE for our support subscription offerings, and because we may offer certain contractual provisions to our customers, such as delivery
of support subscription offerings and professional services, or specified functionality, or because multiple contracts signed in different periods may be viewed as giving rise to multiple elements of a single arrangement, we may be required under
U.S. GAAP to defer revenue to future periods. Typically, for arrangements providing for support subscription offerings and professional services, we have recognized as revenue the entire arrangement fee ratably over the support subscription period,
although the appropriate timing of revenue recognition must be evaluated on an arrangement-by-arrangement basis and may differ from arrangement to arrangement. If we are unexpectedly required to defer revenue to future periods for a significant
portion of our sales, our revenue and overall operating results for a particular period could fall below our expectations or those of securities analysts and investors, resulting in a decline in our stock price.  
   Because we recognize revenue from subscriptions for our services over the term of the subscription, downturns or upturns in sales may
not be immediately reflected in our results of operations.      We generally recognize subscription revenue from support subscription
customers ratably over the term of their subscription agreements, which are generally 12 months, with some support subscription customers having subscription agreements with longer terms. As a result, much of the revenue we report in each quarter is
derived from deferred revenue from subscription agreements entered into during previous quarters. Consequently, a decline in the value of new support subscription agreements entered into within any one quarter, will not necessarily be fully
reflected in the revenue we record for that quarter and will harm our revenue in future quarters. In addition, we may be unable to adjust our cost structure to reflect this reduced revenue. Accordingly, the effect of significant downturns in sales
and market acceptance of our services may not be fully reflected in our results of operations until future periods. Our subscription model also makes it difficult for us to rapidly increase our revenue through additional sales in any period, as
revenue from new support subscription customers are recognized over the applicable subscription term.      Any failure to offer
high-quality support subscription offerings may harm our relationships with our support subscription customers and results of operations.    
 Once HDP and HDF are deployed, our support subscription customers depend on our software support organization to resolve technical issues
relating to the deployment. We may be unable to respond quickly enough to accommodate short-term increases in support subscription customer demand for support subscription offerings. We also may be unable to modify the format of our support
subscription offerings to compete with changes in offerings provided by our competitors. Increased support subscription customer demand for our support subscription offerings, without corresponding revenue, could increase costs and harm our results
of operations. In addition, our sales process is highly dependent on our business reputation and on positive references from our existing support subscription customers. Any failure to maintain high-quality support subscription offerings, or a
market perception that we do not maintain high-quality support subscription offerings, could harm our reputation, our ability to sell our support subscription offerings to existing and prospective support subscription customers and our results of
operations.      If we fail to comply with our customer contracts, our business could be harmed.    
 Any failure by us to comply with the specific provisions in our customer contracts could result in various negative outcomes, which may include
litigation, termination of contracts, forfeiture of profits and suspension of payments. Further, any negative publicity related to our customer contracts or any proceedings surrounding them, regardless of its accuracy, may damage our business and
affect our ability to compete for new contracts. If our customer contracts are terminated, or if our ability to compete for new contracts is adversely affected, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be harmed.
 
      37  

Table of Contents  

    HDP or HDF may contain errors that may be costly to correct, delay market acceptance of our
solutions and expose us to claims and litigation.      Despite our testing procedures, errors, including security vulnerabilities or
incompatibilities with third-party software and hardware, have been and may continue to be found in HDP or HDF after deployment. This risk is increased by the fact that much of the code in HDP and HDF are developed by independent parties over whom
we may not exercise supervision or control. If errors are discovered, we may have to make significant expenditures of capital and devote significant technical resources to analyze, correct, eliminate or manage them, and we may not be able to
successfully do so in a timely manner, or at all. Errors and failures in HDP or HDF could result in a loss of, or delay in, market acceptance of our enterprise technologies, loss of existing or potential customers and delayed or lost revenue and
could damage our reputation and our ability to convince enterprise users of the benefits of HDP, the HDF Platform and our other offerings.  
 In addition, errors in HDP or HDF could cause system failures, loss of data or other adverse effects for our customers who may assert warranty
and other claims for substantial damages against us. Furthermore, the mere allegation of such errors and adverse effects could expose us to warranty and other claims for substantial damages. Although our agreements with our customers often contain
provisions that seek to limit our exposure to such claims, it is possible that these provisions may not be effective or enforceable under the laws of some jurisdictions or may not significantly limit our exposure to certain claims. While we seek to
insure against these types of claims, our insurance policies may not adequately limit our exposure to such claims or may not apply to certain claims. These claims, even if unsuccessful, could be costly and time consuming to defend and could harm our
business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.      Incorrect or improper implementation or use of HDP or HDF
could result in customer dissatisfaction and harm our business, results of operations, financial condition and growth prospects.    
 HDP and HDF are deployed in a wide variety of technology environments, including in large-scale, complex technology environments, and we
believe our future success will depend at least in part on our ability to support such deployments. Hadoop and NiFi are technically very complicated, and it is not easy to maximize the value of our offerings without proper implementation and
training. We often must assist our customers in achieving successful implementations for large, complex deployments. If our customers are unable to implement HDP or HDF successfully, or in a timely manner, customer perceptions of our company and our
offerings may be impaired, our reputation and brand may suffer, and customers may choose not to renew their subscriptions or increase their purchases of our support subscription offerings or professional services.  
 Our customers and partners may need training in the proper use of and the variety of benefits that can be derived from HDP or HDF to maximize
their potential. HDP or HDF may perform inadequately if they are not implemented or used correctly or as intended. The incorrect or improper implementation or use of our product offerings, our failure to train customers on how to efficiently and
effectively use HDP or HDF, or our failure to provide effective support subscription offerings or professional services to our customers, may result in negative publicity or legal claims against us. Also, as we continue to expand our customer base,
any failure by us to properly provide these services will likely result in lost opportunities for follow-on sales of our support subscription offerings and professional services.  
   Interruptions or performance problems associated with our technology and infrastructure may harm our business and results of 
operations.      Our website and internal technology infrastructure may experience performance issues due to a variety of factors,
including infrastructure changes, human or software errors, website or third-party hosting or cloud computing disruptions or capacity constraints due to a number of potential causes, including technical failures, natural disasters or fraud or
security attacks. If our security is compromised, our website is unavailable or our users are unable to download our tools or order support subscription offerings or professional services within a reasonable amount of time or at all, our business
could be harmed. We expect to continue to make significant investments to maintain and improve website performance and to enable rapid releases of new features and applications for HDP and HDF. To the extent that we do not effectively upgrade our
systems as needed and continually develop our technology and network architecture to accommodate actual and anticipated changes in technology, our business and results of operations may be harmed.  
 In addition, we rely on SaaS technologies from third parties in order to operate critical functions of our business, including financial
management services from NetSuite Inc., customer relationship management services from salesforce.com, inc. and lead generation management services from Marketo, Inc. If these services become unavailable due to extended outages or interruptions or
because they are no longer available on commercially reasonable terms or prices, our expenses could increase, our ability to manage our finances could be interrupted, our processes for managing sales of our support subscription offerings and
professional services and supporting our customers could be impaired, and our ability to generate and manage sales leads could be weakened until equivalent services, if available, are identified, obtained and implemented, all of which could harm our
business and results of operations.  
      38  

Table of Contents  

    We depend on our executive officers and other key employees, and the loss of one or more of
these employees or an inability to attract and retain highly skilled employees could harm our business.      Our success depends
largely upon the continued services of our executive officers and other key employees, including many Hadoop committers. We rely on our leadership team in the areas of research and development, operations, security, marketing, sales, support and
general and administrative functions, and on individual contributors in our research and development. From time to time, there may be changes in our executive management team resulting from the hiring or departure of executives, which could disrupt
our business. We do not have employment agreements with our executive officers or other key personnel that require them to continue to work for us for any specified period and, therefore, they could terminate their employment with us at any time.
The loss of one or more of our key employees or executive officers could harm our business.    In addition, to execute our growth plan, we
must attract and retain highly qualified personnel. Competition for such personnel in the San Francisco Bay Area, where our headquarters is located, and in other locations where we maintain offices, is intense, especially for experienced sales
professionals and for engineers experienced in designing and developing software and Apache Hadoop applications. The Apache Hadoop Project relies on Hadoop committers for the project s technical management. While we currently employ a large
number of Hadoop core committers and innovators, one becomes a committer by invitation only. As a result, the market to hire such individuals is very competitive. If our employees who are Hadoop core committers terminate their employment with us, we
could lose our ability to innovate the core open source technology, define the roadmap for the future of Hadoop, distribute predictable and reliable enterprise quality releases and provide comprehensive support to our customers. We have, from time
to time, experienced, and we expect to continue to experience, difficulty in hiring and retaining employees with appropriate qualifications. Many of the companies with which we compete for experienced personnel have greater resources than we have.
If we hire employees from competitors or other companies, their former employers may attempt to assert that these employees or we have breached legal obligations, resulting in a diversion of our time and resources. Finally, job candidates and
existing employees often consider the value of the equity awards they receive in connection with their employment. If the perceived value of our equity awards declines, it may harm our ability to recruit and retain highly skilled employees. If we
fail to attract new personnel or fail to retain and motivate our current personnel, our business and future growth prospects could be harmed.  
   If we do not effectively expand and train our sales force, we may be unable to add new customers or increase sales to our existing
customers, and if so, our business would be harmed.      We continue to be substantially dependent on our sales force to obtain new
customers and to drive additional use cases among our existing customers. We believe that there is significant competition for sales personnel, including enterprise sales representatives, sales engineers and professional services employees, with the
skills and technical knowledge that we require. In particular, there is significant demand for sales engineers with Hadoop expertise. Our ability to achieve significant revenue growth will depend, in large part, on our success in recruiting,
training and retaining sufficient numbers of sales personnel to support our growth. Recent changes to our sales leadership could adversely affect our ability to do so, which could have a negative impact on our sales productivity or sales execution.
New hires require significant training and may take significant time before they achieve full productivity. Our recent hires and planned hires may not become productive as quickly as we expect, and we may be unable to hire or retain sufficient
numbers of qualified individuals in the markets where we do business or plan to do business. In addition, as we continue to grow rapidly, a large percentage of our sales force will have relatively little experience working with us, our support
subscription offerings and our business model. If we are unable to hire and train sufficient numbers of effective sales personnel, or our sales personnel are not successful in obtaining new customers or increasing sales to our existing customer
base, our business would be harmed.      If we are not successful in expanding our international business, we may incur additional
losses and our revenue growth could be harmed.      Our future results depend, in part, on our ability to expand into international
markets. We also have a number of distributor and reseller relationships for our support subscription offerings and professional services in international markets. Our ability to expand internationally will depend upon our ability to deliver
functionality and foreign language translations that reflect the needs of the international clients that we target. Our ability to expand internationally involves various risks, including the need to invest significant resources in such expansion,
and the possibility that returns on such investments will not be achieved in the near future or at all in these less familiar competitive environments. We may also choose to conduct our international business through strategic alliances. If we are
unable to identify strategic alliance partners or negotiate favorable alliance terms, our international growth may be harmed. In addition, we have incurred and may continue to incur significant expenses in advance of generating material revenue as
we attempt to establish our presence in particular international markets.    Expanding our business internationally will also require
significant attention from our management and will require us to add additional management and other resources in these markets. Our ability to expand our business, attract talented employees and enter into strategic alliances in an increasing
number of international markets requires considerable management attention and resources and  
      39  

Table of Contents  

is subject to the particular challenges of supporting a rapidly growing business in an environment of multiple languages, cultures, customs, legal systems, alternative dispute systems, regulatory
systems, commercial infrastructures and technology infrastructure. If we are unable to grow our international operations in a timely manner, we may incur additional losses and our revenue growth could be harmed.  
   As we expand internationally, our business will become more susceptible to risks associated with international operations.    
 We principally sell our offerings through sales personnel in the United States, Australia, Brazil, Canada, France, Germany, India, Ireland,
Japan, the Netherlands, Singapore, South Korea, Sweden and the United Kingdom and currently have operations in the United States, Australia, Chile, Hungary, India, Ireland and the United Kingdom. We also have development teams in Hungary, India and
Ukraine and a number of distributor and reseller relationships for our support subscription offerings and our professional services in other international markets. Conducting international operations subjects us to risks that we have not generally
faced in the United States. These risks include:      

fluctuations in currency exchange rates;     

unexpected changes in foreign regulatory requirements;     

potentially different pricing environments and longer sales cycles;     

difficulties in managing the staffing of international operations;     

potentially adverse tax consequences, including the complexities of foreign value-added tax systems,
restrictions on the repatriation of earnings and changes in tax rates;         

dependence on strategic alliance partners to increase client acquisition;     

the burdens of complying with a wide variety of foreign laws and different legal standards;

increased financial accounting and reporting burdens and complexities;     

political, social and economic instability abroad, such as the United Kingdom s referendum in June 2016
in which voters approved an exit from the European Union and instability in Ukraine (where we have a development team);         

laws and business practices favoring local competitors;     

terrorist attacks and security concerns in general; and     

reduced or varied protection for intellectual property rights in some countries.     
 The occurrence of any one of these risks could harm our international business and, consequently, our results of operations. Additionally,
operating in international markets requires significant management attention and financial resources. We cannot be certain that the investment and additional resources required to operate in other countries will produce desired levels of revenue or
profitability.      We have made strategic acquisitions in the past and intend to do so in the future. If we are unable to find suitable
acquisitions or partners, or to achieve expected benefits from such acquisitions or partnerships, our business, financial condition, results of  operations and prospects could be harmed.    
 As part of our ongoing business strategy to expand our suite of solutions and acquire new technology, from time to time we engage in
discussions with third parties regarding, and enter into agreements relating to, possible acquisitions, strategic alliances and joint ventures. For example, in May 2014, we acquired new technology, know-how and solutions through our acquisition of
Agniv, Inc. d/b/a XA Secure, a data security company, in April 2015, we acquired SequenceIQ, kft ( SequenceIQ ), an open source provider of rapid deployment tools for Hadoop, located in Budapest, Hungary, and in August 2015, we acquired
Onyara, a key contributor to Apache NiFi. There may be significant competition for acquisition targets in our industry, or we may not be able to identify suitable acquisition candidates, negotiate attractive terms for acquisitions or complete
acquisitions on expected timelines, or at all. If we are unable to complete strategic acquisitions or do not realize the expected benefits of the acquisitions we do complete, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects
could be harmed.    Even if we are able to complete acquisitions or enter into alliances and joint ventures that we believe will be
successful, such transactions are inherently risky. Significant risks associated with these transactions, include:      

failing to achieve anticipated synergies, including with respect to complementary software or services;

losing key employees of the acquired businesses;     

integration and restructuring costs, both one-time and ongoing;     
      40  

Table of Contents  

maintaining sufficient controls, policies and procedures, including around integration and accounting for
acquisition-related expenses;         

diversion of management s attention from ongoing business operations;     

establishing new informational, operational and financial systems to meet the needs of our business;

our inability to maintain the key business relationships and the reputations of the businesses we acquire;

uncertainty of entry into markets in which we have limited or no prior experience and in which competitors
have stronger market positions;         

our dependence on unfamiliar affiliates and partners of the companies we acquire;     

insufficient revenue to offset our increased expenses associated with acquisitions;     

potentially incurring accounting charges as we transition an acquired company to our open source business
model;         

our responsibility for the liabilities of the businesses we acquire; and     

unanticipated and unknown liabilities.     
 If we are not successful in completing acquisitions in the future or do not realize the expected benefits of the acquisitions we do complete,
we may be required to reevaluate our acquisition strategy. We also may incur substantial expenses and devote significant management time and resources in seeking to complete acquisitions, some of which may ultimately not be consummated or not result
in expected benefits. The occurrence of any of these acquisition-related risks could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.  
   Our continued success depends on our ability to maintain and enhance strong brands.    
 We believe that the brand identities that we have developed have contributed significantly to the success of our business. We also believe that
maintaining and enhancing our brands is important to expanding our customer base and attracting talented employees. In order to maintain and enhance our brands, we may be required to make further investments that may not be successful. Maintaining
our brands will depend in part on our ability to remain a leading innovator in open source technology and our ability to continue to provide high-quality offerings. If we fail to promote and maintain our brands, or if we incur excessive costs in
doing so, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be harmed.      Our efforts to protect our
intellectual property rights may not be adequate to prevent third parties from misappropriating our intellectual property rights in our know-how, software and trademarks.    
 We have developed proprietary methodologies, know-how and software related to software development, testing and quality assurance. Failure to
adequately protect and defend our intellectual property rights in these areas may diminish the value of HDP and HDF or our other technologies, impair our ability to compete effectively and harm our business.  
 In addition, the protective steps we have taken in the past may be inadequate to protect and deter misappropriation of our intellectual
property rights. We may be unable to detect the unauthorized use of, or take appropriate steps to enforce, our intellectual property rights in a timely manner. We have a registered copyright in China, have registered trademarks in Australia, Canada,
the European Community, Hong Kong, Japan, Mexico, New Zealand, Russia, Singapore, Switzerland, Taiwan, the United Kingdom, and the United States and have issued patent claims in the United States. We also have copyright, trademark and patent
applications pending in various international jurisdictions. Effective intellectual property protection may not be available in every country in which we offer or intend to distribute our solutions. We may be unable to prevent third parties from
acquiring domain names that are similar to, infringe upon, or diminish the value of our trademarks and other proprietary rights. Failure to adequately protect our trademark rights could damage or even destroy one or more of our brands and impair our
ability to compete effectively. Furthermore, defending or enforcing our intellectual property rights could result in the expenditure of significant financial and managerial resources.  
   We may be subject to intellectual property rights claims by third parties, which are extremely costly to defend, could require us to pay
significant damages and could limit our ability to use certain technologies.      Companies in the software and technology industries,
including some of our current and potential competitors, own large numbers of patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade secrets and frequently enter into litigation based on allegations of infringement or other violations of intellectual property
rights. In addition, many of these companies can dedicate substantially greater resources to enforce their intellectual property rights, and to defend claims that may be brought against them, than we can. We have received, and we and
 
      41  

Table of Contents  

the Apache Hadoop Project and the Apache NiFi Project may in the future receive, notices that claim we have misappropriated, misused, or infringed other parties  intellectual property
rights, and, to the extent Hadoop or NiFi gains greater market visibility, we the Apache Hadoop Project and the Apache NiFi Project, as applicable, face a higher risk of being the subject of intellectual property infringement claims. In addition, we
could be subject to lawsuits by parties claiming ownership of what we believe to be open source software.    Any intellectual property
infringement claims, with or without merit, could be very time-consuming, could be expensive to settle or litigate and could divert our management s attention and other resources. These claims could also subject us to significant liability for
damages, potentially including treble damages if we are found to have willfully infringed patents or copyrights. These claims could also result in our having to stop using technology found to be in violation of a third party s rights. We might
be required to seek a license for the intellectual property, which may not be available on reasonable terms or at all. Even if a license were available, we could be required to pay significant royalties, which would increase our operating expenses.
As a result, we may be required to develop alternative non-infringing technology, which could require significant effort and expense. Any of these results would harm our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.  
   Federal, state, foreign government and industry regulations, as well as self-regulation related to privacy and data security concerns,
pose the threat of lawsuits and other liability.      We collect and utilize demographic and other information, including personally
identifiable information, from and about our employees and our users (such as customers, potential customers and others). Such information may be collected from our users when they visit our website or elect to use our support tools, or when users
provide personal information to us in many contexts such as when signing up for certain services, registering for seminars, participating in a survey, connecting with other users and Hadoop and NiFi experts in our forums, participating in
Hortonworks University classes, participating in polls or signing up to receive e-mail newsletters.    Within the United States, various
federal and state laws and regulations govern the collection, use, retention, sharing and security of the data we receive from and about employees and users. Outside of the United States, various jurisdictions actively regulate and enforce laws
regarding the collection, retention, transfer and use (including loss and unauthorized access) of data and personal information. Privacy advocates and government bodies have increasingly scrutinized the ways in which companies link personal
identities and data associated with particular users or devices with data collected through the internet, and we expect such scrutiny to continue to increase. In July 2016, the European Commission adopted a new framework, the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield,
to replace the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework. We are currently assessing the impact of the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield on our operations. Loss, retention or misuse of certain information and alleged violations of laws and regulations relating to privacy
and data security, and any relevant claims, may expose us to potential liability and may require us to expend significant resources on data security and in responding to and defending such allegations and claims.  
   Security and privacy breaches may hurt our business.    
 Any security breach, unauthorized access, unauthorized usage, virus or similar breach or disruption could result in the loss of confidential
information, damage to our reputation, early termination of our contracts, litigation, regulatory investigations or other liabilities. If our, our customers  or our partners  security measures are breached as a result of third-party
action, employee error, malfeasance or otherwise and, as a result, someone obtains unauthorized access to data, our reputation will be damaged, our business may suffer and we could incur significant liability.  
 Techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or to sabotage systems change frequently and generally are not recognized until launched against
a target. As a result, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. If an actual or perceived security breach occurs, the market perception of our security measures could be harmed and we could lose
sales and customers. Any significant violations of data privacy could result in the loss of business, litigation and regulatory investigations and penalties that could damage our reputation and adversely impact our results of operations and
financial condition. Moreover, if a high-profile security breach occurs with respect to another Hadoop or NiFi provider, our customers and potential customers may lose trust in the security of Hadoop- or NiFi-based solutions generally, which could
adversely impact our ability to retain existing customers or attract new ones.      Prolonged economic uncertainties or downturns could
harm our business.      Current or future economic downturns could harm our business and results of operations. Negative conditions in
the general economy both in the United States and abroad, including conditions resulting from financial and credit market fluctuations and terrorist attacks in the United States, Europe or elsewhere, could cause a decrease in corporate spending on
enterprise software in general and slow down the rate of growth of our business. In particular, the recent decision by voters in the United Kingdom to leave the European Union has and may continue to result in significant and wide-ranging economic
effects across multiple markets.  
      42  

Table of Contents  

  General worldwide economic conditions have experienced, and in the future may experience, a
significant downturn. These conditions make it extremely difficult for our customers and us to forecast and plan future business activities accurately, and they could cause our customers to reevaluate their decision to purchase our offerings, which
could delay and lengthen our sales cycles or result in cancellations of planned purchases. Furthermore, during challenging economic times our customers may face issues in gaining timely access to sufficient credit, which could impair their ability
to make timely payments to us. If that were to occur, we may be required to increase our allowance for doubtful accounts, which would harm our results of operations.  
 We have a significant number of customers in the business services, advertising, financial services, government, healthcare and
pharmaceuticals, high technology, manufacturing, media and entertainment, oil and gas, online services, retail and telecommunications industries. A substantial downturn in any of these industries may cause firms to react to worsening conditions by
reducing their capital expenditures in general or by specifically reducing their spending on information technology. Customers in these industries may delay or cancel information technology projects or seek to lower their costs by renegotiating
vendor contracts. To the extent purchases of our offerings are perceived by customers and potential customers to be discretionary, our revenue may be disproportionately affected by delays or reductions in general information technology spending.
Also, support subscription customers may choose to develop or utilize in-house self-support capabilities as an alternative to purchasing our support subscription offerings or professional services. Moreover, competitors may respond to market
conditions by lowering prices of support subscription offerings. In addition, the increased pace of consolidation in certain industries may result in reduced overall spending on our support subscription offerings or professional services.  
 We cannot predict the timing, strength or duration of any economic slowdown, instability or recovery, generally or within any particular
industry. If the economic conditions of the general economy or industries in which we operate worsen from present levels, our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be harmed.  
   We may require additional capital to support business growth, and this capital might not be available on acceptable terms, if at all.
     We intend to continue to make investments to support our business growth and may require additional funds to respond to business
challenges, including the need to develop new features or otherwise enhance HDP, HDF or our other technologies, improve our operating infrastructure or acquire complementary businesses and technologies. Accordingly, we may need to engage in equity
or debt financings to secure additional funds. If we raise additional funds through future issuances of equity or convertible debt securities, our existing stockholders could suffer significant dilution, and any new equity securities we issue could
have rights, preferences and privileges superior to those of holders of our common stock. Any debt financing that we may secure in the future could involve restrictive covenants relating to our capital raising activities and other financial and
operational matters, which may make it more difficult for us to obtain additional capital and to pursue business opportunities, including potential acquisitions. We may not be able to obtain additional financing on terms that are favorable to us, if
at all. If we are unable to obtain adequate financing or financing on terms that are satisfactory to us when we require it, our ability to continue to support our business growth and to respond to business challenges could be significantly impaired,
and our business may be harmed.      If our goodwill or amortizable intangible assets become impaired, we may be required to record a
significant charge to earnings.      Under U.S. GAAP, we review our amortizable intangible assets for impairment when events or changes
in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. Goodwill is required to be tested for impairment at least annually. Factors that may be considered a change in circumstances indicating that the carrying value of our goodwill or
amortizable intangible assets may not be recoverable include a decline in stock price and market capitalization, reduced future cash flow estimates and slower growth rates in our industry. We may be required to record a significant charge to
earnings in our financial statements during the period in which any impairment of our goodwill or amortizable intangible assets is determined, which could harm our results of operations.  
   Our ability to use our net operating losses to offset future taxable income may be subject to certain limitations.    
 As of December 31, 2015, we had federal, state and foreign tax net operating loss carryforwards ( NOLs ) of $253.0 million,
$223.1 million and $1.2 million, respectively, due to prior period losses. In general, under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Code, a corporation that undergoes an  ownership change  is subject to
limitations on its ability to utilize its NOLs to offset future taxable income. Our existing NOLs may be subject to limitations arising from previous ownership changes, including in connection with our IPO, concurrent private placement or follow-on
offering, and if we undergo an ownership change in the future, our ability to utilize NOLs could be further limited by Section 382 of the Code. Future changes in our stock ownership, some of which are outside of our control, could result in an
ownership change under Section 382 of the Code. Furthermore, our ability to utilize NOLs of companies that we may acquire in the future may be subject to limitations. There is also a risk that, due to regulatory changes, such as suspensions on
the use of NOLs, or other unforeseen reasons, our existing NOLs could expire or otherwise be unavailable to offset future income tax liabilities. For these reasons, we may not be able to realize a tax benefit from the use of our NOLs, whether or not
we attain profitability.  
      43  

Table of Contents  

    We have business and customer relationships with certain entities who are stockholders or
affiliated with our directors, or both, and conflicts of interest may arise because of such relationships.      Some of our customers
and other business partners are affiliated with certain of our directors or hold shares of our capital stock, or both. For example, we have entered into strategic relationships and/or customer relationships with Yahoo!, Red Hat and Hewlett
Packard Enterprise. Our directors Jay Rossiter, Paul Cormier and Martin Fink are employees of Yahoo!, Red Hat and Hewlett Packard Enterprise, respectively, and Yahoo! and Hewlett Packard Enterprise are stockholders. We believe that the
transactions and agreements that we have entered into with related parties are on terms that are at least as favorable as could reasonably have been obtained at such time from third parties. However, these relationships could create, or appear to
create, potential conflicts of interest when our Board of Directors is faced with decisions that could have different implications for us and these other parties or their affiliates. In addition, conflicts of interest may arise between us and these
other parties and their affiliates. The appearance of conflicts, even if such conflicts do not materialize, might adversely affect the public s perception of us, as well as our relationship with other companies and our ability to enter into new
relationships in the future, including with competitors of such related parties, which could harm our business and results of operations.  
   Catastrophic events may disrupt our business.    
 Our corporate headquarters are located in Santa Clara, California, and we utilize data centers that are located in North America. Additionally,
we rely on our network and third-party infrastructure and enterprise applications, internal technology systems and our website for our development, marketing, operational support, hosted services and sales activities. The west coast of the United
States contains active earthquake zones. In the event of a major earthquake, hurricane, or catastrophic event such as fire, power loss, telecommunications failure, cyber-attack, war, or terrorist attack, we may be unable to continue our operations
and may endure system interruptions, reputational harm, delays in our application development, extended interruptions in HDP and HDF, breaches of data security and loss of critical data, all of which could harm our future results of operations.  
   If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to accurately or timely report our financial results
or prevent fraud.      Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the  Sarbanes Oxley Act ) requires, among other
things, that we maintain effective internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures. In particular, we must perform system and process evaluation and testing of our internal control over financial reporting to allow
management to report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. A report of our management is included under Item 4.  Controls and Procedures  of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. During its evaluation of
the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2015, management identified a material weakness related to the control surrounding the recognition of revenue and deferred revenue for a subset of
non-standard license transactions where post-contract support renewal rates were stated upon commencement of the arrangement. Our findings are related to the design effectiveness of this control. Each of the aforementioned transactions originated
prior to our establishment and formalization of Section 404 internal controls in July 2015. A secondary review of these specific agreements was not performed at a sufficiently detailed level to detect errors in recognition of revenue and
deferred revenue related to these arrangements. With the oversight of management and our Audit Committee, we initiated actions to address the root causes of the material weakness identified. There can be no assurance that such actions will be
sufficient to remedy the material weakness identified or that additional or other control deficiencies will not be identified in the future. If we continue to experience a material weakness in our internal controls or fail to maintain or implement
required new or improved controls, such circumstances could cause us to fail to meet our periodic reporting obligations or result in material misstatements in our financial statements, or adversely affect the results of periodic management
evaluations and annual auditor attestation reports when such report is required. Each of the foregoing results could cause stockholders to lose confidence in our reported financial information and lead to a decline in our stock price. See
Item 4.  Controls and Procedures  for more information.  
      44  

Table of Contents  

   Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock   
   Our stock price has been, and may continue to be, volatile or may decline regardless of our operating performance, resulting in
substantial losses for our stockholders.      The trading price of our common stock has been, and may continue to be, volatile and
could fluctuate widely regardless of our operating performance. The market price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly in response to numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control, including:  

actual or anticipated fluctuations in our results of operations;     

the financial projections we may provide to the public, any changes in these projections or our failure to
meet these projections;         

failure of securities analysts to initiate or maintain coverage of our company, changes in financial estimates
and publication of other news by any securities analysts who follow our company, or our failure to meet these estimates or the expectations of investors;         

ratings changes by any securities analysts who follow our company;     

announcements by us or our competitors of significant technical innovations, acquisitions, strategic
partnerships, joint ventures, or capital commitments;         

changes in operating performance and stock market valuations of other technology companies generally, or those
in our industry in particular;         

price and volume fluctuations in the overall stock market from time to time, including as a result of trends
in the economy as a whole;         

changes in accounting standards, policies, guidelines, interpretations or principles;     

actual or anticipated developments in our business or our competitors  businesses or the competitive
landscape generally;         

developments or disputes concerning our intellectual property or our offerings, or third-party proprietary
rights;         

announced or completed acquisitions of businesses or technologies by us or our competitors;

new laws or regulations or new interpretations of existing laws, or regulations applicable to our business;

any major change in our Board of Directors or management;     

sales of shares of our common stock by us or our stockholders;     

lawsuits threatened or filed against us; and     

other events or factors, including those resulting from war, incidents of terrorism, or responses to these
events.       In addition, the stock markets have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have affected and
continue to affect the market prices of equity securities of many technology companies. Stock prices of many technology companies have fluctuated in a manner unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies. In
particular, the trading price of our common stock has fluctuated significantly in recent periods. In the past, stockholders have instituted securities class action litigation following periods of market volatility, and a securities class action
litigation was recently instituted against us. This securities litigation and any other securities litigation we may become involved in may subject us to substantial costs, may divert resources and the attention of management from operating our
business and may harm our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.      Our directors, officers and
principal stockholders beneficially own a significant percentage of our stock and will be able to exert significant control over matters subject to stockholder approval.    
 As of November 1, 2016, our directors, officers, five percent or greater stockholders, and their respective affiliates beneficially owned
in the aggregate approximately 45 percent of our outstanding voting stock. These stockholders may be able to determine all matters requiring stockholder approval. For example, these stockholders will be able to control elections of directors,
amendments of our organizational documents, and approval of any merger, sale of assets, or other major corporate transaction. This may prevent or discourage unsolicited acquisition proposals or offers for our common stock that you may feel are in
your best interest as one of our stockholders.  
      45  

Table of Contents  

    Anti-takeover provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law could make an
acquisition of our company more difficult, limit attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management and limit the market price of our common stock.    
 Provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of
control or changes in our management. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws include provisions that:      

authorize our Board of Directors to issue, without further action by the stockholders, shares of undesignated
preferred stock with terms, rights and preferences determined by our Board of Directors that may be senior to our common stock;         

require that any action to be taken by our stockholders be effected at a duly called annual or special meeting
and not by written consent;         

specify that special meetings of our stockholders can be called only by our Board of Directors, the Chair of
our Board of Directors, or our Chief Executive Officer;         

establish an advance notice procedure for stockholder proposals to be brought before an annual meeting,
including proposed nominations of persons for election to our Board of Directors;         

establish that our Board of Directors is divided into three classes, Class I, Class II and Class III, with
each class serving three-year staggered terms;         

prohibit cumulative voting in the election of directors;     

provide that our directors may be removed only for cause;     

provide that vacancies on our Board of Directors may be filled only by a majority of directors then in office,
even though less than a quorum; and         

require the approval of our Board of Directors or the holders of at least seventy-five percent of our
outstanding shares of capital stock to amend our bylaws and certain provisions of our certificate of incorporation.     
 These provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management by making it more
difficult for stockholders to replace members of our Board of Directors, which is responsible for appointing the members of our management. In addition, because we are incorporated in Delaware, we are governed by the provisions of Section 203
of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which generally prohibits a Delaware corporation from engaging in any of a broad range of business combinations with any  interested  stockholder for a period of three years following the date on
which the stockholder became an  interested  stockholder. Any delay or prevention of a change of control transaction or changes in our management could cause the market price of our common stock to decline.  
   We are an  emerging growth company,  and we cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging
growth companies will make our common stock less attractive to investors.      We are an  emerging growth company,  as
defined in the federal securities laws, and we are taking advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not  emerging growth companies  including, but not limited
to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions
from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. For as long as we continue to be an emerging growth company, we intend to take
advantage of certain of these exemptions. We cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive because we may rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less
active trading market for our common stock and our stock price may be more volatile.    Section 107 of the JOBS Act provides that an
 emerging growth company  can take advantage of an extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards. However, we chose to  opt out  of such extended transition period, and as a result, we will
comply with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. Our decision to opt out of the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting
standards is irrevocable.    We will remain an  emerging growth company  until the earliest of: (i) the last day of the
fiscal year following the five-year anniversary of the completion of our IPO; (ii) the end of the fiscal year in which we have more than $1.0 billion in annual revenue; (iii) the end of the fiscal year in which we qualify as a  large
accelerated filer , with at least $700 million of equity securities held by non-affiliates as of the end of the second quarter of such fiscal year; and (iv) the date on which we have, during the previous three-year period, issued more than
$1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities.  
      46  

Table of Contents  

    The requirements of being a public company may strain our resources, divert
management s attention and affect our ability to attract and retain executive management and qualified board members.      As a
public company, we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010, the listing requirements of the exchanges and other markets upon which
our common stock is listed, and other applicable securities rules and regulations.    Compliance with these rules and regulations will
continue to increase our legal and financial compliance costs, make some activities more difficult, time-consuming, or costly, and increase demand on our systems and resources, particularly after we are no longer an  emerging growth
company.  The Exchange Act requires, among other things, that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with respect to our business and results of operations. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we maintain effective
disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. In order to maintain and, if required, improve our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting to meet this standard, significant
resources and management oversight may be required. We are required to disclose changes made in our internal control and procedures on a quarterly basis and we are required to furnish a report by management on, among other things, the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting. However, our independent registered public accounting firm will not be required to formally audit and attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to
Section 404 until the date we are no longer an  emerging growth company.  As a result of the complexity involved in complying with the rules and regulations applicable to public companies, our management s attention may be
diverted from other business concerns, which could harm our business and results of operations. Although we have already hired additional employees to assist us in complying with these requirements, we may need to hire more employees in the future
or engage outside consultants, which will increase our operating expenses. As we continue to grow rapidly, both organically and through strategic acquisitions, we expect to enhance our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over
financial reporting, however, we cannot guarantee the adequacy of these enhancements, including integration and accounting for acquisition-related expenses.  
 In addition, changing laws, regulations and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure are creating uncertainty for
public companies, increasing legal and financial compliance costs, and making some activities more time-consuming. These laws, regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations, in many cases due to their lack of specificity, and, as
a result, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance is provided by regulatory and governing bodies. This could result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and higher costs necessitated by ongoing revisions
to disclosure and governance practices. We intend to invest substantial resources to comply with evolving laws, regulations and standards, and this investment may result in increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of
management s time and attention from business operations to compliance activities. If our efforts to comply with new laws, regulations and standards differ from the activities intended by regulatory or governing bodies due to ambiguities
related to their application and practice, regulatory authorities may initiate legal proceedings against us and our business may be harmed.  
 Being a public company and these new rules and regulations will continue to make it more expensive for us to obtain director and officer
liability insurance, and in the future we may be required to accept reduced coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain coverage. These factors could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified members of our Board
of Directors, particularly to serve on our Audit Committee and Compensation Committee, and qualified executive officers.    As a result of
disclosure of information in our filings with the SEC, our business and financial condition has become more visible, which we believe may result in threatened or actual litigation, including by competitors and other third parties. If such claims are
successful, our business and results of operations could be harmed, and even if the claims do not result in litigation or are resolved in our favor, these claims, and the time and resources necessary to resolve them, could divert the resources of
our management and harm our business and results of operations.      We do not intend to pay dividends on our common stock so any
returns will be limited to changes in the value of our common stock.      We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our
common stock. We currently anticipate that we will retain future earnings for the development, operation and expansion of our business, and do not anticipate declaring or paying any cash dividends for the foreseeable future. Any return to
stockholders will therefore be limited to the increase, if any, of our stock price, which may never occur.  
      47  

Table of Contents  

    If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or publish inaccurate or
unfavorable research about our business, our stock price and trading volume could decline.      The trading market for our common stock
depends in part on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us or our business. If few securities analysts cover us, or if industry analysts cease coverage of us, the trading price for our common stock would be
negatively affected. If one or more of the analysts who cover us downgrade our common stock or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our common stock price would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts cease
coverage of us or fail to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our common stock could decrease, which might cause our common stock price and trading volume to decline.  
   Substantial future sales of our common stock in the public market could cause our stock price to fall.    
 Additional sales of our common stock in the public market, particularly sales by our directors, executive officers and significant
stockholders, or the perception that these sales could occur, could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. As of September 30, 2016, we had 60,236,401 shares of common stock outstanding, which excludes any shares of common stock
issuable upon exercise of warrants and options outstanding as of such date. In addition, as of September 30, 2016, there were outstanding options and warrants to purchase 11,778,448 shares of our common stock. These options and
warrants, if exercised, will result in these additional shares becoming available for sale. Sales by these stockholders, option holders or warrant holders of a substantial number of shares could significantly reduce the market price of our common
stock. Moreover, some holders of shares of our common stock have rights, subject to certain conditions, to require us to file registration statements covering the shares they currently hold, or to include these shares in registration statements that
we might file for ourselves or other stockholders.    Additionally, the shares of common stock subject to outstanding options and restricted
stock unit awards under our equity incentive plans and the shares reserved for future issuance under our equity incentive plans will become eligible for sale in the public market in the future, subject to certain legal and contractual limitations.
     Our charter documents designate the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of
actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders  ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or other employees.    
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative
forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware shall be the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of
our directors, officers or other employees to us or our stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or our
bylaws, or (iv) any action asserting a claim against us governed by the internal affairs doctrine. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our capital stock shall be deemed to have notice of and
consented to the provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation described above. This choice of forum provision may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes
with us or our directors, officers, or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our directors, officers and other employees. Alternatively, if a court were to find these provisions of our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation inapplicable to, or unenforceable in respect of, one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could harm our business,
financial condition, or results of operations.  
      48  

Table of Contents  

Item 2.  
  Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.        Sales of Unregistered Securities
    None.     Use of Proceeds   
 On December 11, 2014, the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-200044) for our IPO of our common stock was declared
effective by the SEC, pursuant to which we sold 7,187,500 shares of our common stock at a public offering price of $16.00 per share for an aggregate offering price of $115.0 million. There has been no material change in the planned use of proceeds
from our IPO as described in our final prospectus filed with the SEC on December 12, 2014 pursuant to Rule 424(b)(4).    The net
offering proceeds, including the concurrent private placement, after deducting underwriting discounts and offering expenses, were approximately $109.6 million. No payments were made to our directors or officers or their associates, holders of 10
percent or more of any class of our equity securities or any affiliates.    The Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File
No. 333-209015) for our follow-on public offering of our common stock was declared effective by the SEC on February 1, 2016. The Registration Statement on Form S-3 registered an aggregate of 9,688,750 shares of our common stock, including
1,263,750 shares registered to cover an option to purchase additional shares that we granted to the underwriters of our follow-on public offering. On February 2, 2016, we closed our follow-on public offering and sold 9,688,750 shares of our
common stock at a public offering price of $9.50 per share, for an aggregate offering price of approximately $92.0 million. There has been no material change in the planned use of proceeds from our follow-on public offering as described in our final
prospectus filed with the SEC on February 2, 2016 pursuant to Rule 424(b)(4).    The net offering proceeds, after deducting
underwriting discounts and offering expenses, were approximately $87.7 million. No payments were made to our directors or officers or their associates, holders of 10 percent or more of any class of our equity securities or any affiliates.  
 We have applied the proceeds from our IPO, concurrent private placement and follow-on offering to our cash and investment balances and such
funds will be used for general corporate purposes going forward.     Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities   
 The Company has no publicly announced plan or program for the purchase of shares.  
      49  

Table of Contents  

Item 6.  
  Exhibits.       The following documents are filed as part of this report:  
 1. Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements    2. Exhibits  
 The documents listed in the Exhibit Index are incorporated by reference or are filed with this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, in each case as
indicated therein (numbered in accordance with Item 601 of Regulation S-K).  
      50  

Table of Contents  

   SIGNATURES   
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.      

Hortonworks, Inc.   

Date: November 8, 2016  
   
   By:  
   
   /s/ Scott Davidson   

Scott Davidson   

Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer and duly authorized signatory)   
 
      51  

Table of Contents  

   EXHIBIT   
  INDEX       

Incorporated by Reference  

Exhibit  
  Number   
    
    Exhibit Description   
    
  Form  

File No.  

Exhibit  

Filing Date  

Filed   Herewith  

31.1 
    
   Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant
to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

X 

31.2 
    
   Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant
to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

X 

32.1* 
    
   Certifications of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted
pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

X 

101.INS 
    
   XBRL Instance Document  

X 

101.SCH 
    
   XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document  

X 

101.CAL 
    
   XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document  

X 

101.DEF 
    
   XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document  

X 

101.LAB 
    
   XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document  

X 

101.PRE 
    
   XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document  

X 

* 
   The certifications attached as Exhibit 32.1 that accompany this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are not deemed
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and are not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Hortonworks, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, whether made before
or after the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing.     
      52  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 d235638dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   
  RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934,   
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 I, Robert Bearden, certify that:    1. I have reviewed this
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Hortonworks, Inc.;    2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and    5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the Audit Committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.      

Date: November 8, 2016  
   
   By:  
   
   /s/ Robert Bearden   

Robert Bearden   

Chief Executive Officer  
  (Principal Executive Officer)    

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 d235638dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   
  RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934,   
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 I, Scott Davidson, certify that:    1. I have reviewed this
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Hortonworks, Inc.;    2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and    5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the Audit Committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.      

Date: November 8, 2016  
   
   By:  
   
   /s/ Scott Davidson   

Scott Davidson   

Chief Financial Officer  
  (Principal Financial Officer)    

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 d235638dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1   
  CERTIFICATIONS OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER   
  AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO   
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 I, Robert Bearden, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002, that the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Hortonworks, Inc. for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained
in such Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Hortonworks, Inc.      

Date: November 8, 2016  
   
   By:  
   
   /s/ Robert Bearden   

Name:  
   
   Robert Bearden   

Title:  
   
   Chief Executive Officer   
   I, Scott Davidson, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Hortonworks, Inc. for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
and that information contained in such Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Hortonworks, Inc.  

Date: November 8, 2016  
   
   By:  
   
   /s/ Scott Davidson   

Name:  
   
   Scott Davidson   

Title:  
   
   Chief Financial Officer   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 hdp-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 hdp-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 hdp-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 hdp-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 hdp-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 hdp-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

