<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161107_10-Q_edgar_data_1509228_0001104659-16-155191_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>494692</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>67076</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>0</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>317392</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>9</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>2</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001104659-16-155191.hdr.sgml : 20161107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161107162152
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-16-155191
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		3
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SandRidge Mississippian Trust I
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001509228
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CRUDE PETROLEUM & NATURAL GAS [1311]
		IRS NUMBER:				276990649
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35122
		FILM NUMBER:		161978392

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		919 CONGRESS AVENUE
		STREET 2:		THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST CO. NA
		CITY:			AUSTIN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78701
		BUSINESS PHONE:		512 236 6599

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		919 CONGRESS AVENUE
		STREET 2:		THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST CO. NA
		CITY:			AUSTIN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78701

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001104659-16-155191.txt : 20161107

10-Q
 1
 a16-17155_110q.htm
 10-Q

Table of Contents   

UNITED STATES   
   SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
   Washington, D.C. 20549   

Form 10-Q   

(Mark One)   
     
   x            QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   
     
   For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016   
     
   OR   
     
   o               TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   
     
   For the transition period from              to                 
     
   Commission File Number: 001-35122   

SANDRIDGE MISSISSIPPIAN TRUST I   
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

Delaware        

27-6990649            

(State or other   jurisdiction of    incorporation or organization)       

(I.R.S. Employer    Identification No.)              

The   Bank of New York Mellon        Trust Company, N.A., Trustee       919 Congress Avenue, Suite 500       Austin, Texas       

78701            

(Address of principal   executive offices)       

(Zip Code)              

Registrant s telephone number, including area code:  (512) 236-6555   
     
  Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report:  Not applicable   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes   x   No  o  
     
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  Yes   o   No  o  
     
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large accelerated filer   o       

Accelerated filer   x           

Non-accelerated   filer   o       

Smaller reporting company   o           

(Do   not check if a smaller reporting company)       

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  Yes   o   No  x  
     
  As of October 31, 2016, 28,000,000 Common Units of Beneficial Interest in SandRidge Mississippian Trust I were outstanding.  

Table of Contents   
     
     SANDRIDGE MISSISSIPPIAN TRUST I   
   FORM 10-Q   
   Quarter Ended September 30, 2016   

PART I. FINANCIAL   INFORMATION             

ITEM 1.        
 
   Financial Statements   (Unaudited)        
 
  4           

Statements of Assets and Trust Corpus        
 
  4           

Statements of Distributable Income        
 
  5           

Statements of Changes in Trust Corpus        
 
  6           

Notes to Financial Statements        
 
  7           

ITEM 2.        
 
   Management s   Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations        
 
  12           

ITEM 3.        
 
   Quantitative   and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk        
 
  17           

ITEM 4.        
 
   Controls and   Procedures        
 
  17           

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION             

ITEM 1.        
 
   Legal Proceedings        
 
  18           

ITEM 1A.        
 
   Risk Factors        
 
  18           

ITEM 6.        
 
   Exhibits        
 
  18              
     
  All references to  we,   us,   our,  or the  Trust  refer to SandRidge Mississippian Trust I. References to  SandRidge  refer to SandRidge Energy, Inc., and where the context requires, its subsidiaries. The royalty interests conveyed by SandRidge from its interests in certain properties in the Mississippian formation in Oklahoma and held by the Trust are referred to as the  Royalty Interests.   
     
 2   

Table of Contents   
       
   DISCLOSURES REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS   
     
  This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q ( Quarterly Report ) includes  forward-looking statements  about the Trust, SandRidge and other matters discussed herein that are subject to risks and uncertainties within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ).  All statements other than statements of historical fact included in this document, including, without limitation, statements under  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  in Item 2 of Part I and elsewhere herein regarding the Trust s or SandRidge s plans and objectives for future operations, are forward-looking statements. Actual outcomes and results may differ materially from those projected. Forward-looking statements are generally accompanied by words such as  estimate,   target,   project,   predict,   believe,   expect,   anticipate,   potential,   could,   may,   foresee,   plan,   goal,   should,   intend  or other words that convey the uncertainty of future events or outcomes. We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and assumptions about future events. These statements are based on certain assumptions made by us in light of our experience and our perception of historical trends, current conditions and expected future developments as well as other factors we believe are appropriate under the circumstances. However, whether actual results and developments will conform with our expectations and predictions is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including the risk factors discussed in Item 1A of the Trust s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 (the  2015 Form 10-K ), which could affect the future results of the energy industry in general, and the Trust and SandRidge in particular, and could cause those results to differ materially from those expressed in such forward-looking statements. The actual results or developments anticipated may not be realized or, even if substantially realized, they may not have the expected consequences to or effects on SandRidge s business or the Trust s results. Such statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results or developments may differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements. The Trust undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. 
     
 3   

Table of Contents   
     
   PART I. Financial Information     
     
   ITEM 1.  Financial Statements      
     
   SANDRIDGE MISSISSIPPIAN TRUST I   
   STATEMENTS OF ASSETS AND TRUST CORPUS     
   (In thousands, except unit data)   

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.  
     
 4   

Table of Contents   
     
   SANDRIDGE MISSISSIPPIAN TRUST I   
   STATEMENTS OF DISTRIBUTABLE INCOME     
   (In thousands, except unit and per unit data)   

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.  
     
 5   

Table of Contents   
     
   SANDRIDGE MISSISSIPPIAN TRUST I   
   STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN TRUST CORPUS     
   (In thousands)   

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.  
     
 6   

Table of Contents   
     
   SANDRIDGE MISSISSIPPIAN TRUST I   
   NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS     
   (Unaudited)   
     
   1.      Organization of Trust  
     
  SandRidge Mississippian Trust I (the  Trust ) is a statutory trust formed under the Delaware Statutory Trust Act pursuant to a trust  agreement, as amended and restated, by and among SandRidge Energy, Inc. ( SandRidge ), as Trustor, The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee (the  Trustee ), and The Corporation Trust Company, as Delaware Trustee (the  Delaware Trustee ). 
     
  The Trust holds Royalty Interests in specified oil and natural gas properties located in the Mississippian formation in Alfalfa, Garfield, Grant and Woods counties in Oklahoma (the  Underlying Properties ). The Royalty Interests were conveyed by SandRidge to the Trust concurrent with the initial public offering of the Trust s common units in April 2011. As consideration for conveyance of the Royalty Interests, the Trust remitted the proceeds of the offering, along with 3,750,000 Trust common units and 7,000,000 Trust subordinated units, to certain wholly owned subsidiaries of SandRidge. At September 30, 2016, SandRidge owned 7,528,063 Trust units, or approximately 26.9% of all Trust units.  
     
  The Trust is passive in nature and neither the Trust nor the Trustee has any control over, or responsibility for, any operating or capital costs related to the Underlying Properties.  The business and affairs of the Trust are administered by the Trustee. The trust agreement generally limits the Trust s business activities to owning the Royalty Interests and any activity reasonably related thereto, including activities required or permitted by the terms of the conveyances related to the Royalty Interests. 
     
  The Trust makes quarterly cash distributions of substantially all of its cash receipts, after deducting amounts for the  Trust s administrative expenses and cash reserves withheld by the Trustee, on or about the 60th day following the completion of each quarter. Due to the timing of the payment of production proceeds to the Trust, each distribution covers production from a three-month period consisting of the first two months of the most recently ended quarter and the final month of the quarter preceding it. 
     
  The Trust will dissolve and begin to liquidate on December 31, 2030 (the  Termination Date ) and will soon thereafter wind up its affairs and terminate. At the Termination Date, 50% of the Royalty Interests will revert automatically to SandRidge. The remaining 50% of the Royalty Interests will be sold at that time, with the net proceeds of the sale, as well as any remaining Trust cash reserves, distributed to the unitholders on a pro rata basis. SandRidge has a right of first  refusal to purchase the Royalty Interests retained by the Trust at the Termination Date. The Trust will not dissolve until the Termination Date unless any of the following occurs: (a) the Trust sells all of the Royalty Interests; (b) cash available for distribution is less than $1.0 million for any four consecutive quarters; (c) Trust unitholders approve an earlier dissolution of the Trust; or (d) the Trust is judicially dissolved. In the case of any of the foregoing, the Trustee would then sell all of the Trust s assets, either by private sale or public auction, and distribute the net proceeds of the sale to the Trust unitholders after payment, or reasonable provision for payment, of all Trust liabilities. 
     
   2. Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies   
     
   Basis of Accounting.   The financial statements of the Trust differ from financial statements prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ) as the Trust records revenues when cash is received (rather than when earned) and expenses when paid (rather than when incurred) and may also establish cash reserves for contingencies, which would not be accrued in financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. This comprehensive basis of accounting other than GAAP corresponds to the accounting permitted for royalty trusts by the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) as specified by Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 12:E,  Financial Statements of Royalty Trusts . Amortization of investment in royalty interests, calculated on a unit-of-production basis, and any impairments are charged directly to trust corpus. Distributions to unitholders are recorded when declared. 
     
   Significant Accounting Policies.   Most accounting pronouncements apply to entities whose financial statements are prepared in accordance with GAAP, which may require such entities to accrue or defer revenues and expenses in a period other than when such revenues are received or expenses are paid. Because the Trust s financial statements are prepared on the modified cash basis as described above, most accounting pronouncements are not applicable to the Trust s financial statements. 
     
  The Trust is treated for federal and applicable state income tax purposes as a partnership.  For U.S. federal income tax purposes, a partnership is not a taxable entity and incurs no U.S. federal income tax liability. With respect to state taxation, a partnership is typically treated in the same manner as it is for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
     
 7   

Table of Contents   
     
   SANDRIDGE MISSISSIPPIAN TRUST I   
   NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED   
   (Unaudited)   
     
   Impairment of Investment in Royalty Interests.    On a quarterly basis, the Trust evaluates the carrying value of the Investment in Royalty Interests by comparing the undiscounted cash flows expected to be realized from the Royalty Interest to the carrying value. If the expected future undiscounted cash flows are less than the carrying value, the Trust recognizes an impairment loss for the difference between the carrying value and the estimated fair value of the Royalty Interest, which is determined using future cash flows of the net oil, natural gas and NGL reserves attributable to the Royalty Interests, discounted at a rate based upon the weighted average cost of capital of royalty trusts. The weighted average cost of capital is based upon inputs that are readily available in the public market. The future cash flows of the net oil, natural gas and NGL reserves attributable to the Royalty Interests utilizes the oil and natural gas futures prices readily available in the public market and estimated quantities of oil, natural gas and NGL reserves that geological and engineering data demonstrate, with reasonable certainty, to be recoverable in future years from known reservoirs under existing economic and operating conditions. As there are numerous uncertainties inherent in estimating quantities of proved reserves, these quantities are a significant unobservable input resulting in the fair value measurement being considered a level 3 measurement within the fair value hierarchy.  The Trust recorded impairments in the carrying value of the Investment in Royalty Interests of $40.1 million and $127.0 million during the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The impairments resulted in non-cash charges to trust corpus and did not affect the Trust s distributable income. Material write-downs in subsequent periods may occur if commodity prices decline. Any impairment would result in a non-cash charge to trust corpus and would not affect the Trust s distributable income. See  Risks and Uncertainties  in Note 5 below for further discussion. 
     
   Distributable Income Per Common Unit.   Distributable income per unit amounts as calculated for the periods presented in the accompanying unaudited statements of distributable income may differ from declared distribution amounts per unit due to rounding. 
     
   Interim Financial Statements.   The accompanying unaudited interim financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the accounting policies stated in the audited financial statements contained in the 2015 Form 10-K and reflect all adjustments that are, in the opinion of the Trustee, necessary to state fairly the information in the Trust s unaudited interim financial statements. The accompanying statement of assets and trust corpus as of December 31, 2015 has been derived from audited financial statements. The unaudited interim financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements and notes thereto included in the 2015 Form 10-K. 
     
   3.      Distributions to Unitholders  
     
  The Trust makes quarterly cash distributions of substantially all of its cash receipts, after deducting amounts for the Trust s administrative expenses and cash reserves withheld by the Trustee, on or about the 60th day following the completion of each quarter.  Distributions cover a three-month production period. See Note 6 for discussion of the Trust s quarterly distribution to be paid in November 2016. A summary of the Trust s distributions to unitholders during the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 and the year ended December 31, 2015 is as follows: 

4. Related Party Transactions   
     
   Trustee Administrative Fee.   Under the terms of the trust agreement, the Trust pays an annual administrative fee of $150,000 to the Trustee, which will be adjusted for inflation by no more than 3% in any year beginning in 2017. The Trustee s administrative fees paid during each of the three-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 totaled approximately $38,000. The Trustee s administrative fees paid during each of the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 totaled approximately $113,000. 
     
 8   

Table of Contents   
     
   SANDRIDGE MISSISSIPPIAN TRUST I   
   NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED   
   (Unaudited)   
     
   Registration Rights Agreement  . The Trust is party to a registration rights agreement pursuant to which the Trust has agreed to register the offering of the Trust units held by SandRidge and certain of its affiliates and permitted transferees upon request by SandRidge. The holders have the right to require the Trust to file no more than five registration statements in aggregate, one of which has been filed to date. The Trust does not bear any expenses associated with such transactions. 
     
   Administrative Services Agreement.   The Trust is party to an administrative services agreement with SandRidge that obligates the Trust to pay SandRidge an annual administrative services fee for accounting, tax preparation, bookkeeping and informational services performed by SandRidge on behalf of the Trust. For its services under the administrative services agreement, SandRidge receives an annual fee of $200,000, which is payable in equal quarterly installments and will remain fixed for the life of the Trust. SandRidge is also entitled to receive reimbursement for its out-of-pocket fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection with the provision of any of the services under this agreement. The administrative services agreement will terminate on the earliest to occur of: (i) the date the Trust shall have dissolved and commenced winding up in accordance with the trust agreement, (ii) the date that all of the Royalty Interests have been terminated or are no longer held by the Trust, (iii) pertaining to services to be provided with respect to any Underlying Properties transferred by SandRidge, the date that either SandRidge or the Trustee may designate by delivering 90-days  prior written notice, provided that the transferee of such Underlying Properties assumes responsibility to perform the services in place of SandRidge and (iv) a date mutually agreed to by SandRidge and the Trustee. During the three-month period ended September 30, 2016, the Trust paid administrative fees to SandRidge equal to $50,000. There were no amounts paid to SandRidge during the three-month period ended September 30, 2015, as the related quarterly administrative fee was paid during a prior 2015 period. Administrative fees paid to SandRidge for the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 totaled $100,000 and $150,000, respectively. 
     
   Derivatives Agreement.   The Trust and SandRidge were parties to a derivatives agreement that provided the Trust with the economic effect of certain oil and natural gas derivative contracts entered into by SandRidge with third parties for production through December 31, 2015. Under the derivatives agreement, SandRidge paid the Trust amounts it received from its counterparties and the Trust paid SandRidge any amounts that SandRidge was required to pay such counterparties. The Trust did not bear any costs related to the establishment of the underlying contracts. The Trust does not have the ability to enter into its own derivative contracts. The commodity derivative contracts underlying the derivatives agreement consisted of fixed price swaps and collars. 
     
   5. Commitments and Contingencies   
     
   Loan Commitment.   Pursuant to the trust agreement, if at any time the Trust s cash on hand (including available cash reserves) is not sufficient to pay the Trust s ordinary course administrative expenses as they become due, SandRidge will, at the Trustee s request, loan funds to the Trust necessary to pay such expenses. Any funds loaned by SandRidge pursuant to this commitment will be limited to the payment of current accounts payable or other obligations to trade creditors in connection with obtaining goods or services or the payment of other current liabilities arising in the ordinary course of the Trust s business, and may not be used to satisfy Trust indebtedness, or to make distributions. If SandRidge loans funds pursuant to this commitment, no further distributions will be made to unitholders (except in respect of any previously determined quarterly cash distribution amount) until such loan is repaid. Any such loan will be on an unsecured basis, and the terms of such loan will be substantially the same as those which would be obtained in an arm s length transaction between SandRidge and an unaffiliated third party. There was no such loan outstanding with SandRidge at September 30, 2016 or December 31, 2015. 
     
   Risks and Uncertainties   .  The Trust s revenue and distributions are substantially dependent upon the prevailing and future prices for oil and natural gas, each of which depends on numerous factors beyond the Trust s control such as overall oil and natural gas production and inventories in relevant markets, economic conditions, the global political environment, regulatory developments and competition from other energy sources. Oil and natural gas prices historically have been volatile and may be subject to significant fluctuations in the future. The Trust s derivative arrangements served to mitigate a portion of the effect of this price volatility through December 31, 2015. Low levels of future production, continued low commodity prices and the absence of any derivative arrangements would continue to reduce the Trust s revenues and distributable income available to unitholders. 
     
  The Trust is highly dependent on its Trustor, SandRidge, for multiple services, including the operation of the Trust wells, remittance of net proceeds from the sale of associated production to the Trust, administrative services such as accounting, tax preparation, bookkeeping and informational services performed on behalf of the Trust. The ability to operate the properties depends on the Trustor s future financial condition and economic performance, access to capital, and other factors, many of which are out of the control of the Trustor.  On May 16, 2016, the Trustor and certain of its direct and indirect subsidiaries (collectively, the  Debtors ) filed voluntary petitions for reorganization under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code (the  Bankruptcy Code ) in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of Texas (the  Bankruptcy Court ). The cases are jointly administered under 
     
 9   

Table of Contents   
     
   SANDRIDGE MISSISSIPPIAN TRUST I   
   NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED   
   (Unaudited)   
     
  the caption In re: SandRidge Energy Inc., et al. The Debtors continue to operate the business as  debtors-in-possession  under the jurisdiction of the Bankruptcy Court and in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Bankruptcy Code and orders of the Bankruptcy Court.  On September 9, 2016, the Bankruptcy Court approved the Debtors  Plan of Reorganization, and the Debtors emerged from bankruptcy on October 4, 2016. 
     
   Legal Proceedings.   On May 11, 2015, the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Oklahoma issued an order dismissing all claims against the Trust in a putative class action lawsuit filed by unitholders of the Trust and stockholders of SandRidge, in which the plaintiffs asserted a variety of federal securities claims against the Trust, SandRidge and certain of SandRidge s current and former officers and directors, among other defendants.  As a result of the order, the Trust is no longer a party in the lawsuit.  However, the dismissal was based on a procedural defect, and thus was made without prejudice to the plaintiffs  rights, if any, to refile their claims against the Trust once the defect is cured. 
     
  On June 9, 2015, the Duane   Virginia Lanier Trust, on behalf of itself and all other similarly situated unitholders of the Trust, filed a putative class action complaint in the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Oklahoma against the Trust, SandRidge and certain current and former executive officers of SandRidge, among other defendants (the  Securities Litigation ). The complaint asserts a variety of federal securities claims on behalf of a putative class of (a) purchasers of common units of the Trust in or traceable to its initial public offering on or about April 7, 2011, and (b) purchasers of common units of SandRidge Mississippian Trust II in or traceable to its initial public offering on or about April 17, 2012.  The claims are based on allegations that SandRidge and certain of its current and former officers and directors, among other defendants, including the Trust, are responsible for making false and misleading statements, and omitting material information, concerning a variety of subjects, including oil and gas reserves. The plaintiffs seek class certification, an order rescinding the Trust s initial public offering and an unspecified amount of damages, plus interest, attorneys  fees and costs. On May 20, 2016, the Court entered an Administrative Closing Order terminating the action, without prejudice to the rights of the parties to reopen the proceeding for good cause shown, within thirty days after the termination of SandRidge s bankruptcy proceedings.  On October 27, 2016, the Court entered an order reopening this proceeding and allowing the plaintiffs to pursue their claims against the non-debtor defendants, and against SandRidge as a nominal defendant only. 
     
  Regardless of the outcome of the litigation, the Trust may incur expenses in defending the litigation, and any such expenses may increase the Trust s administrative expenses significantly. The Trust will estimate and financially provide for potential losses that may arise out of litigation to the extent that such losses are probable and can be reasonably estimated. Significant judgment will be required in making any such estimates and any final liabilities of the Trust may ultimately be materially different than any estimates. The Trust is currently unable to assess the probability of loss or estimate a range of any potential loss the Trust may incur in connection with the Securities Litigation, and has not established any reserves relating to the Securities Litigation. The Trust may withhold estimated amounts from future distributions to cover future costs associated with the litigation if determined necessary. The Trust has not yet fully analyzed any rights it may have to indemnities that may be applicable or any claims it may make in connection with the Securities Litigation.  
     
 10   

Table of Contents   
     
   SANDRIDGE MISSISSIPPIAN TRUST I   
   NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED   
   (Unaudited)   
     
   6. Subsequent Events   
     
   Trustor Reorganization.   As described in Note 5, on October 4, 2016, the Debtors emerged from Chapter 11 bankruptcy. 
     
   Distribution to Unitholders.   On October 27, 2016, the Trust declared a cash distribution of $0.0542 per unit covering production for the three-month period from June 1, 2016 to August 31, 2016. The distribution will be paid on or about November 25, 2016 to record holders as of November 11, 2016. Distributable income for June 1, 2016 to August 31, 2016 was calculated as follows (in thousands, except for unit and per unit amounts): 

(1) Includes amounts withheld for payment of future Trust administrative expenses.  
     
 11   

Table of Contents   
     
   ITEM 2.  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations      
     
   Introduction   
     
  The following discussion and analysis is intended to help the reader understand the financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and capital resources of SandRidge Mississippian Trust I (the  Trust ). This discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the Trust s unaudited interim financial statements and the accompanying notes included in this Quarterly Report and the Trust s audited financial statements and the accompanying notes included in the 2015 Form 10-K.  
     
   Overview   
     
  The Trust is a statutory trust created under the Delaware Statutory Trust Act. The business and affairs of the Trust are administered by the Trustee and, as necessary, the Delaware Trustee. The Trust s purpose is to hold the Royalty Interests, to distribute to the Trust unitholders cash that the Trust receives in respect of the Royalty Interests and the derivatives agreement (described in Note 4 to the unaudited interim financial statements contained in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report) and to perform certain administrative functions in respect of the Royalty Interests and the Trust units. Other than the foregoing activities, the Trust does not conduct any operations or activities. The Trustee has no involvement with, control or authority over, or responsibility for, any aspect of the operations on or relating to the properties in which the Trust has an interest. The Trust derives all or substantially all of its income and cash flow from the Royalty Interests and, during its term, the derivatives agreement. The Trust is treated as a partnership for federal income tax purposes.  
     
   Commodity Price Volatility.   The Trust s quarterly cash distributions are highly dependent upon the prices realized from the sale of oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids ( NGL ). The markets for these commodities are volatile and experienced significant pricing declines beginning in the latter half of 2014. Although distributions relating to production through December 31, 2015 were partially supported by hedging arrangements, no such arrangements are in place for production attributable to periods thereafter, and consequently distributions for production periods beginning January 1, 2016 or later should be expected to be lower than distributions for recent periods. The Trust received net settlement proceeds of approximately $5.9 million during the three-month period ended September 30, 2015. The Trust received net settlement proceeds of approximately $9.6 million and $14.2 million during the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 
     
  The Trust recognized impairments in the carrying value of the Investment in Royalty Interests of $40.1 million and $127.0 million during the three-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The impairments resulted in non-cash charges to trust corpus and did not affect the Trust s distributable income. There were no impairments in the carrying value of the Investment in Royalty Interests during 2016. Material write-downs in subsequent periods may occur if commodity prices decline. See  Impairment of Investment in Royalty Interests  in Note 2 to the unaudited interim financial statements contained in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report for further discussion of the impairments.  
     
   Properties.   As of September 30, 2016, the Trust s properties consisted of Royalty Interests in oil and natural gas wells located in Alfalfa, Garfield, Grant and Woods counties in Oklahoma. 
     
   Distributions.   The Trust makes quarterly cash distributions of substantially all of its cash receipts, after deducting amounts for the Trust s administrative expenses and cash reserves withheld by the Trustee, on or about the 60th day following the completion of each quarter. 
     
  Pursuant to Internal Revenue Code ( IRC ) Section 1446, withholding tax on income effectively connected to a United States trade or business allocated to foreign partners should be made at the highest marginal rate. Under IRC Section 1441, withholding tax on fixed, determinable, annual, periodic income from United States sources allocated to foreign partners should be made at 30% of gross income unless the rate is reduced by treaty. This is intended to be a qualified notice to nominees and brokers as provided for under Treasury Regulation Section 1.1446-4(b) by the Trust, and while specific relief is not specified for IRC Section 1441 income, this disclosure is intended to suffice. Nominees and brokers should withhold  at the highest marginal rate, currently 39.6% for individuals, on the distribution made to foreign partners. 
     
   Litigation.   As described in more detail in Item 1 of Part II,  Legal Proceedings , claims brought against the Trust in a putative class action against SandRidge and others were dismissed in the second quarter of 2015. However, the dismissal was based on a procedural defect, and thus was made without prejudice to the plaintiffs  rights, if any, to refile their claims against the Trust once the defect is cured. Regardless of the outcome of the litigation, the Trust may incur expenses in defending the litigation, and any such expenses may increase the Trust s administrative expenses significantly. Further, any costs incurred by the Trust in connection with any settlement of or judgment in the litigation could increase the Trust s administrative expenses significantly. 
     
 12   

Table of Contents   
     
   Results of Trust Operations   
     
  The primary factors affecting the Trust s revenues and costs are the quantity of oil, natural gas and NGL production attributable to the Royalty Interests, the prices received for such production and amounts paid or received as net settlements under the derivatives agreement during its term. Royalty income, post-production expenses, certain taxes and derivative settlements are recorded on a cash basis when net revenue distributions are received by the Trust from SandRidge. Information regarding the Trust s production, pricing and costs for the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 is presented below.  

(1)            Production volumes and related revenues and expenses for the three-month period ended September 30, 2016 (included in SandRidge s August 2016 net revenue distribution to the Trust) represent production from March 1, 2016 to May 31, 2016. 
  (2)            Production volumes and related revenues and expenses for the three-month period ended September 30, 2015 (included in SandRidge s August 2015 net revenue distribution to the Trust) represent production from March 1, 2015 to May 31, 2015. 
  (3)            Production volumes and related revenues and expenses for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 (included in SandRidge s February 2016, May 2016 and August 2016 net revenue distributions to the Trust) represent production from September 1, 2015 to May 31, 2016. 
  (4)            Production volumes and related revenues and expenses for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2015 (included in SandRidge s February 2015, May 2015 and August 2015 net revenue distributions to the Trust) represent production from September 1, 2014 to May 31, 2015. 
     
 13   

Table of Contents   
     
  (5)            Includes impact of derivative settlements attributable to production from March 1, 2015 to May 31, 2015 for the three-month period ended September 30, 2015. Includes impact of derivative settlements attributable to production from September 1, 2015 to December 31, 2015 for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 and from September 1, 2014 to May 31, 2015 for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2015. 
     
    Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 Compared to the Three Months Ended September 30, 2015    
     
   Revenues   
     
   Royalty Income.   Royalty income received during the three-month period ended September 30, 2016 totaled $1.9 million compared to $3.3 million received during the three-month period ended September 30, 2015. Royalty income is a function of production volumes sold attributable to the Royalty Interests and associated prices received. Approximately $0.7 million of the total decrease in royalty income was attributable to the decrease in total volumes produced, caused by a reduction in the average number of producing wells and natural declines in production, and approximately $0.7 million was attributable to a decrease in prices received. The average number of producing wells decreased by 7 during the three-month period ended September 30, 2016 compared to the three-month period ended September 30, 2015 because wells that could not economically produce due to continued depressed pricing were shut-in. Royalty income received during the three-month period ended September 30, 2016 was based upon production attributable to the Royalty Interests of 23 MBbls of oil, 30 MBbls of NGL and 464 MMcf of natural gas, or 130 MBoe of combined production, for the period from March 1, 2016 to May 31, 2016.  Royalty income received during the three-month period ended September 30, 2015 was based upon production attributable to the Royalty Interests of 32 MBbls of oil, 32 MBbls of NGL and 581 MMcf of natural gas, or 161 MBoe of combined production, for the period from March 1, 2015 to May 31, 2015.  The average price received for oil decreased to $36.87 per Bbl during the three-month period ended September 30, 2016 from $48.29 per Bbl during the same period in 2015, while the average price received for NGL decreased to $12.51 per Bbl during the three-month period ended September 30, 2016 from $15.76 per Bbl during the same period in 2015. The average price received for natural gas decreased to $1.37 per Mcf during the three-month period ended September 30, 2016 from $2.16 per Mcf during the same period in 2015. 
     
   Derivative Settlements.   The Trust s derivatives agreement with SandRidge reduced the Trust s exposure to commodity price volatility attributable to a portion of production from the Royalty Interests through December 31, 2015 by the use of oil fixed price swaps and natural gas collars. Net cash settlements received under the derivatives agreement for the three-month period ended September 30, 2015 for production from March 1, 2015 to May 31, 2015 were approximately $5.9 million. This effectively increased the average price received for oil by $171.61 per Bbl to $219.90 per Bbl due to the ratio of the oil volumes hedged to oil volumes produced and the substantial declines in the market prices of oil compared to contract prices. The average price received for natural gas was effectively increased by $0.58 per Mcf to $2.74 per Mcf ($2.23 per Mcf including the impact of post-production expenses) during the 2015 period. 
     
   Expenses   
     
   Post-Production Expenses.   The Trust bears post-production expenses attributable to production from the Royalty Interests. Post-production expenses generally consist of costs incurred to gather, store, compress, transport, process, treat, dehydrate and market natural gas produced. Post-production expenses for the three-month period ended September 30, 2016 totaled approximately $0.2 million compared to approximately $0.3 million for the three-month period ended September 30, 2015. Post-production costs decreased as a result of decreased natural gas production. 
     
   Production Taxes.   Production taxes are calculated as a percentage of oil and natural gas revenues, excluding the effects of derivative settlements and net of any applicable tax credits. Production taxes for the three-month period ended September 30, 2016 totaled approximately $0.1 million, or $0.64 per Boe, and were approximately 4.4% of royalty income. Production taxes for the three-month period ended September 30, 2015 totaled approximately $0.1 million, or $0.63 per Boe, and were approximately 3.0% of royalty income. Production tax rates increased due to Trust wells reaching the expiration point of a previously reduced tax rate. The average effective production tax rate for the Trust will continue to increase as more Trust wells reach this expiration point. 
     
   Trust Administrative Expenses.   Trust administrative expenses generally consist of fees paid to the Trustee and the Delaware Trustee, administrative services fees paid to SandRidge, tax return and related form preparation fees, legal and accounting fees, and other expenses incurred as a result of being a publicly traded entity. Trust administrative expenses for the three-month period ended September 30, 2016 totaled approximately $0.4 million compared to approximately $0.2 million for the three-month period ended September 30, 2015. The increase during the 2016 period partially relates to the timing of administrative expense payments. 
     
 14   

Table of Contents   
     
   Distributable Income   
     
  Distributable income for the three-month period ended September 30, 2016 was $1.2 million, which included a net addition to the cash reserve for payment of future Trust expenses of approximately $16,000 (approximately $386,000 withheld from the August 2016 cash distribution to unitholders partially offset by approximately  $370,000 used to pay Trust expenses during the period). Distributable income for the three-month period ended September 30, 2015 was $8.4 million, which included a net addition to the cash reserve for payment of future Trust expenses of approximately $199,000 (approximately $386,000 withheld from the August 2015 cash distribution to unitholders partially offset by approximately $187,000 used to pay Trust expenses during the period). 
     
    Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 Compared to the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015    
     
   Revenues   
     
   Royalty Income.   Royalty income received during the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 totaled $6.3 million compared to $14.5 million received during the nine-month period ended September 30, 2015. Approximately $3.9 million of the total decrease in royalty income was attributable to the decrease in total volumes produced, caused by a reduction in the average number of producing wells and natural declines in production, and approximately $4.3 million was attributable to a decrease in prices received. The average number of producing wells decreased by 11 during the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine-month period ended September 30, 2015 because wells that could not economically produce due to continued depressed pricing were shut-in. Royalty income received during the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 was based upon production attributable to the Royalty Interests of 75 MBbls of oil, 85 MBbls of NGL and 1,459 MMcf of natural gas, or 403 MBoe of combined production, for the period from September 1, 2015 to May 31, 2016. Royalty income received during the nine-month period ended September 30, 2015 was based upon production attributable to the Royalty Interests of 115 MBbls of oil, 100 MBbls of NGL and 1,879 MMcf of natural gas, or 528 MBoe of combined production, for the period from September 1, 2014 to May 31, 2015.  The average price received for oil decreased to $36.04 per Bbl during the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 from $61.83 per Bbl during the same period in 2015, while the average price received for NGL decreased to $11.93 per Bbl during the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 from $20.51 per Bbl during the same period in 2015. The average price received for natural gas decreased to $1.75 per Mcf during the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 from $2.87 per Mcf during the same period in 2015. 
     
   Derivative Settlements.   Net cash settlements under the derivatives agreement for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 for production from September 1, 2015 to December 31, 2015 were approximately $9.6 million. This effectively increased the average price received for oil by $121.13 per Bbl to $157.17 per Bbl which was attributable primarily to the ratio of the oil volumes hedged to the oil volumes produced and the substantial declines in the market prices of oil. The average price received for natural gas increased by $0.37 per Mcf to $2.12 per Mcf ($1.61 per Mcf including the impact of post-production expenses). Net cash settlements received under the derivatives agreement for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2015 for production from September 1, 2014 to May 31, 2015 were approximately $14.2 million. This effectively increased the average price received for oil by $118.73 per Bbl to $180.56 per Bbl due to the ratio of the oil volumes hedged to the oil volumes produced and the substantial declines in the market prices of oil compared to contract prices. The average price received for natural gas increased by $0.28 per Mcf to $3.15 per Mcf ($2.67 per Mcf including the impact of post-production expenses). Net cash settlements received during both periods were comprised of gains on oil fixed price swaps and natural gas collars due to lower average commodity prices at the time of settlement compared to contract prices. 
     
   Expenses   
     
   Post-Production Expenses.   Post-production expenses for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 totaled approximately $0.7 million compared to approximately $0.9 million for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2015. Post-production costs decreased as a result of decreased natural gas production. 
     
   Production Taxes.   Production taxes for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 totaled approximately $0.2 million, or $0.60 per Boe, and were approximately 3.9% of royalty income. Production taxes for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2015 totaled approximately $0.4 million, or $0.81 per Boe, and were approximately 3.0% of royalty income. 
     
   Trust Administrative Expenses.   Trust administrative expenses for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 totaled approximately $1.3 million compared to approximately $1.2 million for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2015. 
     
 15   

Table of Contents   
     
   Distributable Income   
     
  Distributable income for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 was $13.7 million, which included a net reduction to the cash reserve for payment of future Trust expenses of approximately $0.2 million (approximately $1.3 million used to pay Trust expenses during the period partially offset by approximately  $1.1 million withheld from the February 2016, May 2016 and August 2016 cash distributions to unitholders). Distributable income for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2015 was $26.2 million, which included a net reduction to the cash reserve for payment of future Trust expenses of approximately $0.1 million (approximately $1.2 million used to pay Trust expenses during the period partially offset by approximately $1.1 million withheld from the February 2015, May 2015 and August 2015 cash distributions to unitholders). 
     
   Liquidity and Capital Resources   
     
  The Trust s principal sources of liquidity and capital are cash flow generated from the Royalty Interests and, during the term of the derivatives agreement, the Trust s derivative contracts, and borrowings to fund administrative expenses, including any amounts borrowed under SandRidge s loan commitment described in Note 5 to the unaudited interim financial statements contained in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report. The Trust s primary uses of cash are distributions to Trust unitholders, including, if applicable, payment of amounts owed under the Trust s derivative contracts during the term of the derivatives agreement, payment of Trust administrative expenses, including any reserves established by the Trustee for future liabilities, payment of applicable taxes and payment of expense reimbursements to SandRidge for out-of-pocket expenses incurred on behalf of the Trust. Under the conveyances granting the Royalty Interests, the Trust does not have any operating or capital cost requirements related to the wells.  
     
  Administrative expenses include payments to the Trustee and the Delaware Trustee as well as a quarterly fee of $50,000 to SandRidge pursuant to an administrative services agreement. Each quarter, the Trustee determines the amount of funds available for distribution. Available funds are the excess cash, if any, received by the Trust from the sale of production attributable to the Royalty Interests that quarter over the Trust s expenses for the quarter. If at any time the Trust s cash on hand (including available cash reserves) is not sufficient to pay the Trust s ordinary course administrative expenses as they become due, the Trust may borrow funds from the Trustee or other lenders, including SandRidge, to pay such expenses. The Trustee does not intend to lend funds to the Trust. If such funds are borrowed, no further distributions will be made to unitholders (except in respect of any previously determined quarterly distribution amount) until the borrowed funds have been repaid.  There was no such loan outstanding at September 30, 2016 or December 31, 2015. 
     
  The Trust is highly dependent on its Trustor, SandRidge, for multiple services, including the operation of the Trust wells, remittance of net proceeds from the sale of associated production to the Trust, administrative services such as accounting, tax preparation, bookkeeping and informational services performed on behalf of the Trust. The ability to operate the properties depends on the Trustor s future financial condition and economic performance, access to capital, and other factors, many of which are out of the control of the Trustor.  On May 16, 2016, the Trustor and certain of its direct and indirect subsidiaries (collectively, the  Debtors ) filed voluntary petitions for reorganization under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code (the  Bankruptcy Code ) in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of Texas (the  Bankruptcy Court ). The cases are jointly administered under the caption In re: SandRidge Energy Inc., et al.  The Debtors continue to operate the business as  debtors-in-possession  under the jurisdiction of the Bankruptcy Court and in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Bankruptcy Code and orders of the Bankruptcy Court. On September 9, 2016, the Bankruptcy Court approved the Debtors  Plan of Reorganization, and on October 4, 2016, the Debtors emerged from Chapter 11 bankruptcy. 
     
   2016 Trust Distributions to Unitholders.   During the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016, the Trust s distributions to unitholders were as follows: 

16   

Table of Contents   
     
   Future Trust Distributions to Unitholders.   During the three-month production period from June 1, 2016 to August 31, 2016, total sales volumes were slightly lower than the previous period; however, oil, natural gas and NGL prices increased. On October 27, 2016, the Trust declared a cash distribution of $0.0542 per unit covering production for the period. The distribution will be paid on or about November 25, 2016 to record unitholders as of November 11, 2016 and was calculated as follows (in thousands, except for unit and per unit amounts): 

(1)                     Includes amounts withheld for payment of future Trust administrative expenses. 
     
  As the Trust cannot acquire or cause additional wells to be drilled on its behalf, the Trust s production is expected to decline each quarter during the remainder of its life.  
     
   ITEM 3.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk      
     
   Commodity Price Risk.   Because the Trust s primary asset and source of income is the Royalty Interests, which generally entitle the Trust to receive a portion of the net proceeds from sales of production from the Underlying Properties, the Trust s most significant market risk relates to the prices received for oil, natural gas and NGL production. Revenue derived from the Royalty Interests, and therefore the amount of cash flow available for distribution to the Trust unitholders, depends substantially on prevailing oil, natural gas and NGL prices. Lower prices may also reduce the amount of oil, natural gas and NGL that can be economically produced from the Underlying Properties. 
     
  The  Trust was party to a derivatives agreement with SandRidge that provided the Trust with the economic effect of certain oil and natural gas derivative contracts for production through December 31, 2015 (which had effects extending into the May 2016 distribution to unitholders) and mitigated a portion of the variability of oil and natural gas prices received for the Trust s share of production. The Trust received net settlement proceeds of approximately $9.6 million and $14.2 million related to the derivatives agreement during the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The Trust no longer has the benefit of the derivative contracts, and therefore the amount of future cash distributions will be subject to unmitigated changes in oil and natural gas prices. The Trust does not have the ability to enter into additional derivative contracts. 
     
   ITEM 4.  Controls and Procedures      
     
   Disclosure Controls and Procedures   
     
  The Trustee conducted an evaluation of the Trust s disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Trust in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and such information is accumulated and communicated as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on this evaluation, the Trustee has concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures of the Trust are effective as of the end of the period covered by this report. In its evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures, the Trustee has relied, to the extent considered reasonable, on information provided by SandRidge.  
     
  Due to the nature of the Trust as a passive entity and in light of the contractual arrangements pursuant to which the Trust was created, including the provisions of (i) the trust agreement, (ii) the administrative services agreement, (iii) the development agreement and (iv) the conveyances granting the Royalty Interests, the Trustee s disclosure controls and procedures related to the Trust necessarily rely on (A) information provided by SandRidge, including information relating to results of operations, the costs and revenues attributable to the Trust s interests under the conveyance and other operating and historical data, plans for future operating and capital expenditures, reserve information, information relating to projected production, and other information relating to the status and results of operations of the Underlying Properties and the Royalty Interests, and (B) conclusions and reports regarding reserves by the Trust s independent reserve engineers.  
     
   Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting   
     
  There were no changes in the Trust s internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended September 30, 2016, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Trustee s internal control over financial reporting. The Trustee notes for purposes of clarification that it has no authority over, has not evaluated and makes no statement concerning, the internal control over financial reporting of SandRidge.  
     
 17   

Table of Contents   
     
   PART II. Other Information     
     
   ITEM 1.  Legal Proceedings      
     
  On May 11, 2015, the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Oklahoma issued an order dismissing all claims against the Trust in a putative class action lawsuit filed by unitholders of the Trust and stockholders of SandRidge, in which the plaintiffs asserted a variety of federal securities claims against the Trust, SandRidge and certain of SandRidge s current and former officers and directors, among other defendants.  As a result of the order, the Trust is no longer a party in the lawsuit.  However, the dismissal was based on a procedural defect, and thus was made without prejudice to the plaintiffs  rights, if any, to refile their claims against the Trust once the defect is cured.  
     
  On June 9, 2015, the Duane   Virginia Lanier Trust, on behalf of itself and all other similarly situated unitholders of the Trust, filed a putative class action complaint in the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Oklahoma against the Trust, SandRidge and certain current and former executive officers of SandRidge, among other defendants (the  Securities Litigation ). The complaint asserts a variety of federal securities claims on behalf of a putative class of (a) purchasers of common units of the Trust in or traceable to its initial public offering on or about April 7, 2011, and (b) purchasers of common units of SandRidge Mississippian Trust II in or traceable to its initial public offering on or about April 17, 2012.  The claims are based on allegations that SandRidge and certain of its current and former officers and directors, among other defendants, including the Trust are responsible for making false and misleading statements, and omitting material information, concerning a variety of subjects, including oil and gas reserves. The plaintiffs seek class certification, an order rescinding the Trust s initial public offering and an unspecified amount of damages, plus interest, attorneys  fees and costs. On May 20, 2016, the Court entered an Administrative Closing Order terminating the action, without prejudice to the rights of the parties to reopen the proceeding for good cause shown, within thirty days after the termination of SandRidge s bankruptcy proceedings.  On October 27, 2016, the Court entered an order reopening this proceeding and allowing the plaintiffs to pursue their claims against the non-debtor defendants, and against SandRidge as a nominal defendant only. 
     
  Regardless of the outcome of the litigation, the Trust may incur expenses in defending the litigation, and any such expenses may increase the Trust s administrative expenses significantly. The Trust will estimate and financially provide for potential losses that may arise out of litigation to the extent that such losses are probable and can be reasonably estimated. Significant judgment will be required in making any such estimates and any final liabilities of the Trust may ultimately be materially different than any estimates. The Trust is currently unable to assess the probability of loss or estimate a range of any potential loss the Trust may incur in connection with the Securities Litigation, and has not established any reserves relating to the Securities Litigation.  The Trust may withhold estimated amounts from future distributions to cover future costs associated with the litigation if determined necessary. The Trust has not yet fully analyzed any rights it may have to indemnities that may be applicable or any claims it may make in connection with the Securities Litigation.  
     
   ITEM 1A.  Risk Factors      
     
  Risk factors relating to the Trust are contained in Item 1A of the 2015 Form 10-K. No material change to such risk factors has occurred during the three-month period ended September 30, 2016.  
     
   ITEM 6.  Exhibits      
     
  See the Exhibit Index accompanying this Quarterly Report.  
     
 18   

Table of Contents   
     
   SIGNATURE   
     
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.  

SANDRIDGE   MISSISSIPPIAN TRUST I           

By:       
 
  THE   BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, N.A., Trustee           

By:       
 
  /s/ Sarah   Newell           

Sarah   Newell           

Vice President            

Date: November 7, 2016  
     
  The Registrant, SandRidge Mississippian Trust I, has no principal executive officer, principal financial officer, board of directors or persons performing similar functions. Accordingly, no additional signatures are available, and none have been provided. In signing the report above, the Trustee does not imply that it has performed any such function or that any such function exists pursuant to the terms of the trust agreement under which it serves.  
     
 19   

Table of Contents   
     
   EXHIBIT INDEX   

20   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 a16-17155_1ex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1   
     
   Certification   
     
  I, Sarah Newell, certify that:  
     
  1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of SandRidge Mississippian Trust I, for which The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., acts as Trustee;  
     
  2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
     
  3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
     
  4. I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and I have:  
     
  (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant , including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to me by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
     
  (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with the basis of accounting described in Note 2;  
     
  (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
     
  (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  
     
  5. I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation, to the registrant s auditors:  
     
  (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
     
  (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves any persons who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  
     
  In giving the foregoing certifications in paragraphs 4 and 5, I have relied to the extent I consider reasonable on information provided to me by SandRidge Energy, Inc.  

/s/   Sarah Newell           

Sarah   Newell           

Vice   President           

The   Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A.,    as Trustee of SandRidge Mississippian Trust I              
     
  Date: November 7, 2016  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 a16-17155_1ex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32.1   
     
  Securities and Exchange Commission  
  100 F Street, N.E.  
  Washington, D.C. 20549  
     
  RE:     Certification pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. Section 1350)  
     
  Ladies and Gentlemen:  
     
  In connection with the Quarterly Report of SandRidge Mississippian Trust I (the  Trust ) on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), the undersigned, not in its individual capacity but solely as the Trustee of the Trust, certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, that to its knowledge:  
     
  (1)                                        The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
     
  (2)                                        The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Trust. 
     
  The above certification is furnished solely pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350) and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document.  

/s/   Sarah Newell           

Sarah   Newell           

Vice   President           

The   Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A.,    as Trustee of SandRidge Mississippian Trust I              
     
  November 7, 2016  

</EX-32.1>

