<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1142412_0001564590-16-029211_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3095603</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>78888</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>137213</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>747081</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>975909</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>654533</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>18</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001564590-16-029211.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114145335
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001564590-16-029211
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		43
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MISSION BROADCASTING INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001142412
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	TELEVISION BROADCASTING STATIONS [4833]
		IRS NUMBER:				510388022
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-62916-02
		FILM NUMBER:		161993925

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		30400 DETROIT RD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 304
		CITY:			WESTLAKE
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			44145
		BUSINESS PHONE:		440-526-2227

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		30400 DETROIT RD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 304
		CITY:			WESTLAKE
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			44145

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MISSION BROADCASTING OF WICHITA FALLS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20010611

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001564590-16-029211.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 mbcc-10q_20160930.htm
 FORM 10-Q

mbcc-10q_20160930.htm

UNITED STATES  
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  
 Washington, DC 20549  
 FORM  10-Q   

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016  
 OR  

For the transition period from                     to                     .  
 Commission File Number: 333-62916-02  
 MISSION BROADCASTING, INC.  
 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)  

(440) 526-2227  
 (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code)  
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that it was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes           No         
 Note: The registrant is a voluntary filer and is not subject to the filing requirements. However, the registrant has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes           No         
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (check one):  

Large accelerated filer  

Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  

Smaller reporting company  

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes           No          
 As of November 7, 2016, the Registrant had 1,000 shares of common stock outstanding, held by two shareholders.  

TABLE OF CONTENTS   

Page  

PART I  

FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

ITEM 1.  

Financial Statements (Unaudited)    

Condensed Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015    

1  

Condensed Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015    

2  

Condensed Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015     

3  

Notes to Condensed Financial Statements    

4  

ITEM 2.  

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations    

13  

ITEM 3.  

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk    

21  

ITEM 4.  

Controls and Procedures    

22  

PART II  

OTHER INFORMATION  

ITEM 1.  

Legal Proceedings    

23  

ITEM 1A.  

Risk Factors    

23  

ITEM 2.  

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds    

23  

ITEM 3.  

Defaults Upon Senior Securities    

23  

ITEM 4.  

Mine Safety Disclosures    

23  

ITEM 5.  

Other Information    

23  

ITEM 6.  

Exhibits    

24  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

ITEM 1.   
 
     Financial Statements     

     MISSION BROADCASTING, INC.  
 CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS  
 (in thousands, except share information, unaudited)  

The accompanying Notes are an integral part of these Condensed Financial Statements.  

1 
 
      MISSION BROADCASTING, INC.   
 CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS  
 (in thousands, unaudited)  

The accompanying Notes are an integral part of these Condensed Financial Statements.  

2 
 
      MISSION BROADCASTING, INC.   
 CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  
 (in thousands, unaudited)  

The accompanying Notes are an integral part of these Condensed Financial Statements.  

3 
 
      MISSION BROADCASTING, INC.   
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

1.  Organization and Business Operations  
 As of September 30, 2016,  Mission Broadcasting, Inc. ( Mission  or the  Company ) owned and operated 18 full power television stations, affiliated with the NBC, ABC, CBS, FOX or The CW television networks, in 17 markets located in the states of Arkansas, Illinois, Indiana, Louisiana, Missouri, Montana, New York, Pennsylvania, Texas and Vermont . The Company operates in one reportable television broadcasting segment.  Through local service agreements, Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. ( Nexstar ) provides sales and operating services to all of the Mission television stations (see Note 3).   
 The Company is highly leveraged, which makes it vulnerable to changes in general economic conditions. The Company s ability to repay or refinance its debt will depend on, among other things, financial, business, market, competitive and other conditions, many of which are beyond its control, as well as Nexstar maintaining its pledge to continue the local service agreements with the Company s stations. Management believes that with Nexstar s pledge to continue the local service agreements as described in a letter of support dated March 25, 2016, the Company s available cash, anticipated cash flow from operations and available borrowings under its senior secured credit facility should be sufficient to fund working capital, capital expenditure requirements, interest payments and scheduled debt principal payments for at least the next twelve months from September 30, 2016, enabling Mission to continue to operate as a going concern. 
 Nexstar s senior secured credit facility agreement contains covenants which require Nexstar to comply with certain financial ratios, including (a) a maximum consolidated total net leverage ratio, (b) a maximum consolidated first lien net leverage ratio, and (c) a minimum consolidated fixed charge coverage ratio. The covenants, which are calculated on a quarterly basis, include the combined results of Nexstar and its variable interest entities, including Mission. The Company s senior secured credit facility agreement does not contain financial covenant ratio requirements; however, it does include default provisions in the event Nexstar does not comply with all covenants contained in its credit agreement. As of September 30, 2016, Nexstar has informed Mission that it was in compliance with all covenants contained in its credit agreement and the indentures governing its senior unsecured notes. 
   
 2.  Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  
 Interim Financial Statements  
 The Condensed Financial Statements as of September 30, 2016 and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are unaudited. However, in the opinion of management, such financial statements include all adjustments (consisting solely of normal recurring adjustments) necessary for the fair statement of the financial information included herein in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( U.S. GAAP ) and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ). The preparation of the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Results of operations for interim periods are not necessarily indicative of results for the full year. These Condensed Financial Statements should be read in conjunction with the Financial Statements and related Notes included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. The balance sheet as of December 31, 2015 has been derived from the audited Financial Statements as of that date, but does not include all the information and footnotes required by U.S. GAAP for complete financial statements. 
 Financial Instruments  
 The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, broadcast rights payable, accounts payable and accrued expenses approximate fair value due to their short-term nature. See Note 6 for fair value disclosures related to the Company s debt.  
 Basis of Presentation  
 Certain prior year financial statement amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation. These reclassifications had no effect on net income or shareholders  deficit as previously reported. 
   
 4 
 
    Recent Accounting Pronouncements   
 In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) , which updates the accounting guidance on revenue recognition. This standard is intended to provide a more robust framework for addressing revenue issues, improve comparability of revenue recognition practices and improve disclosure requirements. The standard is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017. Transition to the new guidance may be done using either a full or modified retrospective method. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the provisions of the accounting standard update. 
 In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,  Leases (Topic 842)  (ASU 2016-02). The new guidance requires the recording of assets and liabilities arising from leases on the balance sheet accompanied by enhanced qualitative and quantitative disclosures in the notes to the financial statements.  The new guidance is expected to provide transparency of information and comparability among organizations. ASU 2016-02 is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the provisions of the accounting standard update. 
   
 In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-08,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Principal versus Agent Considerations  (ASU 2016-08). The purpose of ASU 2016-08 is to clarify the implementation of guidance on principal versus agent considerations. In April 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-10,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing  (ASU 2016-10), which clarifies the implementation guidance in identifying performance obligations in a contract and determining whether an entity s promise to grant a license provides a customer with either a right to use the entity s intellectual property (which is satisfied at a point in time) or a right to access the entity s intellectual property (which is satisfied over time). In May 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-12,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers: Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients  (ASU 2016-12). The standard amends guidance in the new revenue standard on collectibility, noncash consideration, presentation of sales tax, and transition and is intended to address implementation issues that were raised by stakeholders and provide additional practical expedients. The effective date and transition requirements for ASU 2016-08, ASU 2016-10 and ASU 2016-12 are the same as those for ASU 2014-09 discussed above. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of these updates on its financial statements. 
   
 In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230) Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments (a consensus of the Emerging Issues Task Force)  (ASU 2016-15). The amendments in ASU 2016-15 address eight specific cash flow issues and apply to all entities that are required to present a statement of cash flows under FASB Accounting Standards Codification 230, Statement of Cash Flows. The amendments in ASU 2016-15 are effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2017. Early adoption is permitted, including adoption during an interim period. The Company does not expect the implementation of this standard to have a material impact on its statements of cash flows. 
   
 5 

3.  Local Service Agreements with Nexstar 
 The Company has entered into local service agreements with Nexstar to provide sales and/or operating services to all of its stations. For the stations with a shared services agreement ( SSA ), the Nexstar station in the market provides certain services including news production, technical maintenance and security, in exchange for monthly payments to Nexstar. For each station with which the Company has entered into an SSA, it has also entered into a joint sales agreement ( JSA ), whereby Nexstar sells certain advertising time of the station and retains a percentage of the related revenue. For the stations with a time brokerage agreement ( TBA ), Nexstar programs most of the station s broadcast time, sells the station s advertising time and retains the advertising revenue it generates in exchange for monthly payments to Mission, based on the station s monthly operating expenses. JSA and TBA fees generated from Nexstar under the agreements are reported as  Revenue from Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc.,  and SSA fees incurred by Mission under the agreements are reported as  Fees incurred pursuant to local service agreements with Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc.  in the accompanying Condensed Statements of Operations. 
 Under these agreements, Mission is responsible for certain operating expenses of its stations and therefore may have unlimited exposure to any potential operating losses. Mission will continue to operate its stations under the SSAs and JSAs or TBAs until the termination of such agreements. The local service agreements generally have a term of eight to ten years. Nexstar indemnifies Mission from Nexstar s activities pursuant to the local service agreements to which Nexstar is a party. 
 Under the local service agreements, Nexstar receives substantially all of the Company s available cash, after satisfaction of operating costs and debt obligations. The Company anticipates that Nexstar will continue to receive substantially all of its available cash, after satisfaction of operating costs and debt obligations. In compliance with FCC regulations for both the Company and Nexstar, Mission maintains complete responsibility for and control over programming, finances, personnel and operations of its stations. Mission had the following local service agreements in effect with Nexstar as of September 30, 2016: 

Service Agreements  

Full Power Stations  

TBA Only  

WFXP and KHMT  

SSA   JSA  

KJTL, KLRT, KASN, KOLR, KCIT, KAMC, KRBC, KSAN, WUTR, WAWV, WYOU, KODE, WTVO, KTVE, WTVW and WVNY  

6 

4.  Intangible Assets and Goodwill  
 Intangible assets subject to amortization consisted of the following (in thousands):  

The following table presents the Company s estimate of amortization expense for the remainder of 2016, each of the five succeeding years ended December 31 and thereafter for definite-lived intangible assets as of September 30, 2016 (in thousands):  

The carrying amounts of goodwill and FCC licenses were as follows (in thousands): 

Indefinite-lived intangible assets are not subject to amortization, but are tested for impairment annually or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that such assets might be impaired. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company did not identify any events that would trigger an impairment assessment. 
   
 5.  Accrued Expenses 
 Accrued expenses consisted of the following (in thousands): 

7 
 
    6.  Debt   
 Long-term debt consisted of the following (in thousands):  

2016 Transactions  
 Through September 2016, the Company repaid the scheduled maturity under its term loan of $1.7 million.  
 Unused Commitments and Borrowing Availability  
 As of September 30, 2016, the Company had $8.0 million unused revolving loan commitment under its amended senior secured credit facility, all of which was available for borrowing, based on the covenant calculations.  Pursuant to the terms of the Company s and Nexstar s amended credit agreements, the Company may reallocate any of its unused revolving loan commitment to Nexstar and Nexstar may also reallocate certain of its unused revolving loan commitment to the Company . 
 Collateralization and Guarantees of Debt 
 Nexstar Broadcasting Group, Inc. (Nexstar s parent) and its subsidiaries guarantee full payment of all obligations under the Mission senior secured credit facility in the event of Mission s default. Similarly, Mission is a guarantor of Nexstar s senior secured credit facility, and the $525.0 million 6.875% senior unsecured notes (the  6.875% Notes ) and $275.0 million 6.125% senior unsecured notes (the  6.125% Notes ) issued by Nexstar. The senior secured credit facilities are collateralized by a security interest in substantially all the combined assets, excluding FCC licenses, of Nexstar and Mission. 
 On January 27, 2016, Nexstar Broadcasting Group, Inc. entered into a definitive merger agreement with Media General, Inc. ( Media General ) whereby Nexstar Broadcasting Group, Inc. will acquire Media General s outstanding equity. In connection with this transaction, Nexstar Broadcasting Group, Inc. has received commitment from a group of commercial banks in the form of credit facilities and notes to provide the debt financing to consummate the merger and refinance certain existing indebtedness of Nexstar, Media General and certain of their variable interest entities. The refinancing will include Mission s senior secured credit facility.  
 On July 27, 2016, Nexstar Escrow Corporation, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Nexstar Broadcasting Group, Inc. ( Nexstar Escrow ), completed the issuance and sale of $900.0 million of 5.625% Senior Unsecured Notes at par (the  5.625% Notes ). These notes will mature on August 1, 2024 and interest is payable semiannually in arrears on February 1 and August 1 of each year beginning on February 1, 2017.  The proceeds of the 5.625% Notes, which were deposited into a segregated escrow account, are expected to be used by Nexstar to partially finance the Media General merger, to refinance certain existing indebtedness of Nexstar and Media General, to pay related fees and expenses and for general corporate purposes. The 5.625% Notes are currently not guaranteed but are secured by a first-priority security interest in the escrow account and all deposits and investment property therein. Following the consummation of the merger and the debt refinancing, which is expected to occur in the fourth quarter of 2016, the 5.625% Notes will be guaranteed by Mission and Nexstar and certain of their future wholly-owned subsidiaries, subject to certain customary release provisions. The 5.625% Notes will be junior to Mission s senior secured credit facility to the extent of the value of the assets securing such debt.    
 Debt Covenants  
 The Mission senior secured credit facility agreement does not contain financial covenant ratio requirements, but includes default provisions in the event Nexstar does not comply with all covenants contained in its credit agreement. Nexstar has informed Mission that it was in compliance with its debt covenants as of September 30, 2016 .   
   
 8 
 
    Fair Value of Debt   
 The aggregate carrying amounts and estimated fair values of the Company s debt were as follows (in thousands):  

The fair values of the term loans are computed based on borrowing rates currently available to Mission for bank loans with similar terms and average maturities. These fair value measurements are considered Level 3, as significant inputs to the fair value calculation are unobservable in the market. 
   
 7.  FCC Regulatory Matters  
 Television broadcasting is subject to the jurisdiction of the FCC under the Communications Act of 1934, as amended (the  Communications Act ). The Communications Act prohibits the operation of television broadcasting stations except under a license issued by the FCC, and empowers the FCC, among other things, to issue, revoke and modify broadcasting licenses, determine the location of television stations, regulate the equipment used by television stations, adopt regulations to carry out the provisions of the Communications Act and impose penalties for the violation of such regulations. The FCC s ongoing rule making proceedings could have a significant future impact on the television industry and on the operation of the Company s stations. In addition, the U.S. Congress may act to amend the Communications Act or adopt other legislation in a manner that could impact the Company s stations and the television broadcast industry in general. 
 The FCC has adopted rules with respect to the final conversion of existing low power and television translator stations to digital operations, which must be completed within 51 months after the completion of the broadcast television incentive auction. 
 Media Ownership  
 The FCC is required to review its media ownership rules every four years and to eliminate those rules it finds no longer serve the  public interest, convenience and necessity.   
 In August 2016, the FCC adopted a Second Report and Order (the  2016 Ownership Order ) concluding the agency s 2010 and 2014 quadrennial reviews.  The 2016 Ownership Order (1) retains the existing local television ownership rule and radio/television cross-ownership rule (with minor technical modifications to address the transition to digital television broadcasting), (2) extends the current ban on common ownership of two top-four television stations in a market to network affiliation swaps, (3) retains the existing ban on newspaper/broadcast cross-ownership in local markets while considering waivers and providing an exception for failed or failing entities, (4) retains the existing dual network rule and (5) defines a category of sharing agreements designated as SSAs between stations and requires public disclosure of those SSAs (while not considering them attributable).  
 In March 2014, the FCC adopted a rule making television JSAs attributable to the seller of advertising time in certain circumstances. Under this rule, where a party owns a full-power television station in a market and sells more than 15% of the weekly advertising time for another, non-owned station in the same market under a JSA, that party was deemed to have an attributable interest in the latter station for purposes of the local television ownership rule. Parties to newly attributable JSAs that did not comply with the local television ownership rule were given two years to modify or terminate their JSAs to come into compliance. However, subsequent federal legislation extended the JSA compliance deadline until September 30, 2025.  
 In May 2016, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit issued a decision that vacated the JSA attribution rule and remanded it to the FCC. The court determined that the FCC had violated the Communications Act by adopting the JSA attribution rule without determining, through the quadrennial review process, that the underlying local television ownership rule remains in the public interest.  In its 2016 Ownership Order, however, the FCC reimposed the JSA attribution rule while extending the compliance period for pre-March 2014 JSAs to September 30, 2025. If the Company is required to amend or terminate its existing agreements with Nexstar, it could have a reduction in revenue and increased costs if it is unable to successfully implement alternative arrangements that are as beneficial as the existing JSAs. The FCC s 2016 Ownership Order is subject to appeal.   
   
 9 
 
    Spectrum   
   
 The FCC is seeking to make additional spectrum available to meet future wireless broadband needs. In February 2012, the U.S. Congress adopted legislation authorizing the FCC to conduct an incentive auction whereby television broadcasters could voluntarily relinquish their spectrum in exchange for consideration. The FCC has released various orders and public notices which set forth procedures for the incentive auction and the subsequent  repacking  of broadcast television spectrum and resolve various technical and other issues related to the incentive auction, the possible sharing of channels by television stations, and the repurposing of television spectrum for broadband use.  The Company filed an application to participate in the incentive auction, which commenced on March 29, 2016 and is ongoing. The reallocation of television spectrum for wireless broadband use will require many television stations to change channel or otherwise modify their technical facilities after the incentive auction concludes.  The FCC has solicited comment on a proposed schedule for this transition. The reallocation of television spectrum to broadband use may be to the detriment of the Company s investment in digital facilities, could require substantial additional investment to continue current operations, and may require viewers to invest in additional equipment or subscription services to continue receiving broadcast television signals. The Company cannot predict the impact of the incentive auction and subsequent repacking on its business. 
 Retransmission Consent  
   
 On March 3, 2011, the FCC initiated a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking to reexamine its rules (i) governing the requirements for good faith negotiations between multichannel video program distributors ( MVPDs ) and broadcasters, including implementing a prohibition on one station negotiating retransmission consent terms for another station under a local service agreement; (ii) for providing advance notice to consumers in the event of dispute; and (iii) to extend certain cable-only obligations to all MVPDs. The FCC also asked for comment on eliminating the network non-duplication and syndicated exclusivity protection rules, which may permit MVPDs to import out-of-market television stations during a retransmission consent dispute. 
   
 In March 2014, the FCC adopted a rule that prohibits joint retransmission consent negotiation between television stations in the same market which are not commonly owned and which are ranked among the top four stations in the market in terms of audience share.  On December 5, 2014, federal legislation extended the joint negotiation prohibition to all non-commonly owned television stations in a market. This new rule requires the Company to negotiate retransmission consent agreements separately from Nexstar. The December 2014 legislation also directed the FCC to commence a rulemaking to  review its totality of the circumstances test for good faith [retransmission consent] negotiations.   The FCC commenced this proceeding in September 2015 and comments and reply comments have been submitted. In July 2016, the Chairman of the FCC publicly announced that the agency would not adopt additional rules in this proceeding. 
 Concurrently with its adoption of the prohibition on certain joint retransmission consent negotiations, the FCC also adopted a further notice of proposed rulemaking which seeks additional comment on the elimination or modification of the network non-duplication and syndicated exclusivity rules. The FCC s prohibition on certain joint retransmission consent negotiations and its possible elimination or modification of the network non-duplication and syndicated exclusivity protection rules may affect the Company s ability to sustain its current level of retransmission consent revenues or grow such revenues in the future and could have an adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. The Company cannot predict the resolution of the FCC s network non-duplication and syndicated exclusivity proposals, or the impact of these proposals or the FCC s prohibition on certain joint negotiations, on its business. 
 Further, certain online video distributors and other over-the-top video distributors ( OTTDs ) have begun streaming broadcast programming over the Internet. In June 2014, the U.S. Supreme Court held that an OTTD s retransmissions of broadcast television signals without the consent of the broadcast station violate copyright holders  exclusive right to perform their works publicly as provided under the Copyright Act. In December 2014, the FCC issued a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking proposing to interpret the term  MVPD  to encompass OTTDs that make available for purchase multiple streams of video programming distributed at a prescheduled time, and seeking comment on the effects of applying MVPD rules to such OTTDs. Comments and reply comments were filed in the first and second quarters of 2015 and the Company cannot predict the outcome of the proceeding. However, if the FCC ultimately determines that an OTTD is not an MVPD, or declines to apply certain rules governing MVPDs to OTTDs, the Company s business and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 
   
 10 

8.  Commitments and Contingencies  
 Guarantee of Nexstar Debt  
 Mission is a guarantor of and has pledged substantially all its assets, excluding FCC licenses, to guarantee Nexstar s credit facility. Mission is also a guarantor of Nexstar s 6.875% Notes and 6.125% Notes.  
 The 6.875% Notes and the 6.125% Notes are general senior unsecured obligations subordinated to all of Mission s senior secured debt. In the event that Nexstar is unable to repay amounts due under these debt obligations, Mission will be obligated to repay such amounts. The maximum potential amount of future payments that Mission would be required to make under these guarantees would be generally limited to the amount of borrowings outstanding under Nexstar s senior secured credit facility, the 6.875% Notes and the 6.125% Notes . As of September 30, 2016,  Nexstar had $520.5 million outstanding obligations under its 6.875% Notes due on November 15, 2020, had $272.5 million outstanding obligations under its 6.125% Notes due on February 15, 2022, and had a maximum commitment of  $487.0 million under its senior secured credit facility, of which $253.1 million  in Term Loan B-2 and $138.9 million in Term Loan A were outstanding. 
 Nexstar s Term Loan B-2 is payable in consecutive quarterly installments of 0.25% of the aggregate principal, adjusted for any prepayments, with the remainder due in full at maturity on October 1, 2020. Nexstar s Term Loan A is payable in quarterly installments that increase over time from 5.0% to 10.0% of the aggregate principal, adjusted for any prepayments, with the remainder due in full at maturity on June 28, 2018. The revolving loans are due in December 2017. 
 On January 27, 2016, Nexstar Broadcasting Group, Inc. entered into a definitive merger agreement with Media General, Inc. ( Media General ) whereby Nexstar Broadcasting Group, Inc. will acquire Media General s outstanding equity. In connection with this transaction, Nexstar Broadcasting Group, Inc. has received commitment from a group of commercial banks in the form of credit facilities and notes to provide the debt financing to consummate the merger and refinance certain existing indebtedness of Nexstar, Media General and certain of their variable interest entities. The refinancing will include Mission s senior secured credit facilities.  
 On July 27, 2016, Nexstar Escrow completed the issuance and sale of $900.0 million of 5.625% Notes. These notes will mature on August 1, 2024 and interest is payable semiannually in arrears on February 1 and August 1 of each year beginning on February 1, 2017.  The proceeds of the 5.625% Notes, which were deposited into a segregated escrow account, are expected to be used by Nexstar to partially finance the Media General merger, to refinance certain existing indebtedness of Nexstar and Media General, to pay related fees and expenses and for general corporate purposes. The 5.625% Notes are currently not guaranteed but are secured by a first-priority security interest in the escrow account and all deposits and investment property therein. Following the consummation of the merger and the debt refinancing, which is expected to occur in the fourth quarter of 2016, the 5.625% Notes will be guaranteed by Mission and Nexstar and certain of their future wholly-owned subsidiaries, subject to certain customary release provisions. The 5.625% Notes will be junior to Mission s senior secured credit facilities to the extent of the value of the assets securing such debt. 
 Purchase Options Granted to Nexstar 
 In consideration of the guarantee of Mission s bank credit facility by Nexstar Broadcasting Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries, Mission has granted Nexstar purchase options to acquire the assets and assume the liabilities of each Mission station, subject to FCC consent, for consideration equal to the greater of (1) seven times the station s cash flow, as defined in the option agreement, less the amount of its indebtedness as defined in the option agreement, or (2) the amount of its indebtedness. Cash flow is defined as income or loss from operations, plus depreciation and amortization (including amortization of broadcast rights), interest income, non-cash trade and barter expenses, nonrecurring expenses (including time brokerage agreement fees), network compensation payments received or receivable and corporate management fees, less payments for broadcast rights, non-cash trade and barter revenue and network compensation revenue. Additionally, Mission s shareholders have granted Nexstar an option to purchase any or all of the Company s stock, subject to FCC consent, for a price equal to the pro rata portion of the greater of (1) five times the stations  cash flow, as defined in the agreement, reduced by the amount of indebtedness, as defined in the agreement, or (2) $100,000. These option agreements (which expire on various dates between 2017 and 2024) are freely exercisable or assignable by Nexstar without consent or approval by Mission or its shareholders. The Company expects these option agreements to be renewed upon expiration. 
   
 11 
 
    Indemnification Obligations   
 In connection with certain agreements that the Company enters into in the normal course of its business, including local service agreements, business acquisitions and borrowing arrangements, the Company enters into contractual arrangements under which the Company agrees to indemnify the other party to such arrangement from losses, claims and damages incurred by the indemnified party for certain events as defined within the particular contract. Such indemnification obligations may not be subject to maximum loss clauses and the maximum potential amount of future payments the Company could be required to make under these indemnification arrangements may be unlimited. Historically, payments made related to these indemnifications have been insignificant and the Company has not incurred significant costs to defend lawsuits or settle claims related to these indemnification agreements.    
 Litigation  
 From time to time, the Company is involved with claims that arise out of the normal course of business. In the opinion of management, any resulting liability with respect to these claims would not have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial position or results of operations. 
   
 12 

ITEM 2.   
 
          Mana  gement s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations     

 The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our Condensed Financial Statements and related Notes included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and the Financial Statements and related Notes contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. Throughout this discussion, all references to  Mission,   we,   our,   us  and the  Company  refer to Mission Broadcasting, Inc. 
 Overview of Operations 
 As of September 30, 2016, we owned and operated 18 full power television stations. We have local service agreements with certain television stations owned by Nexstar, through which Nexstar provides various programming, sales or other services to our television stations. In compliance with FCC regulations for both Nexstar and us, we maintain complete responsibility for and control over programming, finances, personnel and operations for our stations. 
 The following table summarizes the various local service agreements our stations had in effect as of September 30, 2016 with Nexstar: 

Service Agreements  

Full Power Stations  

TBA Only  

WFXP and KHMT  

SSA   JSA  

KJTL, KLRT, KASN, KOLR, KCIT, KAMC, KRBC, KSAN, WUTR, WAWV, WYOU, KODE, WTVO, KTVE, WTVW and WVNY  

Under the local service agreements, Nexstar receives substantially all of our available cash, after satisfaction of operating costs and debt obligations. We anticipate that Nexstar will continue to receive substantially all of our available cash, after satisfaction of operating costs and debt obligations. For more information about our local service agreements with Nexstar, refer to Note 3 of our Condensed Financial Statements in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 The operating revenue of our stations is derived primarily from revenues earned under our retransmission agreements with MVPDs and broadcast advertising revenue sold and collected by Nexstar and paid to us under the JSAs. Broadcast advertising revenue is affected by a number of factors, including the economic conditions of the markets in which we operate, the demographic makeup of those markets and the marketing strategy employed in each market. Advertising revenue is positively affected by strong local economies, national and regional political election campaigns, and certain events such as the Olympic Games or the Super Bowl. Because television broadcast stations rely on advertising revenue, declines in advertising budgets, particularly in recessionary periods, adversely affect the broadcast industry, and as a result may contribute to a decrease in the revenue of broadcast television stations. The stations  advertising revenue is generally highest in the second and fourth quarters of each year, due in part to increases in consumer advertising in the spring and retail advertising in the period leading up to, and including, the holiday season. In addition, advertising revenue is generally higher during even-numbered years, when state, congressional and presidential elections occur and from advertising aired during the Olympic Games. As 2016 is an election year and an Olympic year, we expect an increase in advertising revenue to be reported in 2016 compared to 2015. 
 We earn revenues from local cable providers, direct broadcast satellite services and other MVPDs for the retransmission of our broadcasts. These revenues are generally earned based on a price per subscriber of the MVPD within the retransmission area. We have been successful at negotiating favorable pricing with MVPDs, as well as signing retransmission agreements with additional MVPDs, driving significant revenue gains over the last few years. 
 Most of our stations have a network affiliation agreement pursuant to which the network provides programming to the station during specified time periods, including prime time, in exchange for network affiliation fees and the right to sell a portion of the advertising time during these broadcasts. 
 Each station acquires licenses to broadcast programming in non-news and non-network time periods. The licenses are either purchased from a program distributor for cash or the program distributor is allowed to sell some of the advertising inventory as compensation to eliminate or reduce the cash cost for the license. The latter practice is referred to as barter broadcast rights. The station records the estimated fair market value of the licenses, including any advertising inventory given to the program distributor, as a broadcast right asset and liability. Barter broadcast rights are recorded at management s estimate of the value of the advertising time exchanged using historical advertising rates, which approximates the fair value of the program material received. The assets are amortized using the straight-line method over the license period or period of usage, whichever ends earlier. The cash broadcast rights liabilities are reduced by monthly payments while the barter liability is amortized over the same amortization period as the asset as barter revenue.  
   
 13 
 
    Our primary operating expenses include   network affiliation costs, which can vary based on our broadcast programming and retransmission subscribers, and fixed monthly SSA fees paid to Nexstar for news production and technical and other services. To a lesser extent, our operating expenses includ  e employee compensation and related benefits. A large percentage of the costs involved in the operation of our stations remains fixed.  
 Regulatory Developments 
 As a television broadcaster, we are highly regulated and our operations require that we obtain or renew a variety of government approvals and comply with changing federal regulations. In 2014, the FCC modified its television ownership rules such that a television station licensee that sells more than 15 percent of the weekly advertising inventory of another television station in the same Designated Market Area was deemed to have an attributable ownership interest in that station. On May 25, 2016, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit issued a decision that vacated the JSA attribution rule and remanded it to the FCC.  The FCC, however, re-imposed the JSA attribution rule in August 2016, while giving parties to pre-March 2014 JSAs that do not comply with the local television ownership rule until September 30, 2025 to come into compliance.  If we are required to terminate or modify our JSAs or other local service agreements, we could have a reduction in revenue and increased costs if we are unable to successfully implement arrangements that are as beneficial as the existing JSAs. 
 In March 2014, the FCC s Media Bureau issued a public notice announcing  processing guidelines  for certain pending and future applications for FCC approval of television station acquisitions. The public notice indicates that the FCC will  closely scrutinize  applications which propose a JSA, SSA or local marketing agreement between television stations, combined with an option, a similar  contingent interest,  or a loan guarantee. These new processing guidelines have impacted our previously announced acquisitions and may affect future station acquisitions. 
 Also in March 2014, the FCC amended its rules governing retransmission consent negotiations. The amended rule initially prohibited two non-commonly owned stations ranked in the top four in viewership in a market from negotiating jointly with MVPDs. On December 5, 2014, federal legislation extended the joint negotiation prohibition to all non-commonly owned television stations in a market. We are now required to separately negotiate our retransmission consent agreements with MVPDs for certain of our stations. We cannot predict at this time the impact this amended rule will have on future negotiations with MVPDs and the impact, if any, it will have on our revenues and expenses. 
   
 14 
 
    Historical Performance  
 Revenue 
 The following table sets forth the principal types of revenue earned by our stations (in thousands): 

Results of Operations 
 The following table sets forth a summary of our operations (in thousands) and the components of operating expense as a percentage of net revenue: 

15 
 
    Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 Compared to Three Months Ended September 30, 2015  
 Revenue 
 Net revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2016 increased by $3.6 million, or 16.3%, from the same period in 2015. This increase was primarily attributed to compensation from retransmission consent. 
 Revenue from Nexstar was $10.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $8.9 million for the same period in 2015, an increase of $1.5 million, or 17.0%, as 2016 is an election year. The revenue we earn from Nexstar through our JSAs is directly correlated to the advertising revenue earned at our stations. 
 Compensation from retransmission consent was $14.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $12.3 million for the same period in 2015, an increase of $2.2 million, or 17.7%. The increase was primarily due to retransmission consent agreements providing for higher rates per subscriber during the quarter. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Corporate expenses were consistent at $0.3 million for each of the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. Corporate expense relates to costs associated with the centralized management of our stations. 
 Station direct operating expenses, consisting primarily of news, engineering and programming, and station selling, general and administrative expenses were $8.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $7.5 million for the same period in 2015, an increase of $0.7 million, or 9.7%. The increase was primarily due to an increase in programming costs primarily related to network affiliation agreements. Network affiliation fees have been increasing industry wide and will continue to increase over the next several years. 
 Local service agreement fees associated with Nexstar relate to services provided by Nexstar in the production of newscasts, technical maintenance, promotional and administrative support under the SSAs. SSA fees were $4.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $2.4 million for the same period in 2015, an increase of $2.1 million, due to amended SSA fees effective on January 1, 2016. 
 Depreciation of property and equipment was consistent at $0.6 million for each of the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 
 Amortization of intangible assets was consistent at $0.6 million for each of the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense was consistent at $2.3 million for each of the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 .  
 Income Taxes 
 Income tax expense was consistent at $3.1 million for each of the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.The effective tax rates for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were 38.6% and 44.4%, respectively. The higher effective tax rate in the prior year was primarily the result of an adjustment to tax expense related to the filing of state tax returns. 
   
 16 
 
    Nine Months Ended September 3  0, 2016 Compared to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015  
 Revenue 
 Net revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased by $10.4 million, or 16.2%, from the same period in 2015. This increase was primarily attributed to compensation from retransmission consent. 
 Revenue from Nexstar was $29.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $26.8 million for the same period in 2015, an increase of $2.4 million, or 9.1%, as 2016 is an election year. The revenue we earn from Nexstar through our JSAs is directly correlated to the advertising revenue earned at our stations. 
 Compensation from retransmission consent was $42.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $34.3 million for the same period in 2015, an increase of $8.1 million, or 23.6%. The increase was primarily due to retransmission consent agreements providing for higher rates per subscriber during the quarter. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Corporate expenses were consistent at $1.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $0.9 million for the same period in 2015. Corporate expense relates to costs associated with the centralized management of our stations. 
 Station direct operating expenses, consisting primarily of news, engineering and programming, and station selling, general and administrative expenses were $24.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $19.2 million for the same period in 2015, an increase of $5.0 million, or 25.9%. The increase was primarily due to an increase in programming costs related to recently enacted network affiliation agreements. Network affiliation fees have been increasing industry wide and will continue to increase over the next several years. 
 Local service agreement fees associated with Nexstar relate to services provided by Nexstar in the production of newscasts, technical maintenance, promotional and administrative support under the SSAs. SSA fees were $13.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $7.3 million for the same period in 2015, an increase of $6.2 million, due to amended SSA fees effective on January 1, 2016. 
 Depreciation of property and equipment was consistent at $1.8 million for each of the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 
 Amortization of intangible assets was consistent at $1.8 million for each of the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense was consistent at $7.0 million for each of the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 .  
 Income Taxes 
 Income tax expense was $8.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $9.0 million for the same period in 2015, a decrease of $0.7 million, or 7.4%. The effective tax rates for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were 38.7% and 40.6%, respectively. The higher effective tax rate in the prior year was primarily the result of an adjustment to tax expense related to the filing of state tax returns. 

17 
 
    Liquidity and Capital Resources  
 We are highly leveraged, which makes us vulnerable to changes in general economic conditions. Our ability to meet the future cash requirements described below depends on our ability to generate cash in the future, which is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other conditions, many of which are beyond our control. Our ability to meet future cash requirements is also dependent upon the local service agreements we have entered into with Nexstar. Under our local service agreements, Nexstar sells our advertising time and pays us a percentage of the amount collected. The payments we receive from Nexstar are a significant component of our cash flows. On March 25, 2016, Nexstar represented to us that it will continue the various local service agreements under which it provides sales and other services to our television stations, thereby providing financial support to enable us to continue to operate as a going concern. We believe that with Nexstar s pledge to continue the local service agreements, our available cash, anticipated cash flow from operations and available borrowings under our senior secured credit facility should be sufficient to fund working capital, capital expenditure requirements, interest payments and scheduled debt principal payments for at least the next twelve months from September 30, 2016. In order to meet future cash needs we may, from time to time, borrow under our existing senior secured credit facility. We will continue to evaluate the best use of our operating cash flow among capital expenditures and debt reduction. 
 Overview 
 The following tables present summarized financial information management believes is helpful in evaluating our liquidity and capital resources (in thousands): 

Cash Flows   Operating Activities 
 Net cash flows provided by operating activities were $3.5 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $10.1 million for the same period in 2015. This was primarily due to the timing of payments due to/from Nexstar in the amount of $5.5 million. 
 Cash Flows   Investing Activities 
 Net cash flows used in investing activities increased by $0.2 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the same period in 2015. In March 2015, our purchase agreement to acquire two stations from  Stainless Broadcasting, L.P. was terminated  and we received a refund for our deposit of $0.2 million .   
 Cash Flows   Financing Activities 
 Net cash flows used in financing activities decreased by $4.8 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the same period in 2015. In 2016, we repaid the scheduled principal maturity under our term loan of $1.7 million and paid financing costs of $0.3 million. In 2015, we repaid the outstanding principal balance under our revolving credit facility of $5.5 million and scheduled principal maturity under our term loan of $1.4 million. 
 Our senior secured credit facility restricts but does not prohibit the payment of cash dividends to our shareholders. 
 18 
 
    Future Sources of Financing and Debt Service Requirements  
 As of September 30, 2016, we had total debt of $224.2 million which represented 113.8% of our total capitalization. Our high level of debt requires that a substantial portion of cash flow be dedicated to pay principal and interest on our debt, which reduces the funds available for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes. 
 The total amount of borrowings available to us under the revolving loan commitment of our senior credit facility is based on covenant calculations contained in Nexstar s credit agreement. As of September 30, 2016, we have $8.0 million unused revolving loan commitment under our senior secured credit facility. Pursuant to the terms of our and Nexstar s amended credit agreements, we may reallocate any of our unused revolving loan commitments to Nexstar and Nexstar may also reallocate certain of its unused revolving loan commitments to us. 
 On January 27, 2016, Nexstar Broadcasting Group, Inc. entered into a definitive merger agreement with Media General whereby Nexstar Broadcasting Group, Inc. will acquire Media General s outstanding equity. In connection with this transaction, Nexstar Broadcasting Group, Inc. has received commitment from a group of commercial banks in the form of credit facilities and notes to provide the debt financing to consummate the merger and refinance certain existing indebtedness of Nexstar, Media General and certain of their variable interest entities. The refinancing will include our senior secured credit. 
 On July 27, 2016, Nexstar Escrow completed the issuance and sale of $900.0 million of 5.625% Notes. These notes will mature on August 1, 2024 and interest is payable semiannually in arrears on February 1 and August 1 of each year beginning on February 1, 2017.  The proceeds of the 5.625% Notes, which were deposited into a segregated escrow account, are expected to be used by Nexstar to partially finance the Media General merger, to refinance certain existing indebtedness of Nexstar and Media General, to pay related fees and expenses and for general corporate purposes. The 5.625% Notes are currently not guaranteed but are secured by a first-priority security interest in the escrow account and all deposits and investment property therein. Following the consummation of the merger and the debt refinancing, which is expected to occur in the fourth quarter of 2016, the 5.625% Notes will be guaranteed by Mission and Nexstar and certain of their future wholly-owned subsidiaries, subject to certain customary release provisions.  The 5.625% Notes will be junior to our senior secured credit to the extent of the value of the assets securing such debt.  
 The following table summarizes the approximate aggregate amount of principal indebtedness scheduled to mature for the periods referenced as of September 30, 2016 (in thousands): 

Interest payments on our senior secured credit facility are generally paid every one to three months and are payable based on the type of interest rate selected. 
 The terms of our senior secured credit facility limit, but do not prohibit, us from incurring substantial amounts of additional debt in the future. 
 We do not have any rating downgrade triggers that would accelerate the maturity dates of our debt. However, a downgrade in our credit rating could adversely affect our ability to renew existing or obtain access to new credit facilities in the future and could increase the cost of such facilities. 
 Effective on January 1, 2016, the SSAs were amended to increase the monthly fees paid to Nexstar by $0.7 million. 
   
 19 
 
    Collateralization and Guarantees of Debt  
 Nexstar Broadcasting Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries guarantee full payment of all obligations under our senior secured credit facility in the event of our default. Similarly, we are a guarantor of Nexstar s senior secured credit facility and the 6.875% Notes and the 6.125% Notes issued by Nexstar. The senior secured credit facilities are collateralized by a security interest in substantially all the combined assets, excluding FCC licenses, of Nexstar and us. As of September 30, 2016, Nexstar had a maximum commitment of $487.0 million under its senior secured credit facility, of which $392.0 million of debt was outstanding, had $520.5 million of the 6.875% Notes outstanding and had $272.5 million of the 6.125% Notes outstanding. 
 On January 27, 2016, Nexstar Broadcasting Group, Inc. entered into a definitive merger agreement with Media General whereby Nexstar Broadcasting Group, Inc. will acquire Media General s outstanding equity. In connection with this transaction, Nexstar Broadcasting Group, Inc. has received commitment from a group of commercial banks in the form of credit facilities and notes to provide the debt financing to consummate the merger and refinance certain existing indebtedness of Nexstar, Media General and certain of their variable interest entities. The refinancing will include our senior secured credit. 
 On July 27, 2016, Nexstar Escrow completed the issuance and sale of $900.0 million of 5.625% Notes. These notes will mature on August 1, 2024 and interest is payable semiannually in arrears on February 1 and August 1 of each year beginning on February 1, 2017.  The proceeds of the 5.625% Notes, which were deposited into a segregated escrow account, are expected to be used by Nexstar to partially finance the Media General merger, to refinance certain existing indebtedness of Nexstar and Media General, to pay related fees and expenses and for general corporate purposes. The 5.625% Notes are currently not guaranteed but are secured by a first-priority security interest in the escrow account and all deposits and investment property therein. Following the consummation of the merger and the debt refinancing, which is expected to occur in the fourth quarter of 2016, the 5.625% Notes will be guaranteed by Mission and Nexstar and certain of their future wholly-owned subsidiaries, subject to certain customary release provisions.  The 5.625% Notes will be junior to our senior secured credit facility to the extent of the value of the assets securing such debt.  
 Debt Covenants 
 Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent on Nexstar s pledge to continue the local service agreements described in a letter of support dated March 25, 2016. Our senior secured credit facility agreement does not contain financial covenant ratio requirements; however, it does include an event of default if Nexstar does not comply with all covenants contained in its credit agreement. Nexstar s senior secured credit facility agreement contains covenants which require Nexstar to comply with certain financial ratios, including (a) a maximum consolidated total net leverage ratio, (b) a maximum consolidated first lien net leverage ratio, and (c) a minimum consolidated fixed charge coverage ratio. The covenants, which are calculated on a quarterly basis, include the combined results of Nexstar and us. As of September 30, 2016, Nexstar has informed us that it was in compliance with all covenants contained in its credit agreement and the indentures governing its senior unsecured notes. 
 No Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 As of September 30, 2016, we did not have any relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, such as entities often referred to as structured finance or variable interest entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes. We are, therefore, not materially exposed to any financing, liquidity, market or credit risk that could arise if we had engaged in such relationships. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Our Condensed Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP, which requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the Condensed Financial Statements and reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the period. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates, including those related to goodwill and intangible assets, bad debts, broadcast rights, trade and barter, income taxes, commitments and contingencies. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from those estimates. Results of operations for interim periods are not necessarily indicative of results for the full year. 
 Information with respect to our critical accounting policies which we believe could have the most significant effect on our reported results and require subjective or complex judgments by management is contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. Management believes that as of September 30, 2016, there have been no material changes to this information. 
 20 
 
    Recent Accounting Pronouncements  
 Refer to Note 2 of our Condensed Financial Statements in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for a discussion of our adoption of recently issued accounting pronouncements, including our expected date of adoption and effects on results of operations and financial position. 
 Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. All statements other than statements of historical fact are  forward-looking statements  for purposes of federal and state securities laws, including: any projections or expectations of earnings, revenue, financial performance, liquidity and capital resources or other financial items; any assumptions or projections about the television broadcasting industry; any statements of our plans, strategies and objectives for our future operations, performance, liquidity and capital resources or other financial items; any statements concerning proposed new products, services or developments; any statements regarding future economic conditions or performance; any statements of belief; and any statements of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. Forward-looking statements may include the words  may,   will,   should,   could,   would,   predicts,   potential,   continue,   expects,   anticipates,   future,   intends,   plans,   believes,   estimates  and other similar words. 
 Although we believe that the expectations reflected in any of our forward-looking statements are reasonable, actual results could differ from a projection or assumption in any of our forward-looking statements. Our future financial position and results of operations, as well as any forward-looking statements, are subject to change and inherent risks and uncertainties, including those described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and in our other filings with the SEC. The forward-looking statements made in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are made only as of the date hereof, and we do not have or undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances unless otherwise required by law. 

ITEM 3.   
 
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk    

 Interest Rate Risk 
 Our exposure to market risk for changes in interest rates relates primarily to our long-term debt obligations. 
 Our term loan borrowings under our senior secured credit facility bear interest at a rate of 3.8% as of September 30, 2016, which represented the base rate, or LIBOR, plus the applicable margin, as defined. Our revolving loans bear interest at LIBOR plus the applicable margin, which totaled 2.5% at September 30, 2016. Interest is payable in accordance with the credit agreement. 
 If LIBOR were to increase by 100 basis points, or one percentage point, from its September 30, 2016 level, our annual interest expense would increase and cash flow from operations would decrease by approximately $1.2 million, based on the outstanding balance of our credit facility as of September 30, 2016. Due to the LIBOR floor on our term loan, an increase of 50 basis points in LIBOR would increase our annual interest expense and decrease our cash flow from operations by approximately $0.1 million. Any decrease in LIBOR would not have an impact on our operations or cash flows. As of September 30, 2016, we have no financial instruments in place to hedge against changes in the benchmark interest rates on our senior secured credit facility. 
 Impact of Inflation 
 We believe that our results of operations are not affected by moderate changes in the inflation rate.    

21 

ITEM 4.   
 
                Controls an  d Procedures     

 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Mission s management, with the participation of Mission s President and Treasurer (who is Mission s principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer), conducted an evaluation as of the end of the period covered by this report of the effectiveness of the design and operation of Mission s disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 Based upon that evaluation, Mission s President and Treasurer concluded that as of the end of the period covered by this report, Mission s disclosure controls and procedures were effective, at a reasonable assurance level, to ensure that information required to be disclosed by Mission in the reports it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (i) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and (ii) is accumulated and communicated to Mission s management, including its President and Treasurer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 As of the quarter ended September 30, 2016, there have been no changes in Mission s internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, its internal control over financial reporting.    

22 
 
    PART II. OT  HER INFORMATION  

ITEM 1.   
 
      Legal Proceedings    

 From time to time, we are involved in litigation that arises from the ordinary operations of business, such as contractual or employment disputes or other general actions. In the event of an adverse outcome of these proceedings, we believe the resulting liabilities would not have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. 

ITEM 1A.   
 
      Risk Factors    

 There are no material changes from the risk factors previously disclosed in Part I, Item 1A in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

ITEM 2.   
 
      Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds    

 None. 

ITEM 3.   
 
    Defa  ults Upon Senior Securities    

 None. 

ITEM 4.   
 
     Mine Safety Disclosures    

 None. 

ITEM 5.   
 
      Other Information    

 None. 
   
 23 

ITEM  6.   
 
          Ex  hibits      

24 

Exhibit No.    

Description  

10.15  

Amendment to Shared Services Agreement, dated as of January 1, 2016, by and between Mission Broadcasting, Inc.  
  and Nexstar Broadcasting of the Midwest, Inc. (WVNY) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2016 (File No. 333-62916-02) filed by Mission Broadc  asting, Inc.)   

10.16  

Amendment to Time Brokerage Agreement, dated as of August 2, 2016, by and between Mission Broadcasting, Inc. and Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. (WFXP)*  

31.1  

Certification of Dennis Thatcher pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.*  

32.1  

Certification of Dennis Thatcher pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss. 1350.*  

101  

The Company s unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and related Notes for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 from this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language).*  

*   
 
 Filed herewith     

25 
 
    SIGNATURES   
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.  

MISSION BROADCASTING, INC.  

/s/  Dennis Thatcher    

By:  
 
 Dennis Thatcher  

Its:  
 
 President and Treasurer  

(Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)    

Dated: November 14, 2016  

<EX-10.16>
 2
 mbcc-ex1016_297.htm
 EX-10.16

mbcc-ex1016_297.htm

Exhibit 10.16  
   
  SECOND AMENDMENT TO TIME BROKERAGE AGREEMENT  
   
 This Second Amendment to Time Brokerage Agreement, dated as of August 2, 2016, is by and between Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. ( Nexstar ) and Mission Broadcasting, Inc. ( Mission ). 
   
  WHEREAS , SJL Communications, L.P. ( SJL ) and NV Acquisition Co. ( NV ) entered into a Time Brokerage Agreement dated as of April 1, 1996 (the  TBA ) whereby SJL agreed to purchase from NV, and NV agreed to sell to SJL, one hundred and sixty-two (162) hours per week of broadcast time on television broadcast station WFXP, Erie, Pennsylvania subject to the terms and conditions of the TBA; 
   
  WHEREAS , the TBA was amended on April 30, 1996, August 16, 1996, July 31, 1998, and July 17, 2006 and all references herein to the TBA refer to the TBA as amended by those amendments, as appropriate; 
   
  WHEREAS , SJL assigned its interest in and obligations under the TBA (the  Broker Interest ) to SJL of California, L.P., which assigned the Broker Interest to SJL of Pennsylvania, Inc., which further assigned the Broker Interest to Nexstar Broadcasting of Erie, L.P., which assigned the Broker Interest to Nexstar Broadcasting of Erie, L.L.C., which ultimately assigned the Broker Interest to Nexstar; 
   
  WHEREAS , pursuant to a Purchase Agreement dated as of July 31, 1998 by and between NV and Bastet Broadcasting, Inc. ( Bastet ), effective November 30, 1998, NV sold the assets of WFXP, including its interest in and obligations under the TBA, to Bastet; 
   
  WHEREAS , pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger, on September 30, 2002, Bastet merged with and into Mission, with Mission as the surviving company; 
   
  WHEREAS , the Term of the TBA currently will expire on August 16, 2016 and the parties desire to extend the TBA beyond such date; and 
   
 WHEREAS , Nexstar and Mission now desire to further amend the TBA on the terms set forth herein;  
   
  NOW THEREFORE , for good and valuable consideration, the sufficiency of which the parties hereby acknowledge, the parties hereto agree as follows: 
   
 1.  Paragraph 1.2 of the TBA ( Term ) is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following:   Term .  Unless earlier terminated in accordance with the express provisions of this Agreement, this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect until August 16, 2026.  In addition, Time Broker shall have the option to further extend this Agreement until August 16, 2036 by providing written notice to Licensee at any time prior to August 1, 2026.  

2.    The TBA, as   so   amended, is and shall continue to be, in full force and effect and is hereby ratified and confirmed in all respects.  
   
 3.  This Amendment may be executed in counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement and shall be binding upon all parties, their successors and assigns. 
   
  IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties have executed this Amendment to Time Brokerage Agreement as of the date first written above. 

NEXSTAR BROADCASTING, INC. 

By:  /s/ Elizabeth Ryder     
   Elizabeth Ryder  
   Senior Vice President   General Counsel 

MISSION BROADCASTING, INC. 

By:  /s/ Dennis Thatcher   
   Dennis Thatcher 
   President 
     
  - 2 -   

</EX-10.16>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 mbcc-ex311_7.htm
 EX-31.1

mbcc-ex311_7.htm

Exhibit 31.1   
 CERTIFICATION  
 I,  Dennis Thatcher  certify that:  
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Mission Broadcasting, Inc.;  
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
 4. I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))  and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))  for the registrant and I have:  

(a)   
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to me by others, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;     

(b)   
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;     

(c)   
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and     

(d)   
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and     

 5. I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  

(a)   
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and     

(b)   
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.     

 Dated: November 14, 2016 

By:  

/s/  DENNIS THATCHER   

Dennis Thatcher  
 President and Treasurer    
 (Principal Executive Officer and 
 Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 mbcc-ex321_6.htm
 EX-32.1

mbcc-ex321_6.htm

Exhibit 32.1   
 CERTIFICATION  
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of Mission Broadcasting, Inc. (the  Company ), hereby certifies that the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three months ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.  

Dated: November 14, 2016  

/s/ DENNIS THATCHER  

Dennis Thatcher  

President and Treasurer 
 (Principal Executive Officer and 
 Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  

The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or otherwise subject to the liability of that section. The foregoing certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 mbcc-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 mbcc-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 mbcc-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 mbcc-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 mbcc-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 mbcc-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

