<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161122_10-K_edgar_data_831641_0001047469-16-016906_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>13955766</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>475808</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>612832</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3423007</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5909100</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3033791</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>64</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001047469-16-016906.hdr.sgml : 20161122
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161122125345
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001047469-16-016906
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		103
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20161002
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161122
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161122

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TETRA TECH INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000831641
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-ENGINEERING SERVICES [8711]
		IRS NUMBER:				954148514
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0928

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-19655
		FILM NUMBER:		162012425

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3475 EAST FOOTHILL BOULEVARD
		CITY:			PASADENA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91107
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6263514664

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3475 EAST FOOTHILL BOULEVARD
		CITY:			PASADENA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91107

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001047469-16-016906.txt : 20161122

10-K
 1
 a2230290z10-k.htm
 10-K

Use these links to rapidly review the document 
   TABLE OF CONTENTS   
   Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data   

Table of Contents    

   UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION       Washington, D.C. 20549     

FORM 10-K     

(Mark One)   

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE 
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

For the Fiscal Year Ended October 2, 2016   

or   

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

For the Transition Period from                            to

Commission File Number 0-19655     

TETRA TECH, INC.      (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)   

Delaware    
(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization)  
     
    95-4148514    
(I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.)  

3475 East Foothill Boulevard, Pasadena, California 91107     (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)  

(626) 351-4664     (Registrant's telephone number, including area code)  

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:  

Common Stock, $.01 par value     (Title of class)  
      
     The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC     (Name of exchange)  

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:   

   None     

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.
Yes     No       

  Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.
Yes     No       

  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past
90 days. Yes     No       

  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and
posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to
submit and post such files). Yes     No       

  Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K ( 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein,
and will not be contained, to the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment
to this Form 10-K.       

  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of
"large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer" and "smaller reporting company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.    Large accelerated filer
       Accelerated filer        Non-accelerated filer (Do not check if a smaller reporting
company)        Smaller reporting company       

  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes    
No       

  The aggregate market value of the registrant's common stock held by non-affiliates on March 24, 2016, was $1.4 billion (based upon the closing price of a share of
registrant's common stock as reported by the Nasdaq National Market on that date).   

  On
November 7, 2016, 57,060,803 shares of the registrant's common stock were outstanding.   

   DOCUMENT INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE     

  Portions of registrant's Proxy Statement for its 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders are incorporated by reference in Part III of this report where indicated.   

Table of Contents    

TABLE OF CONTENTS       

Page    

PART I   

Item 1   
     
        Business   

4   

General   
     
    4   

Mission   
     
    5   

The Tetra Tech Strategy   
     
    5   

Reportable Segments   
     
    6   

Water, Environment   Infrastructure   
     
    7   

Resource Management   Energy   
     
    8   

Remediation and Construction Management   
     
    10   

Project Examples   
     
    10   

Clients   
     
    13   

Contracts   
     
    13   

Marketing and Business Development   
     
    15   

Sustainability Program   
     
    15   

Acquisitions and Divestitures   
     
    16   

Competition   
     
    17   

Backlog   
     
    17   

Regulations   
     
    18   

Seasonality   
     
    19   

Potential Liability and Insurance   
     
    19   

Employees   
     
    19   

Executive Officers of the Registrant   
     
    20   

Item 1A   
     
        Risk Factors   
     
    22   

Item 1B   
     
        Unresolved Staff Comments   
     
    45   

Item 2   
     
        Properties   
     
    45   

Item 3   
     
        Legal Proceedings   
     
    45   

Item 4   
     
        Mine Safety Disclosures   
     
    45   

PART II   

Item 5   
     
        Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and
Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities   

46   

Item 6   
     
        Selected Financial Data   
     
    48   

Item 7   
     
        Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations   
     
    48   

Item 7A   
     
        Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   
     
    72   

Item 8   
     
        Financial Statements and Supplementary Data   
     
    74   

Item 9   
     
        Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial
Disclosure   
     
    124   

Item 9A   
     
        Controls and Procedures   
     
    124   

Item 9B   
     
        Other Information   
     
    125   

PART III   

Item 10   
     
        Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance   

125   

Item 11   
     
        Executive Compensation   
     
    125   

2  

Table of Contents   

Page    

Item 12   
     
        Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder
Matters   
     
    125   

Item 13   
     
        Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence   
     
    126   

Item 14   
     
        Principal Accounting Fees and Services   
     
    126   

PART IV   

Item 15   
     
        Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules   

126   

Signatures   
     
    128   

Index to Exhibits   
     
    130   

3  

Table of Contents    

                   This Annual Report on Form 10-K ("Report"), including the "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results
of Operations," contains forward-looking statements regarding future events and our future results that are subject to the safe harbors created under the Securities Act of 1933 (the "Securities Act")
and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act"). All statements other than statements of historical facts are statements that could be deemed forward-looking statements. These statements
are based on current expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections about the industries in which we operate and the beliefs and assumptions of our management. Words such as "expects,"
"anticipates," "targets," "goals," "projects," "intends," "plans," "believes," "estimates," "seeks," "continues," "may," variations of such words, and similar expressions are intended to identify such
forward-looking statements. In addition, statements that refer to projections of our future financial performance, our anticipated growth and trends in our businesses, and other characterizations of
future events or circumstances are forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned that these forward-looking
statements are only predictions and are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict, including those identified below under "Risk Factors," and elsewhere herein.
Therefore, actual results may differ materially and adversely from those expressed in any forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking
statements for any reason.   

PART I            

Item 1.    Business          

General            

                Tetra Tech, Inc. is a leading provider of consulting and engineering services that focuses on water, environment, infrastructure,
resource management, energy, and international development. We are a global company that is renowned for our expertise in providing water-related services for public and private clients. We typically
begin at the earliest stage of a project by identifying technical solutions and developing execution plans tailored to our clients' needs and resources. Our solutions may span the entire life cycle of
consulting and engineering projects and include applied science, data analysis, research, engineering, design, construction management, and operations and maintenance.   

                Engineering
News-Record ("ENR"), the leading trade journal for our industry, has ranked us the number one water services firm for the past 13 years, most recently in its May 2016
"Top 500 Design Firms" issue. In 2016, Tetra Tech was also ranked number one in water treatment/desalination, water treatment and supply, environmental management, dams and reservoirs, solid waste,
and wind power. ENR ranks Tetra Tech among the largest 10 firms in numerous other service lines, including engineering/design, environmental science, chemical and soil remediation, site assessment and
compliance, and hazardous waste.   

                Our
reputation for high-end consulting and engineering services and our ability to apply our skills to develop solutions for water and environmental management has supported our growth
over 50 years since the founding of our predecessor company. By combining ingenuity and practical experience, we have helped to advance solutions for managing water, protecting the environment,
providing energy, and engineering the infrastructure for our cities and communities. Today, we are working on projects worldwide, and currently have approximately 16,000 staff, and over 400 offices.   

  4  

Table of Contents   

Mission            

                Our mission is to be the premier worldwide consulting and engineering firm, focusing on water, environment, infrastructure, resource
management, energy, and international development services. The following core principles form the underpinning of how we work together to serve our clients:   

Service.     We put our clients first. We listen closely to better understand
our clients' needs and deliver smart, cost-effective solutions that meet their needs.     
             Value.     We solve our clients' problems as if they were our own. We develop
and implement real-world solutions that are innovative, efficient and practical.     
             Excellence.     We bring superior technical capability, disciplined project
management, and excellence in safety and quality to all of our services.     
             Opportunity.     Our people are our number one asset. Opportunity means new
technical challenges that provide advancement within our company, encouraging a diverse workforce, and ensuring a safe workplace.    

The Tetra Tech Strategy            

                To continue our successful growth and our competitive position in the markets we serve, we have implemented the following strategy that is
integral to our future success. Our approach is to lead with science and provide high-end solutions that are differentiated and of long-lasting sustainable benefit to our clients. Our approach
encompasses five key aspects of differentiation:   

                  Technical Differentiation.       Since our inception, we have provided innovative consulting and
engineering services, with a focus on providing
cost-effective solutions for all aspects of water resource management. Adoption of emerging science and technology in the development of high-end consulting and engineering solutions is central to our
approach to "lead with science" in the delivery of our services.   

Relationships and Trust.       We have achieved a broad client and contract base by understanding our
clients' priorities and demonstrating a long track
record of successful performance that results in repeat business and limits competition. We believe that proximity to our clients is also instrumental to integrating global experience and resources
with an understanding of our local clients' needs. Over the past year, we worked in over 100 countries, helping government and private sector clients address complex water, environment, energy and
related infrastructure needs.   

Institutional Knowledge.       Over our history, we have supported both public and private clients, many
for multiple decades of continuous contracts and
repeat business. Long-term relationships provide us with institutional knowledge of our clients' programs, past projects and internal resources. Institutional knowledge is often a significant factor
in providing competitive proposals and cost-effective solutions tailored to our clients' needs.   

                  One-of-a-Kind Solutions.       We are often at the leading edge of new challenges where we are providing
one-of-a-kind solutions. These might be a new
water reuse technology, a unique solution to addressing new regulatory requirements, a new monitoring approach for assessing infrastructure assets or a computer model for real time management of water
resources. We are constantly evolving our intellectual property, including a wide range of computer models, algorithms, analytical software, and environmental treatment approaches and instrumentation,
often in collaboration with our forward-thinking clients. Bringing our one-of-a-kind solutions to real world problems is a differentiator in expanding our services and growing our business.   

  5  

Table of Contents   

                  Smart Solutions and Innovation.       Smart solutions often require taking the same pieces of the puzzle
and putting them together in a different way for
a better outcome. Complex projects for the public and private sectors, at the leading edge of policy and technology development, often require innovative solutions that combine multiple aspects of our
interdisciplinary capabilities, technical resources and institutional knowledge.   

Our
strategy leverages our five differentiators to drive growth in our existing water, environment, infrastructure, resource management, energy, and international development markets.
We are focused on continuing to expand our leadership position with long-term clients, while also investing in emerging growth areas. Our differentiated capabilities provide us a competitive advantage
to address new opportunities in the marketplace and apply new technologies to the fastest growing areas of our business.   

                To
support our growth plans, we actively attract, recruit and retain key hires. Our combination of high-end science and consulting with practical applications provides challenging and
rewarding opportunities for our employees, thereby enhancing our ability to recruit and retain top quality talent. Our internal networking programs, leadership training, entrepreneurial environment,
focus on technical excellence, and global project portfolio help to attract and retain highly qualified individuals.   

                We
also maintain a strong emphasis on project management at all levels of the organization. Our client-focused project management is supported by strong fiscal management and financial
tools. We take a disciplined approach to monitoring, managing and improving our return on investment in each of our business areas through our efforts to negotiate appropriate contract terms, manage
our contract performance to minimize schedule delays and cost overruns, and promptly bill and collect accounts receivable.   

Our
strategic growth plans are augmented by our selective investment in acquisitions aligned with our business. Acquisitions enhance plans to broaden our service offerings, add contract
capacity and extend our geographic presence. Our experience with acquisitions strengthens our ability to integrate and rapidly leverage the resources of the acquired companies post-acquisition.   

Reportable Segments            

                In fiscal 2016, we managed our continuing operations under two reportable segments. We report our water resources, water and wastewater
treatment, environment, and infrastructure engineering activities in the Water, Environment and Infrastructure ("WEI") reportable segment. Our Resource Management and Energy ("RME") reportable segment
includes our oil and gas, energy, international development, waste management, remediation, and utilities services. In addition, we report the results of the wind-down of our non-core construction
activities in the Remediation and Construction Management ("RCM") reportable segment. The following table presents the percentage of our revenue by reportable segment:   

For
additional information regarding our reportable segments, see Note 19, "Reportable Segments" of the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" included in Item 8.
For more information   

  6  

Table of Contents   

  on
risks related to our business, segments and geographic regions, including risks related to foreign operations, see Item 1A, "Risk Factors" of this report.   

Water, Environment and Infrastructure            

                WEI provides consulting and engineering services worldwide for a broad range of water, environment, and infrastructure-related needs in both
developed and emerging economies. WEI supports both public and private clients including federal, state/provincial and local governments, and commercial clients. The primary WEI markets include water
resources analysis and water management, environmental monitoring, data analytics, government consulting, and a broad range of civil infrastructure master planning and engineering design for
facilities, transportation, and local development projects. WEI's services span from early data collection and monitoring, to data analysis and information technology, to science and engineering
applied research, to engineering design, to construction management, and operations and maintenance.   

                WEI
provides our clients with sustainable solutions that optimize their water management and environmental programs to address regulatory requirements, improve operational efficiencies,
manage assets, and promote corporate responsibility. Our services advance sustainability through the "greening" of infrastructure, design of energy efficiency and resource conservation programs,
innovation in the capture and sequestration of carbon, formulation of emergency preparedness and response plans, and improvement in water and land resource management practices. We provide climate
change and energy management consulting, and greenhouse gas inventory assessment, certification, reduction, and management services.   

                Many
government and commercial organizations face complex problems due to increased demand and competition for water and natural resources, newly understood threats to human health and
the environment, aging infrastructure, and demand for new and more resilient infrastructure in emerging economies. Our integrated water management services support government agencies responsible for
managing water supplies, wastewater treatment, storm water management, and flood protection. These services also support private sector clients that require water supply and treatment for industrial
processes. We help our clients develop water supplies and manage water resources, while addressing a wide range of local and national government requirements and policies. Fluctuations in weather
patterns and extreme events, such as prolonged droughts and more frequent flooding, are increasing concerns over the reliability of water supplies, the need to protect coastal areas, and flood
mitigation and adaptation in metropolitan areas.   

                Examples
of our services include the following:  

Providing high-end water analysis services world-wide, including master planning; data analytics, modeling of surface and groundwater behavior,
particularly in the areas of water resources, watershed management, and climate adaptation analysis; drought mitigation and water supply development; and flood mitigation and management.    
            Supporting innovative software and system design services for a wide range of water resource, environmental and infrastructure data management
needs, including informational technology systems, portals, dashboards, data management, data analytics, and statistical analysis.   
            Providing smart water infrastructure solutions that integrate water modeling, instrumentation and controls, and real-time controls to create
flexible water systems that respond to changing conditions, optimize use of infrastructure, and provide clients with the ability to more efficiently monitor and manage their water infrastructure.    
 
  7  

Table of Contents   

Providing consulting and engineering design services that are applied to numerous aspects of water quality and quantity management, including
major water and wastewater treatment plants, combined sewer storage and separation, water reuse (indirect and potable reuse) programs, regional storm water management and green infrastructure design,
and drainage and flood control; supporting master planning, permitting, design, and construction of water-related redevelopment projects, and parks and river corridor restoration projects; and
providing water supply, water treatment, and water reuse services.   
            Providing comprehensive services for environmental planning, cleanup and reuse of sites contaminated with hazardous materials, toxic chemicals,
and oil and petroleum products, which cover all phases of the remedial planning process, starting with emergency response and initial site assessment through removal actions, remedial design and
implementation oversight; and supporting both commercial and government clients in planning and implementing remedial activities at numerous sites around the world, and providing a broad range of
environmental analysis and planning services.   
            Offering engineering design services for commercial clients; helping to renovate, upgrade, and modernize industrial water supplies, and address
water treatment and water reuse needs; and providing plant engineering, project execution, and program management services for industrial water treatment projects throughout the world.    
            Providing analytical, engineering, architecture, geotechnical, and construction management services for infrastructure projects, including
roadway monitoring and asset management services, collecting condition data, optimizing upgrades and long-term planning for expansion; providing multi-model design services for commuter railway
stations, airport expansions, bridges and major highways, and ports and harbors; and designing solutions to repair, replace, and upgrade older transportation infrastructure.    
            Providing infrastructure design services in extreme and remote areas by using specialized techniques that are adapted to local resources, while
minimizing environmental impacts, and considering potential climate change impacts. These include providing consulting, geotechnical, and design services to owners of transportation, natural
resources, energy and community infrastructure in the Arctic and areas of permafrost around the globe.   
            Providing planning, architectural, and engineering services for U.S. federal, state and local government, and commercial facilities and their
related infrastructure needs including military housing, and educational, institutional, corporate headquarters, healthcare, and research facilities; providing civil, electrical, mechanical,
structural, plumbing and fire protection engineering and design services for buildings and surrounding developments around the world; and providing engineering and construction management projects for
a wide range of clients with specialized needs, such as security systems, training and audiovisual facilities, clean rooms, laboratories, medical facilities and emergency preparedness facilities.    
            Providing technology systems to optimize the airspace system and related aviation systems integration for the U.S. and other countries. Our
aviation airspace services include data management, data processing, communications and outreach, and systems development; and providing systems analysis and information management.    

Resource Management and Energy            

                RME provides consulting and engineering services worldwide for a broad range of resource management and energy needs. RME supports both private
and public clients, including global industrial   

  8  

Table of Contents   

  and
commercial clients, major international development agencies, and U.S. federal agencies in large-scale remediation. The primary markets for RME's services include natural resources, energy,
international development, remediation, waste management, and utilities. RME's services span from early data collection and monitoring, to data analysis and information technology, to feasibility
studies and assessments, to science and engineering applied research, to engineering design, to construction management, and operations and maintenance. RME also supports engineering, procurement and
construction management ("EPCM") for full service implementation of commercial projects.   

                RME
supports our clients in addressing emerging policies, resource limitations and concern about climate change, including the design of energy conservation measures, retrofits to
existing structures, upgrades to energy transmission infrastructure, and the development of renewable energy resources. We also support governments in deploying international development programs for
developing nations to help them overcome numerous challenges, including access to potable water, agricultural programs, governance and infrastructure programs, education, and human health.   

                Examples
of our services include the following:  

Supporting oil and gas clients across North America, Australia, Papua New Guinea, and the Middle East in the upstream, midstream and downstream
market sectors. Our services include environmental permitting support, siting studies, strategic planning and analyses; design of well pads and surface impoundments for drilling sites; water
management for exploration activities; design of midstream pipelines and associated pumping stations and storage facilities; construction monitoring, design and construction management for downstream
sustaining capital projects; biological and cultural assessments, and site investigations; and hazardous waste site remediation.   
            Providing a full range of services to electric power utilities and independent power producers worldwide, ranging from macro-level planning and
management advisory services to project-specific environmental, engineering, construction management, and operational services, and advising on the design and implementation of a smart grid both in
the U.S. and internationally, including increasing utility automation, information and operational technologies, and critical infrastructure security. For utilities and governmental regulatory
agencies, services include policy and regulatory development, utility management, performance improvement, asset management and evaluation, and transaction support services. For developers and owners
of renewable energy resources such as solar grid and off-grid, on-shore and off-shore wind, biogas and biomass, tidal, and hydropower, and conventional power generation facilities, as well as
transmission and distribution assets, services include environmental, engineering, procurement, operations and maintenance, and regulatory support for all project phases.    
            Providing international development services to many donor agencies to develop safe and reliable water supplies and sanitation services,
support the eradication of poverty, improve livelihoods, promote democracy and increase economic growth; planning, designing, implementing, researching, and monitoring projects in the areas of climate
change, agriculture and rural development, governance and institutional development, natural resources and the environment, infrastructure, economic growth, energy, rule of law and justice systems,
land tenure and property rights, and training and consulting for public-private partnerships; and building capacity and strengthening institutions in areas such as global health, energy sector reform,
utility management, education, food security, and local governance.   
            Offering a wide range of consulting and engineering services for solid waste management, including landfill design and management, throughout
the United States and Canada; providing design, construction management, and maintenance services to manage solid and hazardous    
 
  9  

Table of Contents   

waste,
for environmental, wastewater, energy, oil and gas containment, mining, utilities, aquaculture, and other industrial clients; designing and installing geosynthetic liners for large lining and
capping
projects, as well as innovative renewable energy projects such as solar energy-generating landfill caps; and providing full-service solutions for gas-to-energy facilities to efficiently use landfill
methane gas.   

Providing environmental remediation and reconstruction services to evaluate and restore lands to beneficial use, including the identification,
evaluation and destruction of unexploded ordinance, both domestically and internationally; investigating, remediating, and restoring contaminated facilities at military locations in the U.S. and
around the world; managing large, complex sediment remediation programs that help restore rivers and coastal waters to beneficial use; constructing state-of-the-art water treatment plants for
commercial clients; and supporting utilities in the U.S. in implementing infrastructure needs, including broadband, wired utilities, and natural gas distribution systems.    

Remediation and Construction Management            

                We report the results of the wind-down of our non-core construction activities in the RCM reportable segment. The remaining work to be
performed in this segment will be substantially completed in fiscal 2017.   

Project Examples     

                The following table presents brief examples of projects in our ongoing operations during fiscal 2016:   

Segment    
     
   Representative Projects    

WEI   

For the U.S.
Environmental Protection Agency ("EPA") Office of Water and Office of Science and Technology, providing analysis of waterways in the U.S. and technical analysis of emerging monitoring and analytical techniques.  

For the District of
Columbia Department of the Environment, providing consulting and environmental analysis for the assessment and cleanup of contaminated sediments in a 12-mile portion of the Anacostia River and sites located within its watershed.  

Providing emergency
management and planning services for multiple state and local agencies, especially in coastal regions, such as response and recovery from wildfires in California, flooding in the Gulf Coast and West Virginia, and Hurricane Matthew along the U.S.
Atlantic coast, and continued infrastructure recovery services following Superstorm Sandy in New York and New Jersey.  

Providing EPA
Superfund Technical Assessment and Response Team program support with emergency preparedness, environmental response, removal action, site assessment, community involvement, and other Superfund technical services at locations in 23
states.  

For the Montana
Department of Environmental Quality at the Carpenter-Snow Creek Mining District Superfund site, providing services including investigation, risk assessment, engineering study, design, cleanup oversight, and long-term monitoring services for an area
that includes 70 abandoned mines and associated impacted lands.  

10  

Table of Contents   

Segment    
     
   Representative Projects    

Providing EPA climate
change program support for implementing voluntary domestic and international programs to reduce emissions of methane (a significant greenhouse gas) from landfills, oil and gas operations, livestock farms, and wastewater treatment plants.  

Providing smart water
infrastructure solutions for stormwater capture and water quality management for municipalities in Los Angeles and San Diego, California.  

Providing smart water
solutions using real time control systems to reduce overflows, maximize use of retention in the system, and improve operational efficiency in cities in the U.S., Canada, and France.  

Providing engineering
services to the City of Clearwater, Florida for the design of the first potable water reuse project in Florida, using a combination of innovative groundwater recharge and treatment.  

Providing program
management for the City of Detroit for the broad implementation of community-based stormwater management and green infrastructure, effectively combining city revitalization initiatives and reduction of overflows.  

Providing master
planning services to Miami-Dade County, Florida in smart, energy efficient and resilient water infrastructure solutions for the most populous county in Florida.  

Providing
transportation planning, data collection and design services for the Province of Alberta, Canada, with specialized expertise in arctic region infrastructure.  

Providing energy
efficient, "net zero" project development and asset management services for the U.S. military, including the Army, Navy and Air Force.  

Providing energy,
environmental assessment and studies to mitigate the impact of military operations on sensitive flora and fauna at U.S. bases, such as the endangered desert tortoise on a Marine Corps base.  

Providing master
planning and engineering design services to the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers ("USACE") on U.S. bases and in international facilities through multiple district and program specific contracts.  

RME   

For the U.S.
Department of Energy ("DOE")   National Energy Technology Laboratory and the Electric Power Institute, utilizing gravity/magnetics techniques and geostatistical modeling to predict the potential for coal basins to become viable sources for
rare earth elements.  

For the Brazilian
Samarco Mining Tailings Dam collapse, utilizing satellite images to assess dam breakage and perform virtual reality modeling.  

11  

Table of Contents   

Segment    
     
   Representative Projects    

For the U.S. Agency for
International Development ("USAID"), implementing projects in Africa, Asia, the Middle East, Latin America, and Eastern Europe including the USAID Power Africa program with technical and capacity building expertise to accelerate clean energy project
development; and for USAID and the government of Afghanistan, to empower women to increase gender diversity and engagement in civil society.  

For USAID, designing
and implementing climate change programs, including mitigation of global climate change impacts and strengthening of community resilience to withstand extreme weather events through programs in Southeast Asia, Latin America, and West
Africa.  

For the U.K.
Department for International Development, designing and implementing projects in Africa, Asia, and the Middle East.  

For the Australian
Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade, implementing a range of development projects in the Asia Pacific region.  

For DONG Energy,
providing constraints analyses, siting studies, marine geophysical surveys, submarine cable routing analyses, specialty marine impact studies, permitting services, biological and cultural resource surveys, construction compliance, and support for
U.S. east coast offshore energy projects.  

For multiple
oil   gas clients, providing engineering, detailed design, and construction monitoring for midstream pipeline companies; performing in-plant engineering and sustaining capital project work at downstream refineries; building a specialty
insulated pipeline for the transport of hot bitumen in Alberta, Canada; and preparing the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission environmental permitting for the Mountain Valley gas pipeline project.  

Using our proprietary
Solar Thermal Aerobic Recirculation Treatment system to implement enhanced remediation of contaminated groundwater at multiple Caltex sites in Australia.  

Designing the Puente
Hills Intermodel Facility for the Los Angeles County Sanitation Districts.  

Providing turn-key
design, construction, dredging, and treatment services on the Lower Fox River in Wisconsin.  

Treating water
discharge from a closed mine site through the design-build of a state-of-the-art water treatment plant.  

Working in the
Marcellus Shale Play to transform a depleted natural gas field into the only commercial underground saltwater disposal injection well facility in Pennsylvania.  

Preparing a third
party environmental impact statement for Clean Line Energy and the DOE for a 720-mile overhead 600 kilovolt high voltage direct current electric transmission line across Oklahoma, Arkansas, and Tennessee.  

12  

Table of Contents   

Clients            

                We provide services to a diverse base of international, U.S. commercial, U.S. federal, and U.S. state and local government clients. The
following table presents the percentage of our revenue by client sector:   

(1)     Includes
revenue generated from foreign operations, primarily in Canada and Australia, and revenue generated from non-U.S. clients.      (2)     Includes
revenue generated under U.S. federal government contracts performed outside the United States.    

U.S.
federal government agencies are significant clients. USAID accounted for 13.1%, 9.6% and 9.2% of our revenue in fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. The Department of Defense
("DoD") accounted for 8.2%, 10.4%, and 11.7% of our revenue in fiscal 2016, 2015, and 2014, respectively. We typically support multiple programs within a single U.S. federal government agency, both
domestically and internationally. We also assist U.S. state and local government clients in a variety of jurisdictions across the United States. In Canada, we work for several provinces and a variety
of local jurisdictions. Our commercial clients include companies in the chemical, energy, mining, pharmaceutical, retail, aerospace, automotive, petroleum, and communications industries. No single
client, except for U.S. federal government clients, accounted for more than 10% of our revenue in fiscal 2016.   

Contracts            

                Our services are performed under three principal types of contracts with our clients: fixed-price, time-and-materials, and cost-plus. The
following table presents the percentage of our revenue by contract type:   

Under
a fixed-price contract, the client agrees to pay a specified price for our performance of the entire contract or a specified portion of the contract. Some fixed-price contracts
can include date-certain and/or performance obligations. Fixed-price contracts carry certain inherent risks, including risks of losses from underestimating costs, delays in project completion,
problems with new technologies, price increases for materials, and economic and other changes that may occur over the contract period. Consequently, the profitability of fixed-price contracts may vary
substantially. Under our time-and-materials contracts, we are paid for labor at negotiated hourly billing rates and also paid for other expenses. Profitability on these contracts is driven by billable
headcount and cost control. Many of our time-and-materials contracts are subject to maximum contract values and, accordingly, revenue related to these contracts is recognized as if   

  13  

Table of Contents   

  these
contracts were fixed-price contracts. Under our cost-plus contracts, some of which are subject to a contract ceiling amount, we are reimbursed for allowable costs and fees, which may be fixed or
performance-based. If our costs exceed the contract ceiling or are not allowable, we may not be able to obtain full reimbursement. Further, the amount of the fee received for a cost-plus award fee
contract partially depends upon the client's discretionary periodic assessment of our performance on that contract.   

                Some
contracts with the U.S. federal government are subject to annual funding approval. U.S. federal government agencies may impose spending restrictions that limit the continued
funding of our existing contracts and may limit our ability to obtain additional contracts. These limitations, if significant, could have a material adverse effect on us. All contracts with the U.S.
federal government may be terminated by the government at any time, with or without cause.   

U.S.
federal government agencies have formal policies against continuing or awarding contracts that would create actual or potential conflicts of interest with other activities of a
contractor. These policies may prevent us from bidding for or performing government contracts resulting from or related to certain work we have performed. In addition, services performed for a
commercial or government sector client may create conflicts of interest that preclude or limit our ability to obtain work for a private organization. We attempt to identify actual or potential
conflicts of interest and to minimize the possibility that such conflicts could affect our work under current contracts or our ability to compete for future contracts. We have, on occasion, declined
to bid on a project because of an existing or potential conflict of interest.   

Some
of our operating units have contracts with the U.S. federal government that are subject to audit by the government, primarily by the Defense Contract Audit Agency ("DCAA"). The
DCAA generally seeks to (i) identify and evaluate all activities that contribute to, or have an impact on, proposed or incurred costs of government contracts; (ii) evaluate a
contractor's policies, procedures, controls, and performance; and (iii) prevent or avoid wasteful, careless, and inefficient production or service. To accomplish this, the DCAA examines our
internal control systems, management policies, and financial capability; evaluates the accuracy, reliability, and reasonableness of our cost representations and records; and assesses our compliance
with Cost Accounting Standards ("CAS") and defective-pricing clauses found within the Federal Acquisition Regulation ("FAR"). The DCAA also performs an annual review of our overhead rates and assists
in the establishment of our final rates. This review focuses on the allowability of cost items and the applicability of CAS. The DCAA also audits cost-based contracts, including the close-out of those
contracts.   

                The
DCAA reviews all types of U.S. federal government proposals, including those of award, administration, modification, and re-pricing. The DCAA considers our cost accounting system,
estimating methods and procedures, and specific proposal requirements. Operational audits are also performed by the DCAA. A review of our operations at every major organizational level is conducted
during the proposal review period. During the course of its audit, the U.S. federal government may disallow costs if it determines that we accounted for such costs in a manner inconsistent with CAS.
Under a government contract, only those costs that are reasonable, allocable, and allowable are recoverable. A disallowance of costs by the U.S. federal government could have a material adverse effect
on our financial results.   

                In
accordance with our corporate policies, we maintain controls to minimize any occurrence of fraud or other unlawful activities that could result in severe legal remedies, including
the payment of damages and/or penalties, criminal and civil sanctions, and debarment. In addition, we maintain preventative audit programs and mitigation measures to ensure that appropriate control
systems are in place.   

                We
provide our services under contracts, purchase orders, or retainer letters. Our policy requires that all contracts must be in writing. We bill our clients in accordance with the
contract terms and periodically based on costs incurred, on either an hourly-fee basis or on a percentage-of-completion basis,   

  14  

Table of Contents   

  as
the project progresses. Most of our agreements permit our clients to terminate the agreements without cause upon payment of fees and expenses through the date of the termination. Generally, our
contracts do not require that we provide performance bonds. If required, a performance bond, issued by a surety company, guarantees a contractor's performance under the contract. If the contractor
defaults under the contract, the surety will, at its discretion, complete the job or pay the client the amount of the bond. If the contractor does not have a performance bond and defaults in the
performance of a contract, the contractor is responsible for all damages resulting from the breach of contract. These damages include the cost of completion, together with possible consequential
damages such as lost profits.   

Marketing and Business Development     

                Our management team establishes our overall business strategy. Our ongoing strategic planning defines and guides our investment in marketing
and business development to leverage our differentiators and target priority programs and growth markets. We maintain centralized business development resources to develop our corporate branding and
marketing materials, support proposal preparation and planning, conduct market research, and manage promotional and professional activities, including appearances at trade shows, direct mailings,
advertising, and public relations.   

We
have established company-wide growth initiatives that reinforce internal coordination, track the development of new programs, identify and coordinate collective resources for major
bids, and help us build interdisciplinary teams and provide innovative solutions for major pursuits. Our growth initiatives provide a forum for cross-sector collaboration and the development of
interdisciplinary solutions. We continuously identify new markets that are consistent with our strategic plan and service offerings, and
we leverage our full-service capabilities and internal coordination structure to develop and implement strategies to research, anticipate, and position us for future procurements and emerging
programs.   

                Business
development activities are implemented by our technical and professional management staff throughout the company with the support of company-wide resources and expertise. Our
project managers and technical staff have the best understanding of a client's needs and the effect of local or client-specific issues, laws and regulations, and procurement procedures. Our
professional staff members hold frequent meetings with existing and potential clients; give presentations to civic and professional organizations; and present seminars on research and technical
applications. Essential to the effective development of business is each staff member's access to all of our service offerings through our internal technical and geographic networks. Our strong
internal networking programs help our professional staff members to pursue new opportunities for both existing and new clients. These networks also facilitate our ability to provide services
throughout the project life cycle from the early studies to operations and maintenance. Our enterprise-wide knowledge management systems include skills search tools, business development tracking, and
collaboration tools.   

Sustainability Program            

                Tetra Tech supports clients in more than 100 countries around the world, helping them to solve complex problems and achieve solutions that are
technically, socially, and economically sustainable. Our high-end consulting and engineering services focus on using innovative technologies and creative solutions to minimize environmental impacts.
Our greatest contribution toward sustainability is through the projects we perform every day for our clients. Sustainability is embedded in our projects   from recycling freshwater
supplies to recycling waste products, reducing energy consumption, and reducing greenhouse gas emissions in developing countries.   

                Our
Sustainability Program allows us to further expand our commitment to sustainability by encouraging, coordinating, and reporting on actions to minimize our collective impacts on the
environment. Our Sustainability Program has three primary pillars: Projects   the solutions we provide for   

  15  

Table of Contents   

  our
clients; Procurement   our procurement and subcontracting approaches; and Processes   the internal policies and processes that promote sustainable practices,
reduce costs, and minimize environmental impacts. In addition, our program is based on the Global Reporting
Initiative ("GRI") Sustainability Report Framework, the internationally predominant sustainability reporting protocol for corporate sustainability plans, which includes three fundamental areas:
environmental, economic, and social sustainability.   

                Our
Sustainability Program is led by our Chief Sustainability Officer, who has been appointed by executive management and is supported by other key corporate and operations
representatives via our Sustainability Council. We have established a clear set of metrics to evaluate our progress toward our sustainability goals. Each metric corresponds with one or more
performance indicators from GRI. These metrics include economic, health and safety, information technology, human resources, and real estate. We continuously implement sustainability-related policies
and practices, and we assess the results of our efforts in order to improve upon them in the future. Our executive management team reviews and approves the Sustainability Program and evaluates our
progress in achieving the goals and objectives outlined in our plan. We publish an annual sustainability report that documents our progress.   

Acquisitions and Divestitures            

Acquisitions.       We continuously evaluate the marketplace for acquisition opportunities to further our
strategic growth plans. Due to our reputation,
size, financial resources, geographic presence and range of services, we have numerous opportunities to acquire privately and publicly held companies or selected portions of such companies. We
evaluate an acquisition opportunity based on its ability to strengthen our leadership in the markets we serve, add new geographies, and provide complementary skills. Also, during our evaluation, we
examine an acquisition's ability to drive organic growth, its accretive effect on long-term earnings, and its ability to generate return on investment. Generally, we proceed with an acquisition if we
believe that it could strategically expand our service offerings, improve our long-term financial performance, and increase shareholder returns.   

                We
view acquisitions as a key component in the execution of our growth strategy, and we intend to use cash, debt or securities, as we deem appropriate, to fund acquisitions. We may
acquire other businesses that we believe are synergistic and will ultimately increase our revenue and net income, strengthen our ability to achieve our strategic goals, provide critical mass with
existing clients, and further expand our lines of service. We typically pay a purchase price that results in the recognition of goodwill, generally representing the intangible value of a successful
business with an assembled workforce specialized in our areas of interest. Acquisitions are inherently risky, and no assurance can be given that our previous or future acquisitions will be successful
or will not have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flow. All acquisitions require the approval of our Board of Directors.   

                On
January 18, 2016, we acquired Coffey International Limited ("Coffey"), headquartered in Sydney, Australia. Coffey had approximately 3,300 staff delivering technical and
engineering solutions in international development and geoscience. Coffey significantly expands our geographic presence, particularly in Australia and Asia Pacific, and is part of our RME segment. In
addition to Australia, Coffey's international development business has operations supporting federal government agencies in the U.S. and the United Kingdom. In the second quarter of fiscal 2016, we
also acquired INDUS Corporation ("INDUS"), headquartered in Vienna, Virginia. INDUS is a technology solutions firm focused on water data analytics, geospatial analysis, secure infrastructure, and
software applications management for U.S. federal government customers, and is included in our WEI segment. In fiscal 2015, we acquired Cornerstone Environmental Group, LLC ("CEG"),
headquartered in Middletown, New York. CEG is an environmental engineering and consulting firm focused on solid waste markets in the United States, and is included in our RME segment.   

  16  

Table of Contents   

                For
detailed information regarding acquisitions, see Note 5, "Mergers and Acquisitions" of the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" included in Item 8.   

                  Divestitures.       We regularly review and evaluate our existing operations to determine whether our
business model should change through the divestiture
of certain businesses. Accordingly, from time to time, we may divest certain non-core businesses and reallocate our resources to businesses that better align with our long-term strategic direction. We
did not have any divestitures in fiscal 2016, 2015, or 2014.   

Competition            

                The market for our services is generally competitive. We often compete with many other firms ranging from small regional firms to large
international firms.   

                We
perform a broad spectrum of consulting, engineering, and technical services across the water, environment, infrastructure, resource management, energy, and international development
markets. Our client base includes U.S. federal government agencies such as the DoD, USAID, DOE, EPA and the Federal Aviation Administration; U.S. state and local government agencies; government and
commercial clients in Canada and Australia; the U.S. commercial sector, which consists primarily of
large industrial companies and utilities; and our international commercial clients. Our competition varies and is a function of the business areas in which, and the client sectors for which, we
perform our services. The number of competitors for any procurement can vary widely, depending upon technical qualifications, the relative value of the project, geographic location, the financial
terms and risks associated with the work, and any restrictions placed upon competition by the client. Historically, clients have chosen among competing firms by weighing the quality, innovation and
timeliness of the firm's service versus its cost to determine which firm offers the best value. When less work becomes available in certain markets, price could become an increasingly important
factor.   

                Our
competitors vary depending on end markets and clients, and often we may only compete with a portion of a firm. We believe that our principal competitors include the following firms,
in alphabetical order: AECOM Technology Corporation; AMEC Foster Wheeler; Arcadis NV; Black   Veatch Corporation; Brown   Caldwell; CDM Smith Inc.; CH2M HILL
Companies, Ltd.; Chemonics International, Inc.; Exponent, Inc.; GHD; ICF International, Inc.; Jacobs Engineering Group Inc.; Leidos, Inc.; SNC-Lavalin
Group Inc.; Stantec Inc.; TRC Companies, Inc.; Weston Solutions, Inc.; Willbros Group, Inc.; and WSP Global Inc.   

Backlog            

                We include in our backlog only those contracts for which funding has been provided and work authorization has been received. We estimate that
approximately 70% of our backlog at the end of fiscal 2016 will be recognized as revenue in fiscal 2017, as work is being performed. However, we cannot guarantee that the revenue projected in our
backlog will be realized or, if realized, will result in profits. In addition, project cancellations or scope adjustments may occur with respect to contracts reflected in our backlog. For example,
certain of our contracts with the U.S. federal government and other clients are terminable at the discretion of the client, with or without cause. These types of backlog reductions could adversely
affect our revenue and margins. Accordingly, our backlog as of any particular date is an uncertain indicator of our future earnings.   

                At
fiscal 2016 year-end, our backlog was $2.4 billion, an increase of $477 million, or 25%, compared to fiscal 2015 year-end. Approximately
$900 million and $1.5 billion of our backlog at the end of fiscal 2016 related to WEI and RME, respectively. The overall increase in our backlog was primarily due to the acquisition of
Coffey in the second quarter of fiscal 2016.   

  17  

Table of Contents   

Regulations            

                We engage in various service activities that are subject to government oversight, including environmental laws and regulations, general
government procurement laws and regulations, and other regulations and requirements imposed by the specific government agencies with which we conduct business.   

                  Environmental.       A significant portion of our business involves the planning, design, program
management and construction management of pollution
control facilities, as well as the assessment and management of remediation activities at hazardous waste sites, U.S. Superfund sites, and military bases. In addition, we contract with U.S. federal
government entities to destroy hazardous materials, including weapons stockpiles. These activities require us to manage, handle, remove, treat, transport, and dispose of toxic or hazardous substances.   

                Some
environmental laws, such as the U.S. Superfund law and similar state, provincial and local statutes, can impose liability for the entire cost of clean-up for contaminated
facilities or sites upon present and former owners and operators, as well as generators, transporters, and persons arranging for the treatment or disposal of such substances. In addition, while we
strive to handle hazardous and toxic substances with care and in accordance with safe methods, the possibility of accidents, leaks, spills, and events of force majeure always exist. Humans exposed to
these materials, including workers or subcontractors engaged in the transportation and disposal of hazardous materials and persons in affected areas, may be injured or become ill. This could result in
lawsuits that expose us to liability and substantial damage awards. Liabilities for contamination or human exposure to hazardous or toxic materials, or a failure to comply with applicable regulations,
could result in substantial costs, including clean-up costs, fines, civil or criminal sanctions, third party claims for property damage or personal injury, or the cessation of remediation activities.   

                Certain
of our business operations are covered by U.S. Public Law 85-804, which provides for government indemnification against claims and damages arising out of unusually hazardous
activities performed at the request of the government. Due to changes in public policies and law, however, government indemnification may not be available in the case of any future claims or
liabilities relating to other hazardous activities that we perform.   

                  Government Procurement.       The services we provide to the U.S. federal government are subject to the
FAR and other rules and regulations applicable to
government contracts. These rules and regulations:  

require certification and disclosure of all cost and pricing data in connection with the contract negotiations under certain contract types;    
            impose accounting rules that define allowable and unallowable costs and otherwise govern our right to reimbursement under certain cost-based
government contracts; and   
            restrict the use and dissemination of information classified for national security purposes and the exportation of certain products and
technical data.    

In
addition, services provided to the DoD are monitored by the Defense Contract Management Agency and audited by the DCAA. Our government clients can also terminate any of their
contracts, and many of our government contracts are subject to renewal or extension annually. Further, the services we provide to state and local government clients are subject to various government
rules and regulations.   

  18  

Table of Contents   

Seasonality            

                We experience seasonal trends in our business. Our revenue and operating income are typically lower in the first half of our fiscal year,
primarily due to the Thanksgiving (in the U.S.), Christmas and New Year's holidays. Many of our clients' employees, as well as our own employees, take vacations during these holiday periods. Further,
seasonal inclement weather conditions occasionally cause some of our offices to close temporarily or may hamper our project field work in the northern hemisphere's temperate and arctic regions. These
occurrences result in fewer billable hours worked on projects and, correspondingly, less revenue recognized.   

Potential Liability and Insurance            

                Our business activities could expose us to potential liability under various laws and under workplace health and safety regulations. In
addition, we occasionally assume liability by contract under indemnification agreements. We cannot predict the magnitude of such potential liabilities.   

                We
maintain a comprehensive general liability insurance policy with an umbrella policy that covers losses beyond the general liability limits. We also maintain professional errors and
omissions liability and contractor's pollution liability insurance policies. We believe that both policies provide adequate coverage for our business. When we perform higher-risk work, we obtain, if
available, the necessary types of insurance coverage for such activities, as is typically required by our clients.   

We
obtain insurance coverage through a broker that is experienced in our industry. The broker and our risk manager regularly review the adequacy of our insurance coverage. Because there
are various exclusions and retentions under our policies, or an insurance carrier may become insolvent, there can be no assurance that all potential liabilities will be covered by our insurance
policies or paid by our carrier.   

                We
evaluate the risk associated with insurance claims. If we determine that a loss is probable and reasonably estimable, we establish an appropriate reserve. A reserve is not
established if we determine that a claim has no merit or is not probable or reasonably estimable. Our historic levels of insurance coverage and reserves have been adequate. However, partially or
completely uninsured claims, if successful and of significant magnitude, could have a material adverse effect on our business.   

Employees            

                At fiscal 2016 year-end, we had approximately 16,000 staff worldwide. A large percentage of our employees have technical and
professional backgrounds and undergraduate and/or advanced degrees, including the employees of recently acquired companies. Our professional staff includes archaeologists, architects, biologists,
chemical engineers, chemists, civil engineers, computer scientists, economists, electrical engineers, environmental engineers, environmental scientists, geologists, hydrogeologists, mechanical
engineers, oceanographers, project managers and toxicologists. We consider the current relationships with our employees to be favorable. We are not aware of any employment
circumstances that are likely to disrupt work at any of our facilities. See Part I, Item 1A, "Risk Factors" for a discussion of the risks related to the loss of key personnel or our
inability to attract and retain qualified personnel.   

  19  

Table of Contents    

Executive Officers of the Registrant     

                The following table shows the name, age and position of each of our executive officers at November 22, 2016:   

Name    
     
   Age    
     
   Position    

Dan L. Batrack  
     
  58  

Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President  

Mr. Batrack joined our predecessor in 1980 and was named Chairman in January 2008. He has served as our Chief Executive Officer and a director since November 2005, and as our President since October 2008. Mr. Batrack has served in numerous
 capacities over the last 30 years, including project scientist, project manager, operations manager, Senior Vice President and President of an operating unit. He has managed complex programs for many small and Fortune 500 clients, both in the
 United States and internationally. Mr. Batrack holds a B.A. degree in Business Administration from the University of Washington.  

Steven M. Burdick  
     
      52  

Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer  

Mr. Burdick has served as our Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer since April 2011. He served as our Senior Vice President and Corporate Controller from January 2004 to March 2011. Mr. Burdick joined us in April 2003 as Vice
 President, Management Audit. Previously, Mr. Burdick served in financial executive management roles in private industry and with Ernst   Young LLP. Mr. Burdick holds a B.S. degree in Business Administration from Santa Clara
 University and is a Certified Public Accountant.  

Ronald J. Chu  
     
      59  

Executive Vice President and President of Resource Management and Energy  

Mr. Chu has served as the President of RME since June 2007, and he has served as the Chief Executive Officer of Coffey since January 2016. He has more than 16 years of experience with us, and has served in various technical and management
 capacities, including project and program manager, office manager, regional manager and Chief Operating Officer of the predecessor to RME. Mr. Chu was named a Vice President in 2001, and has served as president of several subsidiary companies
 during his tenure with us. He began his career as a civil/sanitary engineer in 1981 and entered the environmental consulting field in 1984. His career has included management of major assessment, engineering and remediation programs for major oil and
 gas companies, Fortune 100 manufacturers, energy suppliers, and government agencies. Mr. Chu is a registered professional engineer in several states and has authored numerous technical articles. He holds a B.S. in Civil Engineering from
 Northeastern University and an M.S. in Environmental Engineering from the University of Southern California.  

20  

Table of Contents   

Name    
     
   Age    
     
   Position    

Leslie L. Shoemaker  
     
      59  

Executive Vice President and President of Water, Environment and Infrastructure  

Dr. Shoemaker was named President of WEI in April 2015. Dr. Shoemaker joined us in 1991, and has previously served in various management capacities, including project and program manager, water resources manager and infrastructure group
 president. From 2005 to 2015, she led our strategic planning, business development and company-wide collaboration programs. Her technical expertise is in the management of large-scale watershed and master planning studies, development of modeling
 tools and application of optimization tools for decision making. Dr. Shoemaker holds a B.A. degree in Mathematics from Hamilton College, a Master of Engineering from Cornell University and a Ph.D. in Agricultural Engineering from the University
 of Maryland.  

William R. Brownlie  
     
      63  

Senior Vice President, Chief Engineer and Corporate Risk Management Officer  

Dr. Brownlie was named Senior Vice President and Chief Engineer in September 2009, and Corporate Risk Management Officer in November 2013. From December 2005 to September 2009, he served as a Group President. Dr. Brownlie joined our
 predecessor in 1981 and was named a Senior Vice President in December 1993. Dr. Brownlie has managed various operating units and programs focusing on water resources and environmental services, including work with USACE, the U.S. Air Force, U.S.
 Bureau of Reclamation and DOE. He is a registered professional engineer and has a strong technical background in water resources. Dr. Brownlie holds B.S. and M.S. degrees in Civil Engineering from the State University of New York at Buffalo and
 a Ph.D. in Civil Engineering from the California Institute of Technology.  

Brian N. Carter  
     
      49  

Senior Vice President, Corporate Controller and Chief Accounting Officer  

Mr. Carter joined Tetra Tech as Vice President, Corporate Controller and Chief Accounting Officer in June 2011 and was appointed Senior Vice President in October 2012. Previously, Mr. Carter served in finance and auditing positions in
 private industry and with Ernst   Young LLP. Mr. Carter holds a B.S. in Business Administration from Miami University and is a Certified Public Accountant.  

Craig L. Christensen  
     
      63  

Senior Vice President, Chief Information Officer  

Mr. Christensen joined us in 1998 through the acquisition of our Tetra Tech NUS, Inc. ("NUS") subsidiary. Mr. Christensen is responsible for our information services and technologies, including the implementation of our enterprise
 resource planning system. Previously, Mr. Christensen held positions at NUS, Brown and Root Services, and Landmark Graphics subsidiaries of Halliburton Company where his responsibilities included contracts administration, finance, and system
 development. Prior to his service at Halliburton, Mr. Christensen held positions at Burroughs Corporation and Apple Computer. Mr. Christensen holds B.A. and M.B.A. degrees from Brigham Young University.  

21  

Table of Contents   

Name    
     
   Age    
     
   Position    

Richard A. Lemmon  
     
      57  

Senior Vice President, Corporate Administration  

Mr. Lemmon joined our predecessor in 1981 in a technical capacity and became a member of its corporate staff in a management position in 1985. In 1988, at the time of our predecessor's divestiture from Honeywell, Inc., Mr. Lemmon
 structured and managed many of our corporate functions. He is currently responsible for insurance, risk management, human resources, safety and facilities.  

Kevin P. McDonald  
     
      57  

Senior Vice President, Human Resources and Leadership Development  

Mr. McDonald joined us in 2003 through the acquisition of Foster Wheeler Environmental Corporation. He is responsible for all areas of human resources ("HR"), including executive compensation, employee benefits, succession planning, human
 resources information systems, and employment law compliance. Prior to leading our corporate HR organization, Mr. McDonald was the HR Director for one of our subsidiaries. He has more than 30 years' experience in the engineering and
 construction services industry. Mr. McDonald earned a B.S. degree in Management from the University of Scranton and an M.B.A from Fairleigh Dickinson University.  

Janis B. Salin  
     
      63  

Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary  

Ms. Salin joined us in February 2002. For the prior 18 years, Ms. Salin was a Principal with the law firm of Riordan   McKinzie in Los Angeles, and served as Managing Principal of that firm from 1990 to 1992. She served as
 our outside counsel from the time of our formation in 1988. Ms. Salin holds B.A. and J.D. degrees from the University of California at Los Angeles.  

Available Information            

                All of our periodic report filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), are made available, free of charge, through our website located at www.tetratech.com, including our Annual Reports on
Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to these reports. These reports are available on our website as soon as reasonably
practicable after we electronically file with or furnish the reports to the SEC. You may also request an electronic or paper copy of these filings at no cost by writing or telephoning us at the
following: Tetra Tech, Inc., Attention: Investor Relations, 3475 East Foothill Boulevard, Pasadena, California 91107, (626) 351-4664.    

Item 1A.    Risk Factors          

We operate in a changing environment that involves numerous known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could
materially adversely affect our operations. Set forth below and elsewhere in this report and in other documents we file with the SEC are descriptions of the risks and uncertainties that could cause
our actual results to differ materially from the results contemplated by the forward-looking statements contained in this report. Additional risks we do not yet know of or that we currently think are
immaterial may also affect our business operations. If any of the events or circumstances described in the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition or results of operations
could be materially adversely affected.   

  22  

Table of Contents   

Continuing worldwide political and economic uncertainties may adversely affect our revenue and profitability.     

The last several years have been periodically marked by political and economic concerns, including decreased consumer confidence, the lingering
effects of international conflicts,
energy costs and inflation. Although certain indices and economic data have shown signs of stabilization in the United States and certain global markets, there can be no assurance that these
improvements will be broad-based or sustainable. This instability can make it extremely difficult for our clients, our vendors and us to accurately forecast and plan future business activities, and
could cause constrained spending on our services, delays and a lengthening of our business development efforts, the demand for more favorable pricing or other terms, and/or difficulty in collection of
our accounts receivable. Our government clients may face budget deficits that prohibit them from funding proposed and existing projects. Further, ongoing economic instability in the global markets
could limit our ability to access the capital markets at a time when we would like, or need, to raise capital, which could have an impact on our ability to react to changing business conditions or new
opportunities. If economic conditions remain uncertain or weaken, or government spending is reduced, our revenue and profitability could be adversely affected.   

Demand for our services is cyclical and vulnerable to economic downturns. If economic growth slows,
government fiscal conditions worsen, or client spending declines further, then our revenue, profits and financial condition may deteriorate.     

Demand for our services is cyclical, and vulnerable to economic downturns and reductions in government and private industry spending. Such
downturns or reductions may result in clients delaying, curtailing or canceling proposed and existing projects. Our business traditionally lags the overall recovery in the economy; therefore, our
business may not recover immediately when the economy improves. If economic growth slows, government fiscal conditions worsen, or client spending declines, then our revenue, profits and overall
financial condition may deteriorate. Our government clients may face budget deficits that prohibit them from funding new or existing projects. In addition, our existing and potential clients may
either postpone entering into new contracts or request price concessions. Difficult financing and economic conditions may cause some of our clients to demand better pricing terms or delay payments for
services we perform, thereby increasing the average number of days our receivables are outstanding, and the potential of increased credit losses of uncollectible invoices. Further, these conditions
may result in the inability of some of our clients to pay us for services that we have already performed. If we are not able to reduce our costs quickly enough to respond to the revenue decline from
these clients, our operating results may be adversely affected. Accordingly, these factors affect our ability to forecast our future revenue and earnings from business areas that may be adversely
impacted by market conditions.   

Demand for our oil and gas, and mining services fluctuates and a decline in demand could adversely affect our
revenue, profits and financial condition.     

                Demand for our oil and gas services fluctuates, and we depend on our customers' willingness to make future expenditures to explore for,
develop, produce and transport oil and natural gas in the United States and Canada. Our customers' willingness to undertake these activities depends
largely upon prevailing industry conditions that are influenced by numerous factors over which we have no control, including:  

prices, and expectations about future prices, of oil and natural gas;   
            domestic and foreign supply of and demand for oil and natural gas;   
            the cost of exploring for, developing, producing and delivering oil and natural gas;    
 
  23  

Table of Contents   

transportation capacity, including but not limited to train transportation capacity and its future regulation;    
            available pipeline, storage and other transportation capacity;   
            availability of qualified personnel and lead times associated with acquiring equipment and products;    
            federal, state, provincial and local regulation of oilfield activities;   
            environmental concerns regarding the methods our customers use to produce hydrocarbons;   
            the availability of water resources and the cost of disposal and recycling services; and   
            seasonal limitations on access to work locations.    

Anticipated
future prices for natural gas and crude oil are a primary factor affecting spending by our customers. Lower prices or volatility in prices for oil and natural gas typically
decrease spending, which can cause rapid and material declines in demand for our services and in the prices we are able to charge for our services. Worldwide political, economic, military and
terrorist events, as well as natural disasters and other factors beyond our control, contribute to oil and natural gas price levels and volatility and are likely to continue to do so in the future.   

                Further,
the businesses of our global mining clients are, to varying degrees, cyclical and have experienced declines over the last three years due to lower global growth expectations
and the associated decline in market prices. For example, depending on the market prices of uranium, precious metals, aluminum, copper, iron ore, and potash, our mining company clients may cancel or
curtail their mining projects, which could result in a corresponding decline in the demand for our services among these clients. Accordingly, the cyclical nature of the mining industry could adversely
affect our business, operating results or financial condition.   

Our international operations expose us to legal, political, and economic risks in different countries as well
as currency exchange rate fluctuations that could harm our business and financial results.     

                In fiscal 2016, we generated 28.1% of our revenue from our international operations, primarily in Canada and Australia, and from international
clients for work that is performed by our domestic operations. International business is subject to a variety of risks, including:  

imposition of governmental controls and changes in laws, regulations, or policies;   
            lack of developed legal systems to enforce contractual rights;   
            greater risk of uncollectible accounts and longer collection cycles;   
            currency exchange rate fluctuations, devaluations, and other conversion restrictions;   
            uncertain and changing tax rules, regulations, and rates;   
            the potential for civil unrest, acts of terrorism, force majeure, war or other armed conflict, and greater physical security risks, which may
cause us to leave a country quickly;   
            logistical and communication challenges;    
 
  24  

Table of Contents   

changes in regulatory practices, including tariffs and taxes;   
            changes in labor conditions;   
            general economic, political, and financial conditions in foreign markets; and   
            exposure to civil or criminal liability under the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act ("FCPA"), the U.K. Bribery Act, the Canadian Corruption of
Foreign Public Officials Act, the Brazilian Clean Companies Act, the anti-boycott rules, trade and export control regulations, as well as other international regulations.    

For
example, an ongoing government investigation into political corruption in Quebec contributed to the slow-down in procurements and business activity in that province, which adversely
affected our business. The Province of Quebec has adopted legislation that requires businesses and individuals seeking contracts with governmental bodies be certified by a Quebec regulatory authority
for contracts over a specified size. Our failure to maintain certification could adversely affect our business.   

                International
risks and violations of international regulations may significantly reduce our revenue and profits, and subject us to criminal or civil enforcement actions, including
fines, suspensions, or disqualification from future U.S. federal procurement contracting. Although we have policies and procedures to monitor legal and regulatory compliance, our employees,
subcontractors, and agents could take actions that violate these requirements. As a result, our international risk exposure may be more or less than the percentage of revenue attributed to our
international operations.   

We derive a substantial amount of our revenue from U.S. federal, state and local government agencies, and any
disruption in government funding or in our relationship with those agencies could adversely affect our business.     

In fiscal 2016, we generated 42.4% of our revenue from contracts with U.S. federal, and state and local government agencies. A significant
amount of this revenue is derived under multi-year contracts, many of which are appropriated on an annual basis. As a result, at the beginning of a project, the related contract may be only partially
funded, and additional funding is normally committed only as appropriations are made in each subsequent year. These appropriations, and the timing of payment of appropriated amounts, may be influenced
by numerous factors as noted below. Our backlog includes only the projects that have funding appropriated.   

The
demand for our U.S. government-related services is generally driven by the level of government program funding. Accordingly, the success and further development of our business
depends, in large part, upon the continued funding of these U.S. government programs, and upon our ability to obtain contracts and perform well under these programs. Under the Budget Control Act of
2011, an automatic sequestration process, or across-the-board budget cuts (a large portion of which was defense-related), was triggered when the Joint Select Committee on Deficit Reduction, a
committee of twelve members of Congress, failed to agree on a deficit reduction plan for the U.S. federal budget. The sequestration began on March 1, 2013. Although the Bipartisan Budget Act of
2013 provided some sequester relief through the end of fiscal year 2015, the sequestration requires reduced U.S. federal government spending from fiscal year 2016 through fiscal year 2021. A
significant reduction in federal government spending or a change in budgetary priorities could reduce demand for our services, cancel or delay federal projects, and result in the closure of federal
facilities and significant personnel reductions.   

                There
are several additional factors that could materially affect our U.S. government contracting business, which could cause U.S. government agencies to delay or cancel programs, to
reduce their orders under existing contracts, to exercise their rights to terminate contracts or not to exercise contract options   

  25  

Table of Contents   

  for
renewals or extensions. Such factors, which include the following, could have a material adverse effect on our revenue or the timing of contract payments from U.S. government
agencies:  

the failure of the U.S. government to complete its budget and appropriations process before its fiscal year-end, which would result in the
funding of government operations by means of a continuing resolution that authorizes agencies to continue to operate but does not authorize new spending initiatives. As a result, U.S. government
agencies may delay the procurement of services;   
            changes in and delays or cancellations of government programs, requirements or appropriations;   
            budget constraints or policy changes resulting in delay or curtailment of expenditures related to the services we provide;    
            re-competes of government contracts;   
            the timing and amount of tax revenue received by federal, and state and local governments, and the overall level of government expenditures;    
            curtailment in the use of government contracting firms;   
            delays associated with insufficient numbers of government staff to oversee contracts;   
            the increasing preference by government agencies for contracting with small and disadvantaged businesses;    
            competing political priorities and changes in the political climate with regard to the funding or operation of the services we provide;    
            the adoption of new laws or regulations affecting our contracting relationships with the federal, state or local governments;    
            unsatisfactory performance on government contracts by us or one of our subcontractors, negative government audits or other events that may
impair our relationship with federal, state or local governments;   
            a dispute with or improper activity by any of our subcontractors; and   
            general economic or political conditions.    

Our inability to win or renew U.S. government contracts during regulated procurement processes could harm our
operations and significantly reduce or eliminate our profits.     

                U.S. government contracts are awarded through a regulated procurement process. The U.S. federal government has increasingly relied upon
multi-year contracts with pre-established terms and conditions, such as indefinite delivery/indefinite quantity ("IDIQ") contracts, which generally require those contractors who have previously been
awarded the IDIQ to engage in an additional competitive bidding process before a task order is issued. As a result, new work awards tend to be smaller and of shorter duration, since the orders
represent individual tasks rather than large, programmatic assignments. In addition, we believe that there has been an increase in the award of federal contracts based on a low-price, technically
acceptable criteria emphasizing price over qualitative factors, such as past   

  26  

Table of Contents   

  performance.
As a result, pricing pressure may reduce our profit margins on future federal contracts. The increased competition and pricing pressure, in turn, may require us to make sustained efforts
to reduce costs in order to realize revenue, and profits under government contracts. If we are not successful in reducing the amount of costs we incur, our profitability on government contracts will
be negatively impacted. In addition, the U.S. federal government has scaled back outsourcing of services in favor of "insourcing" jobs to its employees, which could reduce our revenue. Moreover, even
if we are qualified to work on a government contract, we may not be awarded the contract because of existing government policies designed to protect small businesses and under-represented minority
contractors. Our inability to win or renew government contracts during regulated procurement processes could harm our operations and significantly reduce or eliminate our profits.   

Each year, client funding for some of our U.S. government contracts may rely on government appropriations or
public-supported financing. If adequate public funding is delayed or is not available, then our profits and revenue could decline.     

Each year, client funding for some of our U.S. government contracts may directly or indirectly rely on government appropriations or
public-supported financing. Legislatures may appropriate funds for a given project on a year-by-year basis, even though the project may take more than one year to perform. In addition,
public-supported financing such as U.S. state and local municipal bonds may be only partially raised to support existing projects. Similarly, the impact of the economic downturn on U.S. state and
local governments may make it more difficult for them to fund projects. In addition to the state of the economy and competing political priorities, public funds and the timing of payment of these
funds may be influenced by, among other things, curtailments in the use
of government contracting firms, increases in raw material costs, delays associated with insufficient numbers of government staff to oversee contracts, budget constraints, the timing and amount of tax
receipts, and the overall level of government expenditures. If adequate public funding is not available or is delayed, then our profits and revenue could decline.   

Our U.S. federal government contracts may give government agencies the right to modify, delay, curtail,
renegotiate, or terminate existing contracts at their convenience at any time prior to their completion, which may result in a decline in our profits and revenue.     

U.S. federal government projects in which we participate as a contractor or subcontractor may extend for several years. Generally, government
contracts include the right to modify, delay, curtail, renegotiate, or terminate contracts and subcontracts at the government's convenience any time prior to their completion. Any decision by a U.S.
federal government client to modify, delay, curtail, renegotiate, or terminate our contracts at their convenience may result in a decline in our profits and revenue.   

As a U.S. government contractor, we must comply with various procurement laws and regulations and are subject
to regular government audits; a violation of any of these laws and regulations or the failure to pass a government audit could result in sanctions, contract termination, forfeiture of profit, harm to
our reputation or loss of our status as an eligible government contractor and could reduce our profits and revenue.     

                We must comply with and are affected by U.S. federal, state, local, and foreign laws and regulations relating to the formation, administration
and performance of government contracts. For example, we must comply with FAR, the Truth in Negotiations Act, CAS, the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009, the Services Contract Act, and
the DoD security regulations, as well as many other rules and regulations. In addition, we must also comply with other government regulations related to employment practices, environmental protection,
health and safety, tax, accounting, and anti-fraud measures, as well as many others regulations in order to maintain our government contractor status. These laws and regulations affect how we do
business with our clients and, in some instances, impose additional costs on our business operations. Although we take precautions to prevent and deter fraud, misconduct,   

  27  

Table of Contents   

  and
non-compliance, we face the risk that our employees or outside partners may engage in misconduct, fraud, or other improper activities. U.S. government agencies, such as the DCAA, routinely audit
and investigate government contractors. These government agencies review and audit a government contractor's performance under its contracts and cost structure, and evaluate compliance with applicable
laws, regulations, and standards. In addition, during the course of its audits, the DCAA may question our incurred project costs. If the DCAA believes we have accounted for such costs in a manner
inconsistent with the requirements for FAR or CAS, the DCAA auditor may recommend to our U.S. government corporate administrative contracting officer that such costs be disallowed. Historically, we
have not experienced significant disallowed costs as a result of government audits. However, we can provide no assurance that the DCAA or other government audits will not result in material
disallowances for incurred costs in the future. In addition, U.S. government contracts are subject to various other requirements relating to the formation, administration, performance, and accounting
for these contracts. We may also be subject to    qui tam    litigation brought by private individuals on behalf of the U.S. government under the Federal
Civil False Claims Act, which could include claims for treble damages. U.S. government contract violations could result in the imposition of civil and criminal penalties or sanctions, contract
termination, forfeiture of profit, and/or suspension of payment, any of which could make us lose our status as an eligible government contractor. We could also suffer serious harm to our reputation.
Any interruption or termination of our U.S. government contractor status could reduce our profits and revenue significantly.   

If we extend a significant portion of our credit to clients in a specific geographic area or industry, we may
experience disproportionately high levels of collection risk and nonpayment if those clients are adversely affected by factors particular to their geographic area or industry.     

Our clients include public and private entities that have been, and may continue to be, negatively impacted by the changing landscape in the
global economy. While outside of the U.S. federal government no one client accounted for over 10% of our revenue for fiscal 2016, we face collection risk as a normal part of our business where we
perform services and subsequently bill our clients for such services. In the event that we have concentrated credit risk from clients in a specific geographic area or industry, continuing negative
trends or a worsening in the financial condition of that specific geographic area or industry could make us susceptible to disproportionately high levels of default by those clients. Such defaults
could materially adversely impact our revenues and our results of operations.   

We have made and expect to continue to make acquisitions that could disrupt our operations and adversely
impact our business and operating results. Our failure to conduct due diligence effectively, or our inability to successfully integrate acquisitions, could impede us from realizing all of the benefits
of the acquisitions, which could weaken our results of operations.     

                A key part of our growth strategy is to acquire other companies that complement our lines of business or that broaden our technical
capabilities and geographic presence. We expect to continue to acquire companies as an element of our growth strategy; however, our ability to make acquisitions is restricted under our credit
agreement. Acquisitions involve certain known and unknown risks that could cause our actual growth or operating results to differ from our expectations or the expectations of securities analysts. For
example:  

we may not be able to identify suitable acquisition candidates or to acquire additional companies on acceptable terms;    
            we are pursuing international acquisitions, which inherently pose more risk than domestic acquisitions;    
            we compete with others to acquire companies, which may result in decreased availability of, or increased price for, suitable acquisition
candidates;    
 
  28  

Table of Contents    

we may not be able to obtain the necessary financing, on favorable terms or at all, to finance any of our potential acquisitions;    
            we may ultimately fail to consummate an acquisition even if we announce that we plan to acquire a company; and    
            acquired companies may not perform as we expect, and we may fail to realize anticipated revenue and profits.    

In
addition, our acquisition strategy may divert management's attention away from our existing businesses, resulting in the loss of key clients or key employees, and expose us to
unanticipated problems or legal liabilities, including responsibility as a successor-in-interest for undisclosed or contingent liabilities of acquired businesses or assets.   

If
we fail to conduct due diligence on our potential targets effectively, we may, for example, not identify problems at target companies, or fail to recognize incompatibilities or other
obstacles to successful integration. Our inability to successfully integrate future acquisitions could impede us from realizing all of the benefits of those acquisitions and could severely weaken our
business operations. The integration process may disrupt our business and, if implemented ineffectively, may preclude realization of the full benefits expected by us and could harm our results of
operations. In addition, the overall integration of the combining companies may result in unanticipated problems, expenses, liabilities, and competitive responses, and may cause our stock price to
decline. The difficulties of integrating an acquisition include, among others:  

issues in integrating information, communications, and other systems;   
            incompatibility of logistics, marketing, and administration methods;   
            maintaining employee morale and retaining key employees;   
            integrating the business cultures of both companies;   
            preserving important strategic client relationships;   
            consolidating corporate and administrative infrastructures, and eliminating duplicative operations; and    
            coordinating and integrating geographically separate organizations.    

In
addition, even if the operations of an acquisition are integrated successfully, we may not realize the full benefits of the acquisition, including the synergies, cost savings or
growth opportunities that we expect. These benefits may not be achieved within the anticipated time frame, or at all.   

                Further,
acquisitions may cause us to:  

issue common stock that would dilute our current stockholders' ownership percentage;   
            use a substantial portion of our cash resources;   
            increase our interest expense, leverage, and debt service requirements (if we incur additional debt to pay for an acquisition);    
 
  29  

Table of Contents   

assume liabilities, including environmental liabilities, for which we do not have indemnification from the former owners. Further,
indemnification obligations may be subject to dispute or concerns regarding the creditworthiness of the former owners;   
            record goodwill and non-amortizable intangible assets that are subject to impairment testing and potential impairment charges;    
            experience volatility in earnings due to changes in contingent consideration related to acquisition earn-out liability estimates;    
            incur amortization expenses related to certain intangible assets;   
            lose existing or potential contracts as a result of conflict of interest issues;   
            incur large and immediate write-offs; or   
            become subject to litigation.    

Finally,
acquired companies that derive a significant portion of their revenue from the U.S. federal government and do not follow the same cost accounting policies and billing practices
that we follow may be subject to larger cost disallowances for greater periods than we typically encounter. If we fail to determine the existence of unallowable costs and do not establish appropriate
reserves in advance of an acquisition, we may be exposed to material unanticipated liabilities, which could have a material adverse effect on our business.   

If our goodwill or other intangible assets become impaired, then our profits may be significantly reduced.     

                Because we have historically acquired a significant number of companies, goodwill and other intangible assets represent a substantial portion
of our assets. As of October 2, 2016, our goodwill was $718 million and other intangible assets were $49 million. We are required to perform a goodwill impairment test for
potential impairment at least on an annual basis. We also assess the recoverability of the unamortized balance of our intangible assets when indications of impairment are present based on expected
future profitability and undiscounted expected cash flows and their contribution to our overall operations. The goodwill impairment test requires us to determine the fair value of our reporting units,
which are the components one level below our reportable segments. In determining fair value, we make significant judgments and estimates, including assumptions about our strategic plans with regard to
our operations. We also analyze current economic indicators and market valuations to help determine fair value. To the extent economic conditions that would impact the future operations of our
reporting units change, our goodwill may be deemed to be impaired, and we would be required to record a non-cash charge that could result in a material adverse effect on our financial position or
results of operations.   

                For
example, we wrote-off all of our Global Mining Practice's ("GMP") goodwill and identifiable intangible assets and recorded a related impairment charge of $60.8 million
($57.3 million after-tax) in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015. We had no goodwill impairment in fiscal 2016.   

We could be adversely affected by violations of the FCPA and similar worldwide anti-bribery laws.     

The FCPA and similar anti-bribery laws generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to foreign
government officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. The U.K. Bribery Act of 2010 prohibits both domestic and international bribery, as well as bribery across both private and
public sectors. In addition, an organization that "fails
to prevent bribery" by anyone associated with the organization can be charged under the U.K. Bribery Act unless the   

  30  

Table of Contents   

  organization
can establish the defense of having implemented "adequate procedures" to prevent bribery. Improper payments are also prohibited under the Canadian Corruption of Foreign Public Officials
Act and the Brazilian Clean Companies Act. Practices in the local business community of many countries outside the United States have a level of government corruption that is greater than that found
in the developed world. Our policies mandate compliance with these anti-bribery laws, and we have established policies and procedures designed to monitor compliance with these anti-bribery law
requirements; however, we cannot ensure that our policies and procedures will protect us from potential reckless or criminal acts committed by individual employees or agents. If we are found to be
liable for anti-bribery law violations, we could suffer from criminal or civil penalties or other sanctions that could have a material adverse effect on our business.   

We could be adversely impacted if we fail to comply with domestic and international export laws.     

                To the extent we export technical services, data and products outside of the United States, we are subject to U.S. and international laws and
regulations governing international trade and exports, including but not limited to the International Traffic in Arms Regulations, the Export Administration Regulations, and trade sanctions against
embargoed countries. A failure to comply with these laws and regulations could result in civil or criminal sanctions, including the imposition of fines, the denial of export privileges, and suspension
or debarment from participation in U.S. government contracts, which could have a material adverse effect on our business.   

If we fail to complete a project in a timely manner, miss a required performance standard, or otherwise fail
to adequately perform on a project, then we may incur a loss on that project, which may reduce or eliminate our overall profitability.     

                Our engagements often involve large-scale, complex projects. The quality of our performance on such projects depends in large part upon our
ability to manage the relationship with our clients and our ability to effectively manage the project and deploy appropriate resources, including third-party contractors and our own personnel, in a
timely manner. We may commit to a client that we will complete a project by a scheduled date. We may also commit that a project, when completed, will achieve specified performance standards. If the
project is not completed by the scheduled date or fails
to meet required performance standards, we may either incur significant additional costs or be held responsible for the costs incurred by the client to rectify damages due to late completion or
failure to achieve the required performance standards. The uncertainty of the timing of a project can present difficulties in planning the amount of personnel needed for the project. If the project is
delayed or canceled, we may bear the cost of an underutilized workforce that was dedicated to fulfilling the project. In addition, performance of projects can be affected by a number of factors beyond
our control, including unavoidable delays from government inaction, public opposition, inability to obtain financing, weather conditions, unavailability of vendor materials, changes in the project
scope of services requested by our clients, industrial accidents, environmental hazards, and labor disruptions. To the extent these events occur, the total costs of the project could exceed our
estimates, and we could experience reduced profits or, in some cases, incur a loss on a project, which may reduce or eliminate our overall profitability. Further, any defects or errors, or failures to
meet our clients' expectations, could result in claims for damages against us. Failure to meet performance standards or complete performance on a timely basis could also adversely affect our
reputation.   

The loss of key personnel or our inability to attract and retain qualified personnel could impair our ability
to provide services to our clients and otherwise conduct our business effectively.     

                As primarily a professional and technical services company, we are labor-intensive and, therefore, our ability to attract, retain, and expand
our senior management and our professional and technical staff is an important factor in determining our future success. The market for qualified scientists and engineers is   

  31  

Table of Contents   

  competitive
and, from time to time, it may be difficult to attract and retain qualified individuals with the required expertise within the timeframe demanded by our clients. For example, some of our
U.S. government contracts may require us to employ only individuals who have particular government security clearance levels. In addition, we rely heavily upon the expertise and leadership of our
senior management. If we are unable to retain executives and other key personnel, the roles and responsibilities of those employees will need to be filled, which may require that we devote time and
resources to identify, hire, and integrate new employees. With limited exceptions, we do not have employment agreements with any of our key personnel. The loss of the services of any of these key
personnel could adversely affect our business. Although we have obtained non-compete agreements from certain principals and stockholders of companies we have acquired, we generally do not have
non-compete or employment agreements with key employees who were once equity holders of these companies. Further, many of our non-compete agreements have expired. We do not maintain key-man life
insurance policies on any of our executive officers or senior managers. Our failure to attract and retain key individuals could impair our ability to provide services to our clients and conduct our
business effectively.   

Our revenue and growth prospects may be harmed if we or our employees are unable to obtain government granted
eligibility or other qualifications we and they need to perform services for our customers.     

                A number of government programs require contractors to have certain kinds of government granted eligibility, such as security clearance
credentials. Depending on the project, eligibility can be difficult and time-consuming to obtain. If we or our employees are unable to obtain or retain the necessary eligibility, we may not be able to
win new business, and our existing customers could terminate their contracts with us or decide not to renew them. To the extent we cannot obtain or maintain the required security clearances for our
employees working on a particular contract, we may not derive the revenue or profit anticipated from such contract.   

Our actual business and financial results could differ from the estimates and assumptions that we use to
prepare our financial statements, which may significantly reduce or eliminate our profits.     

To prepare financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America ("GAAP"),
management is required to make estimates and assumptions as of the date of the financial statements. These estimates and assumptions affect the reported values of assets, liabilities, revenue and
expenses, as well as disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. For example, we typically recognize revenue over the life of a contract based on the proportion of costs incurred to date
compared to the total costs estimated to be incurred for the entire project. Areas requiring significant estimates by our management include:  

the application of the percentage-of-completion method of accounting and revenue recognition on contracts, change orders, and contract claims,
including related unbilled accounts receivable;   
            unbilled accounts receivable, including amounts related to requests for equitable adjustment to contracts that provide for price
redetermination, primarily with the U.S. federal government. These amounts are recorded only when they can be reliably estimated and realization is probable;    
            provisions for uncollectible receivables, client claims, and recoveries of costs from subcontractors, vendors, and others;    
            provisions for income taxes, research and development tax credits, valuation allowances, and unrecognized tax benefits;    
            value of goodwill and recoverability of other intangible assets;    
 
  32  

Table of Contents   

valuations of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in connection with business combinations;   
            valuation of contingent earn-out liabilities recorded in connection with business combinations;   
            valuation of employee benefit plans;   
            valuation of stock-based compensation expense; and   
            accruals for estimated liabilities, including litigation and insurance reserves.    

Our
actual business and financial results could differ from those estimates, which may significantly reduce or eliminate our profits.   

Our profitability could suffer if we are not able to maintain adequate utilization of our workforce.     

                The cost of providing our services, including the extent to which we utilize our workforce, affects our profitability. The rate at which we
utilize our workforce is affected by a number of factors, including:  

our ability to transition employees from completed projects to new assignments and to hire and assimilate new employees;    
            our ability to forecast demand for our services and thereby maintain an appropriate headcount in each of our geographies and workforces;    
            our ability to manage attrition;   
            our need to devote time and resources to training, business development, professional development, and other non-chargeable activities; and    
            our ability to match the skill sets of our employees to the needs of the marketplace.    

If
we over-utilize our workforce, our employees may become disengaged, which could impact employee attrition. If we under-utilize our workforce, our profit margin and profitability
could suffer.   

Our use of the percentage-of-completion method of revenue recognition could result in a reduction or reversal
of previously recorded revenue and profits.     

                We account for most of our contracts on the percentage-of-completion method of revenue recognition. Generally, our use of this method results
in recognition of revenue and profit ratably over the life of the contract, based on the proportion of costs incurred to date to total costs expected to be incurred for the entire project. The effects
of revisions to estimated revenue and costs, including the achievement of award fees and the impact of change orders and claims, are recorded when the amounts are known and can be reasonably
estimated. Such revisions could occur in any period and their effects could be material. Although we have historically made reasonably reliable estimates of the progress towards completion of
long-term contracts, the uncertainties inherent in the estimating process make it possible for actual costs to vary materially from estimates, including reductions or reversals of previously recorded
revenue and profit.   

  33  

Table of Contents   

If we are unable to accurately estimate and control our contract costs, then we may incur losses on our
contracts, which could decrease our operating margins and reduce our profits. In particular, our fixed-price contracts could increase the unpredictability of our earnings.     

It is important for us to accurately estimate and control our contract costs so that we can maintain positive operating margins and
profitability. We generally enter into three principal types of contracts with our clients: fixed-price, time-and-materials and cost-plus.   

                The
U.S. federal government and some clients have increased the use of fixed-priced contracts. Under fixed-price contracts, we receive a fixed price irrespective of the actual costs we
incur and, consequently, we are exposed to a number of risks. We realize a profit on fixed-price contracts only if we can control our costs and prevent cost over-runs on our contracts. Fixed-price
contracts require cost and scheduling estimates that are based on a number of assumptions, including those about future
economic conditions, costs, and availability of labor, equipment and materials, and other exigencies. We could experience cost over-runs if these estimates are originally inaccurate as a result of
errors or ambiguities in the contract specifications, or become inaccurate as a result of a change in circumstances following the submission of the estimate due to, among other things, unanticipated
technical problems, difficulties in obtaining permits or approvals, changes in local laws or labor conditions, weather delays, changes in the costs of raw materials, or the inability of our vendors or
subcontractors to perform. If cost overruns occur, we could experience reduced profits or, in some cases, a loss for that project. If a project is significant, or if there are one or more common
issues that impact multiple projects, costs overruns could increase the unpredictability of our earnings, as well as have a material adverse impact on our business and earnings.   

                Under
our time-and-materials contracts, we are paid for labor at negotiated hourly billing rates and also paid for other expenses. Profitability on these contracts is driven by billable
headcount and cost control. Many of our time-and-materials contracts are subject to maximum contract values and, accordingly, revenue relating to these contracts is recognized as if these contracts
were fixed-price contracts. Under our cost-plus contracts, some of which are subject to contract ceiling amounts, we are reimbursed for allowable costs and fees, which may be fixed or
performance-based. If our costs exceed the contract ceiling or are not allowable under the provisions of the contract or any applicable regulations, we may not be able to obtain reimbursement for all
of the costs we incur.   

                Profitability
on our contracts is driven by billable headcount and our ability to manage our subcontractors, vendors, and material suppliers. If we are unable to accurately estimate and
manage our costs, we may incur losses on our contracts, which could decrease our operating margins and significantly reduce or eliminate our profits. Certain of our contracts require us to satisfy
specific design, engineering, procurement, or construction milestones in order to receive payment for the work completed or equipment or supplies procured prior to achievement of the applicable
milestone. As a result, under these types of arrangements, we may incur significant costs or perform significant amounts of services prior to receipt of payment. If a client determines not to proceed
with the completion of the project or if the client defaults on its payment obligations, we may face difficulties in collecting payment of amounts due to us for the costs previously incurred or for
the amounts previously expended to purchase equipment or supplies.   

                Accounting
for a contract requires judgments relative to assessing the contract's estimated risks, revenue, costs, and other technical issues. Due to the size and nature of many of our
contracts, the estimation of overall risk, revenue, and cost at completion is complicated and subject to many variables. Changes in underlying assumptions, circumstances, or estimates may also
adversely affect future period financial performance. If we are unable to accurately estimate the overall revenue or costs on a contract, then we may experience a lower profit or incur a loss on the
contract.   

  34  

Table of Contents   

Our failure to adequately recover on claims brought by us against clients for additional contract costs could
have a negative impact on our liquidity and profitability.     

                We have brought claims against clients for additional costs exceeding the contract price or for amounts not included in the original contract
price. These types of claims occur due to matters such as client-caused delays or changes from the initial project scope, both of which may result in additional cost. Often, these claims can be the
subject of lengthy arbitration or litigation proceedings, and it is difficult to accurately predict when these claims will be fully resolved. When these types of events occur and unresolved claims are
pending, we have used working capital in projects to cover cost overruns pending the resolution of the relevant claims. A failure to promptly recover on these types of claims could have a negative
impact on our liquidity and profitability. Total accounts receivable at October 2, 2016 included approximately $45 million related to such claims.   

Our failure to win new contracts and renew existing contracts with private and public sector clients could
adversely affect our profitability.     

                Our business depends on our ability to win new contracts and renew existing contracts with private and public sector clients. Contract
proposals and negotiations are complex and frequently involve a lengthy bidding and selection process, which is affected by a number of factors. These factors include market conditions, financing
arrangements, and required governmental approvals. For example, a client may require us to provide a bond or letter of credit to protect the client should we fail to perform under the terms of the
contract. If negative market conditions arise, or if we fail to secure adequate financial arrangements or the required government approval, we may not be able to pursue particular projects, which
could adversely affect our profitability.   

If we are not able to successfully manage our growth strategy, our business and results of operations may be
adversely affected.     

                Our expected future growth presents numerous managerial, administrative, operational, and other challenges. Our ability to manage the growth of
our operations will require us to continue to improve our management information systems and our other internal systems and controls. In addition, our growth will increase our need to attract,
develop, motivate, and retain both our management and professional employees. The inability to effectively manage our growth or the inability of our employees to achieve anticipated performance could
have a material adverse effect on our business.   

Our backlog is subject to cancellation, unexpected adjustments and economic conditions, and is an uncertain
indicator of future operating results.     

                Our backlog at October 2, 2016 was $2.4 billion, an increase of $477 million, or 25% compared to the end of fiscal 2015.
We include in backlog only those contracts for which funding has been provided and work authorizations have been received. We cannot guarantee that the revenue projected in our backlog will be
realized or, if realized, will result in profits. In addition, project cancellations or scope adjustments may occur, from time to time, with respect to contracts reflected in our backlog. For example,
certain of our contracts with the U.S. federal government and other clients are terminable at the discretion of the client, with or without cause. These types of backlog reductions could adversely
affect our revenue and margins. As a result of these factors, our backlog as of any particular date is an uncertain indicator of our future earnings.   

  35  

Table of Contents   

Cyber security breaches of our systems and information technology could adversely impact our ability to
operate.     

                We develop, install and maintain information technology systems for ourselves, as well as for customers. Client contracts for the performance
of information technology services, as well as various privacy and securities laws, require us to manage and protect sensitive and confidential information, including federal and other government
information, from disclosure. We also need to protect our own internal trade secrets and other business confidential information from disclosure. We face the threat to our computer systems of
unauthorized access, computer hackers, computer viruses, malicious code, organized cyber-attacks and other security problems and system disruptions, including possible unauthorized access to our and
our clients' proprietary or classified information. We rely on industry-accepted security measures and technology to securely maintain all confidential and proprietary information on our information
systems. We have devoted and will continue to devote significant resources to the security of our computer systems, but they may still be vulnerable to these threats. A user who circumvents security
measures could misappropriate confidential or proprietary information, including information regarding us, our personnel and/or our clients, or cause interruptions or malfunctions in operations. As a
result, we may be required to expend significant resources to protect against the threat of these system disruptions and security breaches or to alleviate problems caused by these disruptions and
breaches. Any of these events could damage our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.   

If our business partners fail to perform their contractual obligations on a project, we could be exposed to
legal liability, loss of reputation and profit reduction or loss on the project.     

We routinely enter into subcontracts and, occasionally, joint ventures, teaming arrangements, and other contractual arrangements so that we can
jointly bid and perform on a particular project. Success under these arrangements depends in large part on whether our business partners fulfill their contractual obligations satisfactorily. In
addition, when we operate through a joint venture in which we are a minority holder, we have limited control over many project decisions, including decisions related to the joint venture's internal
controls, which may not be subject to the same internal control procedures that we employ. If these unaffiliated third parties do not fulfill their contract obligations, the partnerships or joint
ventures may be unable to adequately perform and deliver their contracted services. Under these circumstances, we may be obligated to pay financial penalties, provide additional services to ensure the
adequate performance and delivery of the contracted services, and may be jointly and severally liable for the other's actions or contract performance. These additional obligations could result in
reduced profits and revenues or, in some cases, significant losses for us with respect to the joint venture, which could also affect our reputation in the industries we serve.   

If our contractors and subcontractors fail to satisfy their obligations to us or other parties, or if we are
unable to maintain these relationships, our revenue, profitability, and growth prospects could be adversely affected.     

We depend on contractors and subcontractors in conducting our business. There is a risk that we may have disputes with our subcontractors
arising from, among other things, the quality and timeliness of work performed by the subcontractor, client concerns about the subcontractor, or our failure to extend existing task orders or issue new
task orders under a subcontract. In addition, if a subcontractor fails to deliver on a timely basis the agreed-upon supplies, fails to perform the agreed-upon services, or goes out of business, then
we may be required to purchase the services or supplies from another source at a higher price, and our ability to fulfill our obligations as a prime contractor may be jeopardized. This may reduce the
profit to be realized or result in a loss on a project for which the services or supplies are needed.   

  36  

Table of Contents   

                We
also rely on relationships with other contractors when we act as their subcontractor or joint venture partner. The absence of qualified subcontractors with which we have a
satisfactory relationship could adversely affect the quality of our service and our ability to perform under some of our contracts. Our
future revenue and growth prospects could be adversely affected if other contractors eliminate or reduce their subcontracts or teaming arrangement relationships with us, or if a government agency
terminates or reduces these other contractors' programs, does not award them new contracts, or refuses to pay under a contract.   

Our failure to meet contractual schedule or performance requirements that we have guaranteed could adversely
affect our operating results     .      

                In certain circumstances, we can incur liquidated or other damages if we do not achieve project completion by a scheduled date. If we or an
entity for which we have provided a guarantee subsequently fails to complete the project as scheduled and the matter cannot be satisfactorily resolved with the client, we may be responsible for cost
impacts to the client resulting from any delay or the cost to complete the project. Our costs generally increase from schedule delays and/or could exceed our projections for a particular project. In
addition, project performance can be affected by a number of factors beyond our control, including unavoidable delays from governmental inaction, public opposition, inability to obtain financing,
weather conditions, unavailability of vendor materials, changes in the project scope of services requested by our clients, industrial accidents, environmental hazards, labor disruptions and other
factors. As a result, material performance problems for existing and future contracts could cause actual results of operations to differ from those anticipated by us and also could cause us to suffer
damage to our reputation within our industry and client base.   

New legal requirements could adversely affect our operating results     .      

                Our business and results of operations could be adversely affected by U.S. health care reform, climate change, defense, environmental and
infrastructure industry specific and other legislation and regulations. We are continually assessing the impact that health care reform could have on our employer-sponsored medical plans. Growing
concerns about climate change may result in the imposition of additional environmental regulations. For example, legislation, international protocols, regulation or other restrictions on emissions
could increase the costs of projects for our clients or, in some cases, prevent a project from going forward, thereby potentially reducing the need for our services. In addition, relaxation or repeal
of laws and regulations, or changes in governmental policies regarding environmental, defense, infrastructure or other industries we serve could result in a decline in demand for our services, which
could in turn negatively impact our revenues. We cannot predict when or whether any of these various proposals may be enacted or what their effect will be on us or on our customers.   

Changes in resource management, environmental, or infrastructure industry laws, regulations, and programs
could directly or indirectly reduce the demand for our services, which could in turn negatively impact our revenue.     

                Some of our services are directly or indirectly impacted by changes in U.S. federal, state, local or foreign laws and regulations pertaining to
the resource management, environmental, and infrastructure industries. Accordingly, a relaxation or repeal of these laws and regulations, or changes in governmental policies regarding the funding,
implementation or enforcement of these programs, could result in a decline in demand for our services, which could in turn negatively impact our revenue.   

Changes in capital markets could adversely affect our access to capital and negatively impact our business.     

                Our results could be adversely affected by an inability to access the revolving credit facility under our credit agreement. Unfavorable
financial or economic conditions could impact certain lenders'   

  37  

Table of Contents   

  willingness
or ability to fund our revolving credit facility. In addition, increases in interest rates or credit spreads, volatility in financial markets or the interest rate environment, significant
political or economic events, defaults of significant issuers, and other market and economic factors, may negatively impact the general level of debt issuance, the debt issuance plans of certain
categories of borrowers, the types of credit-sensitive products being offered, and/or a sustained period of market decline or weakness could have a material adverse effect on us.   

Restrictive covenants in our credit agreement may restrict our ability to pursue certain business strategies.     

                Our credit agreement limits or restricts our ability to, among other things:  

incur additional indebtedness;   
            create liens securing debt or other encumbrances on our assets;   
            make loans or advances;   
            pay dividends or make distributions to our stockholders;   
            purchase or redeem our stock;   
            repay indebtedness that is junior to indebtedness under our credit agreement;   
            acquire the assets of, or merge or consolidate with, other companies; and   
            sell, lease, or otherwise dispose of assets.    

Our
credit agreement also requires that we maintain certain financial ratios, which we may not be able to achieve. The covenants may impair our ability to finance future operations or
capital needs or to engage in other favorable business activities.   

Our industry is highly competitive and we may be unable to compete effectively, which could result in reduced
revenue, profitability and market share.     

                We are engaged in a highly competitive business. The markets we serve are highly fragmented and we compete with a large number of regional,
national and international companies. Certain of these competitors have greater financial and other resources than we do. Others are smaller and more specialized, and concentrate their resources in
particular areas of expertise. The extent of our competition varies according to the particular markets and geographic area. In addition, the technical and professional aspects of some of our services
generally do not require large upfront capital expenditures and provide limited barriers against new competitors. The degree and type of competition we face is also influenced by the type and scope of
a particular project. Our clients make competitive determinations based upon qualifications, experience, performance, reputation, technology, customer relationships and ability to provide the relevant
services in a timely, safe and cost-efficient manner. This competitive environment could force us to make price concessions or otherwise reduce prices for our services. If we are unable to maintain
our competitiveness and win bids for future projects, our market share, revenue, and profits will decline.   

  38  

Table of Contents   

Legal proceedings, investigations, and disputes could result in substantial monetary penalties and damages,
especially if such penalties and damages exceed or are excluded from existing insurance coverage.     

                We engage in consulting, engineering, program management, construction management, construction, and technical services that can result in
substantial injury or damages that may expose us to legal proceedings, investigations, and disputes. For example, in the ordinary course of our business, we may be involved in legal disputes regarding
personal injury claims, employee or labor disputes, professional liability claims, and general commercial disputes involving project cost overruns and liquidated damages, as well as other claims. In
addition, in the ordinary course of our business, we frequently make professional judgments and recommendations about environmental and engineering conditions of project sites for our clients, and we
may be deemed to be responsible for these judgments and recommendations if they are later determined to be inaccurate. Any unfavorable legal ruling against us could result in substantial monetary
damages or even criminal violations. We maintain
insurance coverage as part of our overall legal and risk management strategy to minimize our potential liabilities; however, insurance coverage contains exclusions and other limitations that may not
cover our potential liabilities. Generally, our insurance program covers workers' compensation and employer's liability, general liability, automobile liability, professional errors and omissions
liability, property, and contractor's pollution liability (in addition to other policies for specific projects). Our insurance program includes deductibles or self-insured retentions for each covered
claim that may increase over time. In addition, our insurance policies contain exclusions that insurance providers may use to deny or restrict coverage. Excess liability and professional liability
insurance policies provide for coverage on a "claims-made" basis, covering only claims actually made and reported during the policy period currently in effect. If we sustain liabilities that exceed or
that are excluded from our insurance coverage, or for which we are not insured, it could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition.   

Unavailability or cancellation of third-party insurance coverage would increase our overall risk exposure as
well as disrupt the management of our business operations.     

                We maintain insurance coverage from third-party insurers as part of our overall risk management strategy and because some of our contracts
require us to maintain specific insurance coverage limits. If any of our third-party insurers fail, suddenly cancel our coverage, or otherwise are unable to provide us with adequate insurance
coverage, then our overall risk exposure and our operational expenses would increase and the management of our business operations would be disrupted. In addition, there can be no assurance that any
of our existing insurance coverage will be renewable upon the expiration of the coverage period or that future coverage will be affordable at the required limits.   

Our inability to obtain adequate bonding could have a material adverse effect on our future revenue and
business prospects.     

                Certain clients require bid bonds, and performance and payment bonds. These bonds indemnify the client should we fail to perform our
obligations under a contract. If a bond is required for a particular project and we are unable to obtain an appropriate bond, we cannot pursue that project. In some instances, we are required to
co-venture with a small or disadvantaged business to pursue certain U.S. federal or state government contracts. In connection with these ventures, we are sometimes required to utilize our bonding
capacity to cover all of the payment and performance obligations under the contract with the client. We have a bonding facility but, as is typically the case, the issuance of bonds under that facility
is at the surety's sole discretion. Moreover, due to events that can negatively affect the insurance and bonding markets, bonding may be more difficult to obtain or may only be available at
significant additional cost. There can be no assurance that bonds will continue to be available to us on reasonable terms. Our inability to obtain adequate bonding and, as a result, to bid on new work
could have a material adverse effect on our future revenue and business prospects.   

  39  

Table of Contents   

Employee, agent, or partner misconduct, or our failure to comply with anti-bribery and other laws or
regulations, could harm our reputation, reduce our revenue and profits, and subject us to criminal and civil enforcement actions.     

                Misconduct, fraud, non-compliance with applicable laws and regulations, or other improper activities by one of our employees, agents, or
partners could have a significant negative impact on our business and reputation. Such misconduct could include the failure to comply with government procurement regulations, regulations regarding the
protection of classified information, regulations prohibiting bribery and other foreign corrupt practices, regulations regarding the pricing of labor and other costs in government contracts,
regulations on lobbying or similar activities, regulations pertaining to the internal controls over financial reporting, environmental laws, and any other applicable laws or regulations. For example,
as previously noted, the FCPA and similar anti-bribery laws in other jurisdictions generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to non-U.S. officials for the
purpose of obtaining or retaining business. Our policies mandate compliance with these regulations and laws, and we take precautions to prevent and detect misconduct. However, since our internal
controls are subject to inherent limitations, including human error, it is possible that these controls could be intentionally circumvented or become inadequate because of changed conditions. As a
result, we cannot assure that our controls will protect us from reckless or criminal acts committed by our employees or agents. Our failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, or acts of
misconduct could subject us to fines and penalties, loss of security clearances, and suspension or debarment from contracting, any or all of which could harm our reputation, reduce our revenue and
profits, and subject us to criminal and civil enforcement actions.   

Our business activities may require our employees to travel to and work in countries where there are high
security risks, which may result in employee death or injury, repatriation costs or other unforeseen costs.     

Certain of our contracts may require our employees travel to and work in high-risk countries that are undergoing political, social, and
economic upheavals resulting from war, civil unrest, criminal activity, acts of terrorism, or public health crises. For example, we currently have employees working in high security risk countries
such as Afghanistan and Iraq. As a result, we risk loss of or injury to our employees and may be subject to costs related to employee death or injury, repatriation, or other unforeseen circumstances.
We may choose or be forced to leave a country with little or no warning due to physical security risks.   

Our failure to implement and comply with our safety program could adversely affect our operating results or
financial condition.     

                Our project sites often put our employees and others in close proximity with mechanized equipment, moving vehicles, chemical and manufacturing
processes, and highly regulated materials. On some project sites, we may be responsible for safety, and, accordingly, we have an obligation to implement effective safety procedures. Our safety program
is a fundamental element of our overall approach to risk management, and the implementation of the safety program is a significant issue in our dealings with our clients. We maintain an
enterprise-wide group of health and safety professionals to help ensure that the services we provide are delivered safely and in accordance with standard work processes. Unsafe job sites and office
environments have the potential to increase employee turnover, increase the cost of a project to our clients, expose us to types and levels of risk that are fundamentally unacceptable, and raise our
operating costs. The implementation of our safety processes and procedures are monitored by various agencies, including the U.S. Mine Safety and Health Administration, and rating bureaus, and may be
evaluated by certain clients in cases in which safety requirements have been established in our contracts. Our failure to meet these requirements or our failure to properly implement and comply with
our safety program could result in reduced profitability, the loss of projects or clients, or potential litigation, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, or
financial condition.   

  40  

Table of Contents    

We may be precluded from providing certain services due to conflict of interest issues.     

Many of our clients are concerned about potential or actual conflicts of interest in retaining management consultants. U.S. federal government
agencies have formal policies against continuing or awarding contracts that would create actual or potential conflicts of interest with other activities of a contractor. These policies, among other
things, may prevent us from bidding for or performing government contracts resulting from or relating to certain work we have performed. In addition, services performed for a commercial or government
client may create a conflict of interest
that precludes or limits our ability to obtain work from other public or private organizations. We have, on occasion, declined to bid on projects due to conflict of interest issues.   

If our reports and opinions are not in compliance with professional standards and other regulations, we could
be subject to monetary damages and penalties.     

                We issue reports and opinions to clients based on our professional engineering expertise, as well as our other professional credentials. Our
reports and opinions may need to comply with professional standards, licensing requirements, securities regulations, and other laws and rules governing the performance of professional services in the
jurisdiction in which the services are performed. In addition, we could be liable to third parties who use or rely upon our reports or opinions even if we are not contractually bound to those third
parties. For example, if we deliver an inaccurate report or one that is not in compliance with the relevant standards, and that report is made available to a third party, we could be subject to
third-party liability, resulting in monetary damages and penalties.   

We may be subject to liabilities under environmental laws and regulations.     

                Our services are subject to numerous U.S. and international environmental protection laws and regulations that are complex and stringent. For
example, we must comply with a number of U.S. federal government laws that strictly regulate the handling, removal, treatment, transportation, and disposal of toxic and hazardous substances. Under the
Comprehensive Environmental Response Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, as amended ("CERCLA"), and comparable state laws, we may be required to investigate and remediate regulated hazardous
materials. CERCLA and comparable state laws typically impose strict, joint and several liabilities without regard to whether a company knew of or caused the release of hazardous substances. The
liability for the entire cost of clean-up could be imposed upon any responsible party. Other principal U.S. federal environmental, health, and safety laws affecting us include, but are not limited to,
the Resource Conversation and Recovery Act, National Environmental Policy Act, the Clean Air Act, the Occupational Safety and Health Act, the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977 (the "Mine
Act"), the Toxic Substances Control Act, and the Superfund Amendments and Reauthorization Act. Our business operations may also be subject to similar state and international laws relating to
environmental protection. Further, past business practices at companies that we have acquired may also expose us to future unknown environmental liabilities. Liabilities related to environmental
contamination or human exposure to hazardous substances, or a failure to comply with applicable regulations, could result in substantial costs to us, including clean-up costs, fines, civil or criminal
sanctions, and third-party claims for property damage or personal injury or cessation of remediation activities. Our continuing work in the areas governed by these laws and regulations exposes us to
the risk of substantial liability.   

Force majeure events, including natural disasters and terrorist actions, could negatively impact the
economies in which we operate or disrupt our operations, which may affect our financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows.     

                Force majeure or extraordinary events beyond the control of the contracting parties, such as natural and man-made disasters, as well as
terrorist actions, could negatively impact the economies in   

  41  

Table of Contents   

  which
we operate by causing the closure of offices, interrupting projects, and forcing the relocation of employees. We typically remain obligated to perform our services after a terrorist action or
natural disaster unless the contract contains a force majeure clause that relieves us of our contractual obligations in such an extraordinary event. If we are not able to react quickly to force
majeure, our operations may be affected significantly, which would have a negative impact on our financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows.   

We have only a limited ability to protect our intellectual property rights, and our failure to protect our
intellectual property rights could adversely affect our competitive position.     

                Our success depends, in part, upon our ability to protect our proprietary information and other intellectual property. We rely principally on
trade secrets to protect much of our intellectual property where we do not believe that patent or copyright protection is appropriate or obtainable. However, trade secrets are difficult to protect.
Although our employees are subject to confidentiality obligations, this protection may be inadequate to deter or prevent misappropriation of our confidential information. In addition, we may be unable
to detect unauthorized use of our intellectual property or otherwise take appropriate steps to enforce our rights. Failure to obtain or maintain trade secret protection could adversely affect our
competitive business position. In addition, if we are unable to prevent third parties from infringing or misappropriating our trademarks or other proprietary information, our competitive position
could be adversely affected.   

Systems and information technology interruption could adversely impact our ability to operate.     

                We rely heavily on computer, information, and communications technology and systems to operate. From time to time, we experience system
interruptions and delays. If we are unable to effectively deploy software and hardware, upgrade our systems and network infrastructure, and take steps to improve and protect our systems, systems
operations could be interrupted or delayed.   

                Our
computer and communications systems and operations could be damaged or interrupted by natural disasters, telecommunications failures, acts of war or terrorism, and similar events or
disruptions. In addition, we face the threat of unauthorized system access, computer hackers, computer viruses, malicious code, organized cyber-attacks, and other security breaches and system
disruptions. We devote significant resources to the security of our computer systems, but they may still be vulnerable to threats. Anyone who circumvents security measures could misappropriate
proprietary information or cause interruptions or malfunctions in system operations. As a result, we may be required to expend significant resources to protect against the threat of system disruptions
and security breaches, or to alleviate problems caused by disruptions and breaches.   

                Any
of these or other events could cause system interruption, delays, and loss of critical data that could delay or prevent operations, and could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows, and could negatively impact our clients.   

Our stock price could become more volatile and stockholders' investments could lose value.     

In addition to the macroeconomic factors that have affected the prices of many securities generally, all of the factors discussed in this
section could affect our stock price. Our common stock has previously experienced substantial price volatility. In addition, the stock market has experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that
have affected the market price of many companies, and that have often been unrelated to the operating performance of these companies. The overall market and the price of our   

  42  

Table of Contents   

  common
stock may fluctuate greatly. The trading price of our common stock may be significantly affected by various factors, including:  

quarter-to-quarter variations in our financial results, including revenue, profits, days sales outstanding, backlog, and other measures of
financial performance or financial condition, which may be affected by the following:  
            loss of key employees;   
            the number and significance of client contracts commenced and completed during a quarter;   
            creditworthiness and solvency of clients;   
            the ability of our clients to terminate contracts without penalties;   
            general economic or political conditions;   
            unanticipated changes in contract performance that may affect profitability, particularly with contracts that are fixed-price or have funding
limits;   
            contract negotiations on change orders, requests for equitable adjustment, and collections of related billed and unbilled accounts receivable;    
            seasonality of the spending cycle of our public sector clients, notably the U.S. federal government, the spending patterns of our commercial
sector clients, and weather conditions;   
            budget constraints experienced by our U.S. federal, and state and local government clients;   
            integration of acquired companies;   
            changes in contingent consideration related to acquisition earn-outs;   
            divestiture or discontinuance of operating units;   
            employee hiring, utilization and turnover rates;   
            delays incurred in connection with a contract;   
            the size, scope and payment terms of contracts;   
            the timing of expenses incurred for corporate initiatives;   
            reductions in the prices of services offered by our competitors;   
            threatened or pending litigation;   
            legislative and regulatory enforcement policy changes that may affect demand for our services;   
            the impairment of goodwill or identifiable intangible assets;   
            the fluctuation of a foreign currency exchange rate;    
 
  43  

Table of Contents   

stock-based compensation expense;   
            actual events, circumstances, outcomes, and amounts differing from judgments, assumptions, and estimates used in determining the value of
certain assets (including the amounts of related valuation allowances), liabilities, and other items reflected in our consolidated financial statements;   
            success in executing our strategy and operating plans;   
            changes in tax laws or regulations or accounting rules;   
            results of income tax examinations;   
            the timing of announcements in the public markets regarding new services or potential problems with the performance of services by us or our
competitors, or any other material announcements;   
            speculation in the media and analyst community, changes in recommendations or earnings estimates by financial analysts, changes in investors'
or analysts' valuation measures for our stock, and market trends unrelated to our stock;   
            our announcements concerning the payment of dividends or the repurchase of our shares;   
            resolution of threatened or pending litigation;   
            changes in investors' and analysts' perceptions of our business or any of our competitors' businesses;    
            changes in environmental legislation;   
            broader market fluctuations; and   
            general economic or political conditions.    

Volatility
in the financial markets could cause a decline in our stock price, which could trigger an impairment of the goodwill of individual reporting units that could be material to
our consolidated financial statements. A significant drop in the price of our stock could also expose us to the risk of securities class action lawsuits, which could result in substantial costs and
divert management's attention and resources, which could adversely affect our business. Additionally, volatility or a lack of positive performance in our stock price may adversely affect our ability
to retain key employees, many of whom are awarded equity securities, the value of which is dependent on the performance of our stock price.   

Delaware law and our charter documents may impede or discourage a merger, takeover, or other business
combination even if the business combination would have been in the best interests of our stockholders.     

We are a Delaware corporation and the anti-takeover provisions of Delaware law impose various impediments to the ability of a third party to
acquire control of us, even if a change in control would be beneficial to our stockholders. In addition, our Board of Directors has the power, without stockholder approval, to designate the terms of
one or more series of preferred stock and issue shares of preferred stock, which could be used defensively if a takeover is threatened. Our incorporation under Delaware law, the ability of our Board
of Directors to create and issue a new series of preferred stock, and provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, such as those relating to advance notice of certain stockholder   

  44  

Table of Contents   

  proposals
and nominations, could impede a merger, takeover, or other business combination involving us, or discourage a potential acquirer from making a tender offer for our common stock, even if the
business combination would have been in the best interests of our current stockholders.    

Item 1B    Unresolved Staff Comments          

                None.    

Item 2.    Properties          

                At fiscal 2016 year-end, we owned three facilities located in the United States and leased approximately 350 operating facilities in
domestic and foreign locations. Our significant lease agreements expire at various dates through 2025. We believe that our current facilities are adequate for
the operation of our business, and that suitable additional space in various local markets is available to accommodate any needs that may arise.   

                The
following table summarizes our ten most significant leased properties by location based on annual rental expenses (listed alphabetically):   

Location    
     
   Description    
     
   Reportable Segment    

Pasadena, CA  
     
  Corporate Headquarters  
     
  Corporate  

Adelaide, South Australia, Australia  
     
  Office Building  
     
  RME  

Arlington, VA  
     
  Office Building  
     
  WEI  

Bellevue, WA  
     
  Office Building  
     
  WEI  

Fairfax, VA  
     
  Office Building  
     
  WEI  

London, United Kingdom  
     
  Office Building  
     
  RME  

New York, NY  
     
  Office Building  
     
  WEI / RME  

Perth, Western Australia, Australia  
     
  Office Building  
     
  RME  

Pittsburgh, PA  
     
  Office Building  
     
  WEI / RME  

Sydney, New South Wales, Australia  
     
  Office Building  
     
  RME  

Item 3.    Legal Proceedings          

                For a description of our material pending legal and regulatory proceedings and settlements, see Note 18, "Commitments and Contingencies"
of the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" included in Item 8.    

Item 4.    Mine Safety Disclosures          

                Section 1503 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the "Dodd-Frank Act") requires domestic mine operators to
disclose violations and orders issued under the Mine Act by the U.S. Mine Safety and Health Administration. We do not act as the owner of any mines, but we may act as a mining operator as defined
under the Mine Act where we may be an independent contractor performing services or construction at such mine. Information concerning mine safety violations or other regulatory matters required by
Section 1503(a) of the Dodd-Frank Act and Item 104 of Regulation S-K is included in Exhibit 95.   

  45  

Table of Contents   

PART II            

Item 5.    Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities          

Market Information             

                Our common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol TTEK. There were 1,484 stockholders of record at
November 7, 2016. The high and low sales prices per share for the common stock for the last two fiscal years, as reported by the NASDAQ Global Select Market, are set forth in the following
tables.   

Dividends             

                During fiscal 2016, we declared and paid dividends totaling $0.34 per share ($0.08 for the first and second quarters and $0.09 for the third
and fourth quarters) of our common stock. In fiscal 2015, we paid dividends totaling $0.30 per share ($0.07 for the first and second quarters, and $0.08 for the third and fourth quarters) of our
common stock. We currently intend to continue paying dividends on a quarterly basis, although the declaration of any future dividends will be determined by our Board of Directors and will depend on
available cash, estimated cash needs, earnings, and capital requirements, as well as limitations in our long-term debt agreements.   

                  Subsequent Event.       On November 7, 2016, the Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash
dividend of $0.09 per share payable on
December 14, 2016 to stockholders of record as of the close of business on December 1, 2016.   

Stock-Based Compensation             

                For information regarding our stock-based compensation, see Note 11, "Stockholders' Equity and Stock Compensation Plans" of the "Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements" included in Item 8.   

Performance Graph             

                The following graph shows a comparison of our cumulative total returns with those of the NASDAQ Market Index and the S P 1500
Construction and Engineering Index. The graph assumes that the value of an investment in our common stock and in each such index was $100 on October 2, 2011, and that all dividends have been
reinvested. During fiscal 2016, we declared and paid dividends in the first and second quarters totaling $0.16 per share ($0.08 each quarter) on our common stock and paid dividends in   

  46  

Table of Contents   

  the
third and fourth quarters totaling $0.18 per share ($0.09 each quarter) on our common stock. We declared and paid dividends totaling $0.30 and $0.14 per share in fiscal 2015 and 2014,
respectively. We did not pay any dividends prior to fiscal 2014. Our self-selected Peer Group Index is the S P 1500 Construction and Engineering Index. The comparison in the graph below is
based on historical data and is not intended to forecast the possible future performance of our common stock.   

ASSUMES $100 INVESTED ON OCTOBER 02, 2011 
ASSUMES DIVIDEND REINVESTED 
FISCAL YEAR ENDED OCTOBER 02, 2016   

The
performance graph above and related text are being furnished solely to accompany this annual report on Form 10-K pursuant to Item 201(e) of Regulation S-K, and
are not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and are not to be incorporated by reference into any of our filings with the SEC, whether made
before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing.   

Stock Repurchase Program             

                In June 2013, our Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program under which we could repurchase up to $100 million of our
common stock. In February 2014, the Board amended this repurchase program to authorize the repurchase of up to $30 million in open market purchases through September 2014, revised the pricing
parameters and extended the program through fiscal 2014. Stock repurchases could be made on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions with third parties. From the inception of this
repurchase program through September 28, 2014, we repurchased through open market purchases a total of 3.9 million shares at an average price of $25.59 per share, for a total cost of
$100 million. On November 10, 2014, the Board authorized a new stock repurchase program under which we could repurchase up to $200 million of our common stock over the next two
years. As of October 2, 2016, we repurchased through open market purchases a total of 7.4 million shares at an average price of $26.91, for a total cost of $200 million under this
repurchase program. These shares were repurchased   

  47  

Table of Contents   

  during
the period from November 24, 2014 through October 2, 2016. A summary of the repurchase activity for the 3 months ended October 2, 2016 is as follows:   

Subsequent Event.       On November 7, 2016, our Board of Directors authorized a new stock
repurchase program under which we could repurchase up to
$200 million of our common stock.    

Item 6.    Selected Financial Data          

The following selected financial data was derived from our audited consolidated financial statements. The selected financial data presented
below should be read in conjunction with the information contained in Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations," and our consolidated
financial statements and the notes thereto contained in Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data," of this report.   

Item 7.    Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations          

                The following analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with Part I of this report, as
well as our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes in Item 8. The following analysis contains forward-looking statements about our future results of operations and
expectations. Our actual results and the timing of events could differ materially from those described herein. See Part 1, Item 1A, "Risk Factors" for a discussion of the risks,
assumptions, and uncertainties affecting these statements.   

  48  

Table of Contents   

OVERVIEW OF RESULTS AND BUSINESS TRENDS            

                  General.       On an overall basis, our fiscal 2016 operating results reflected a significant improvement
compared to fiscal 2015. Our revenue growth
resulted from broad-based contract wins across our end markets, and was led by growth in U.S. federal government, U.S. state and local government, and U.S. commercial activities in waste management
and environmental remediation. In fiscal 2016, we completed acquisitions that had a material impact on our financial results. On January 18, 2016, we acquired Coffey, headquartered in Sydney,
Australia. Coffey had approximately 3,300 staff delivering technical and engineering solutions in international development and geoscience. Coffey significantly expands our geographic presence,
particularly in Australia and Asia Pacific, and is part of our RME segment. In addition to Australia, Coffey's international development business has operations supporting federal government agencies
in the U.S. and the United Kingdom. In the second quarter of fiscal 2016, we also acquired INDUS, headquartered in Vienna, Virginia. INDUS is a technology solutions firm focused on water data
analytics, geospatial analysis, secure infrastructure, and software applications management for U.S. federal government customers, and is included in our WEI segment. We report results of operations
based on 52 or 53-week periods ending on the Sunday nearest September 30. Fiscal years 2016, 2015 and 2014 contained 53, 52 and 52 weeks, respectively.   

                In
fiscal 2016, our revenue increased 12.4% compared to fiscal 2015. The fiscal 2016 acquisitions contributed revenue of $320.6 million in fiscal 2016 since their respective
acquisition dates. Excluding these contributions, our revenue decreased 1.6% in fiscal 2016 compared to last year. This decline primarily resulted from adverse foreign exchange rate fluctuations as
the U.S. dollar was stronger on average in fiscal 2016 versus fiscal 2015 against most of the foreign currencies in which we conduct our international business, particularly the Canadian dollar. In
addition, the revenue decline reflects a reduction in construction activities compared to last year, which resulted from our decision in fiscal 2014 to exit from select fixed-price construction
markets in which RCM operated. On a constant currency basis, revenue from our ongoing business in fiscal 2016, excluding RCM and the fiscal 2016 acquisitions, increased 1.8% compared to fiscal 2015.   

                  International.       Our international business increased 28.3% in fiscal 2016 compared to the same
period last year. This growth was primarily due to
Coffey, which contributed international revenue of $211.6 million in fiscal 2016 from the acquisition date. Excluding this contribution but including the adverse impact of foreign exchange rate
fluctuations, our international business decreased 9.2% in fiscal 2016 compared to last year. Excluding the impact of foreign exchange, our ongoing international business declined 2.1% compared to
fiscal 2015, which reflects the commodity-driven slow-down in economic activity in Canada. We anticipate increased international revenue in fiscal 2017. However, if
commodity prices remain low or decrease further, our international business could be negatively impacted.   

                  U.S. Commercial.       Our U.S. commercial business increased 3.7% in fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal
2015. This growth primarily reflects increased waste
management and environmental remediation activities that were partially offset by reduced work for oil and gas clients. We expect our U.S. commercial revenue to be stable in fiscal 2017.   

                  U.S. Federal Government.       Our U.S. federal government business increased 10.5% in fiscal 2016
compared to fiscal 2015. Excluding the contributions
from the fiscal 2016 acquisitions, our U.S. federal government business decreased 4.7% in fiscal 2016 compared to last year, partially due to the reduction in fixed-price construction activities in
the RCM segment. Excluding these activities and the contributions from the fiscal 2016 acquisitions, our U.S. federal government revenue was flat in fiscal 2016 compared to last year. We experienced
increased activity on civilian federal projects, which offset reduced activity on DoD projects. During periods of economic volatility, our U.S. federal government clients have historically been the
most stable and predictable. We anticipate growth in U.S. federal revenue in fiscal 2017.   

  49  

Table of Contents   

U.S. State and Local Government.       Our U.S. state and local government business increased 7.9% in
fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015. We experienced
this increase despite the impact of the aforementioned reduction in certain construction activities, especially those related to state transportation projects in the RCM segment. Excluding these
activities, our U.S. state and local government revenue increased 10.8% in fiscal 2016 compared to last year. Many state and local government agencies are experiencing improved financial conditions
that enable them to address major long-term infrastructure requirements, including the need for maintenance, repair, and upgrading of existing critical infrastructure and the need to build new
facilities. As a result, we experienced broad-based growth in our U.S. state and local government project-related infrastructure revenue. We expect our U.S. state and local government business to show
growth during fiscal 2017.   

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS            

Fiscal 2016 Compared to Fiscal 2015            

Consolidated Results of Operations      

(1)     We
believe that the presentation of "Revenue, net of subcontractor costs", which is a non-GAAP financial measure, enhances investors' ability to
analyze our business trends and performance because it substantially measures the work performed by our employees. In the course of providing services, we routinely subcontract various services and,
under certain USAID programs, issue grants. Generally, these subcontractor costs and grants are passed through to our clients and, in accordance with GAAP and industry practice, are included in our
revenue when it is our contractual responsibility to procure or manage these activities. Because subcontractor services can vary significantly from project to project and period to period, changes in
revenue may not necessarily be indicative of our business trends. Accordingly, we segregate subcontractor costs from revenue to promote a    

50  

Table of Contents   

better
understanding of our business by evaluating revenue exclusive of costs associated with external service providers.    

  NM =
not meaningful   

The
following table reconciles our reported results to non-GAAP ongoing results, which exclude the RCM results, certain purchase accounting-related adjustments, and the impact of
changes in foreign exchange translation rates in fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015. Ongoing results also exclude Coffey-related acquisition and integration expenses, and debt pre-payment fees in
fiscal 2016. Additionally, ongoing diluted earnings per share ("EPS") for fiscal 2016 excludes the benefit of the retroactive extension of the research and development ("R D") credits described below.
The effective tax rate applied to the adjustments to EPS to arrive at ongoing EPS averaged 25% and 8% in fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015, respectively. We apply the relevant marginal statutory tax rate
based on the nature of the adjustments and the tax jurisdiction in which they occur. These average rates are lower than our overall effective tax rates due to certain acquisition and integration
expenses incurred in fiscal 2016 and most of the impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets in fiscal 2015, which had no tax benefit. Both EPS and ongoing EPS were calculated using diluted
weighted-average common shares outstanding for the respective periods as reflected in our consolidated statements of income.   

51  

Table of Contents   

                In
fiscal 2016, revenue and revenue, net of subcontractor costs, increased $284.1 million, or 12.4%, and $210.5 million, or 12.2%, respectively, compared to fiscal 2015.
These results include the above-described fluctuation in foreign exchange rates and the reduction in certain construction activities compared to last year. Revenue declines caused by foreign exchange
rate fluctuations resulted from a stronger U.S. dollar versus most of the foreign currencies in which we conduct our international business, particularly the Canadian dollar. These fluctuations
negatively impacted revenue and revenue, net of subcontractor costs, by $40.7 million and $37.7 million, respectively, in fiscal 2016 compared to last year. Revenue and revenue, net of
subcontractor costs, from the exited construction activities, which are reported in the RCM segment, declined $34.4 million and $6.0 million, respectively, in fiscal 2016 compared to
fiscal 2015.   

                Our
ongoing revenue and revenue, net of subcontractor costs, increased 16.2% and 15.0%, respectively, in fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015. These increases reflect combined revenue
and revenue, net of subcontractor costs, of $320.6 million and $233.1 million, respectively, in fiscal 2016 from the fiscal 2016 acquisitions since their respective acquisition dates in
the second quarter of fiscal 2016. Excluding these
contributions, our ongoing revenue and revenue, net of subcontractor costs, increased 1.8% and 1.2%, respectively, in fiscal 2016 compared to last year. These results reflect increased commercial and
state and local government activity in our ongoing U.S. operations. On a combined basis, commercial and state and local government revenue and revenue, net of subcontractor costs in our ongoing U.S.
operations increased $52.5 million and $34.1 million, respectively, in fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015, primarily due to increased waste management, environmental remediation, and
infrastructure activities. However, these increases were offset by a decline in our international activities that was caused primarily by the commodity-driven slowdown in economic activity in Canada.   

                Our
operating income increased $48.2 million in fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015. Our operating income in 2016 was reduced by Coffey-related acquisition and integration
expenses of $19.5 million. For further detailed information regarding these expenses, see "Fiscal 2016 Acquisition and Integration Expenses" below. In addition, losses of $2.8 million
resulting from changes in the estimated fair value of contingent earn-out liabilities reduced our operating income in fiscal 2016. These earn-out losses compare to a gain of $3.1 million in
fiscal 2015 and are described below under "Fiscal 2016 and 2015 Earn-Out Adjustments." Further, we recognized a non-cash goodwill and other intangible asset impairment charge of $60.8 million
in fiscal 2015 related to our GMP reporting unit, which is described below under "Fiscal 2015 Impairment of Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets." The aforementioned year-over-year foreign exchange
rate fluctuations reduced operating income by $1.9 million in fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015. The loss from exited construction activities in our RCM segment was $11.8 million in
fiscal 2016 compared to $8.6 million last year. Our RCM results are described below under "Remediation and Construction Management." Excluding these non-operating items, ongoing operating
income increased $18.1 million, or 11.7%, in fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015.   

                The
increase in our ongoing operating income in fiscal 2016 primarily reflects improved results in our RME segment compared to last year. On a constant currency basis, RME's ongoing
operating income increased $21.1 million in fiscal 2016 compared to last year. This increase includes operating income of $12.5 million from Coffey since the acquisition date. Our RME
results are described below under "Resource Management and Energy." The higher operating income in the RME segment was partially offset by intangible amortization, which increased by
$1.9 million in fiscal 2016 compared to last year.   

                Interest
expense, net was $11.4 million in fiscal 2016, compared to $7.4 million in the same period last year. Interest expense in fiscal 2016 includes Coffey-related debt
pre-payment fees of $1.9 million that were incurred in the second quarter. The remaining increase in interest expense reflects additional borrowings to fund the Coffey acquisition.   

  52  

Table of Contents    

Our effective tax rates for fiscal 2016 and 2015 were 32.6% and 51.2%, respectively. In fiscal 2016, we incurred $13.3 million of acquisition and
integration expenses and debt pre-payment fees for which no tax benefit was recognized. Of this amount, $6.4 million resulted from acquisition expenses that were not tax deductible, and
$6.9 million resulted from integration expenses and debt pre-payment fees incurred in jurisdictions with current and historical net operating losses where the related deferred tax asset was
fully reserved. Additionally, during the first quarter of fiscal 2016, the Protecting Americans from Tax Hikes Act of 2015 was signed into law which permanently extended the federal R D credits
retroactive to January 1, 2015. Our income tax expense for fiscal 2016 included a tax benefit of $2.0 million attributable to operating income during the last nine months of fiscal 2015,
primarily related to the retroactive recognition of the R D credits. Our income tax expense for fiscal 2015 included a similar retroactive tax benefit of $1.2 million attributable to operating
income during the last nine months of fiscal 2014. Our effective tax rate in fiscal 2015 also reflected the impact of the
$60.8 million goodwill and intangible asset impairment charge, of which most was not tax deductible. Excluding these items, our effective tax rates for fiscal 2016 and 2015 were 30.9% and
32.5%, respectively. The lower tax rate this year primarily reflects a measurement change in tax positions taken in prior years relating in large part to developments in our ongoing IRS examination
that reduced our effective tax rate by 2.0% in fiscal 2016.   

EPS
was $1.42 in fiscal 2016, compared to $0.64 in fiscal 2015. This comparison reflects the acquisition and integration expenses and debt pre-payment fees of $21.5 million
($19.0 million after tax) in fiscal 2016. These charges reduced EPS by $0.32 per share in fiscal 2016. Additionally, EPS in fiscal 2015 was lower due to the $60.8 million
($57.3 million after-tax) non-cash impairment charge for goodwill and other intangible assets, which reduced EPS by $0.93. The other non-operating items described above (foreign exchange,
earn-out gains/losses, and RCM segment results) also adversely affected the year-over-year EPS comparisons. On the same basis as our ongoing operating income, EPS was $1.88 in fiscal 2016 compared to
$1.61 last year.   

Fiscal 2016 Acquisition and Integration Expenses      

                In fiscal 2016, we incurred Coffey-related acquisition and integration expenses of $19.5 million. The $7.9 million of acquisition
expenses were primarily for professional services, such as legal and investment banking, to support the transaction. Throughout the remainder of fiscal 2016 subsequent to the acquisition date, we
incurred costs of $11.6 million on integration activities, including the elimination of redundant general and administrative costs, real estate consolidation, and conversion of information
technology platforms. As of October 2, 2016, these activities were substantially complete and all of the related costs had been paid.   

Fiscal 2016 and 2015 Earn-Out Adjustments      

                In both fiscal 2016 and 2015, our operating income included significant non-cash adjustments related to our estimated contingent earn-out
liabilities. We review and re-assess the estimated fair value of contingent consideration on a quarterly basis, and the updated fair value could differ materially from the initial estimates. During
fiscal 2016, we increased our contingent earn-out liabilities and reported related losses in operating income of $2.8 million. These losses include a $1.8 million charge that reflected
our updated valuation of the contingent consideration liability for CEG. This valuation included our updated projection of CEG's financial performance during the earn-out period, which exceeded our
original estimate at the acquisition date. The remaining $1.0 million loss represented the final cash settlement of an earn-out liability that was valued at $0 at the end of fiscal 2015.   

                During
fiscal 2015, we recorded a decrease in our contingent earn-out liabilities and reported a related gain in operating income of $3.1 million. This gain resulted from an
updated valuation of the contingent consideration liability for Caber Engineering Inc. ("Caber"). Our assessment of the Caber liability included a review of the status of on-going projects in
Caber's backlog and the inventory of   

  53  

Table of Contents   

  prospective
new contract awards. We also considered the status of the upstream oil and gas industry in Western Canada, particularly in light of the recent decline in oil prices. As a result of this
assessment, we concluded that Caber's operating income in the second year post-acquisition would be lower than our original estimate at the acquisition date and our subsequent estimates through fiscal
2014. We also concluded that Caber's operating income for the second earn-out period, which ended in the first quarter of fiscal 2015, would be lower than the minimum requirement of
C$4.6 million to earn any contingent consideration. Accordingly, in fiscal 2015, we reduced the Caber contingent earn-out liability to $0, which resulted in a gain of $3.1 million. When
we determined that Caber's operating income would be lower than our original estimate at the acquisition date, we also evaluated the related goodwill for potential impairment. We determined that the
lower income projections were the result of temporary events, and did not negatively impact Caber's longer-term performance or result in a goodwill impairment.   

Fiscal 2015 Impairment of Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets      

                In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015, the mining sector continued to contract in response to lower global growth expectations driven in large
part by China's actual and projected slower economic growth. Consistent with this trend, our mining customers continued their curtailment of capital spending for new mining projects. As a result, our
GMP reporting unit experienced a 25% decline in revenue in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015 compared to the same period of fiscal 2014. This negative trend was compared to the expected revenue growth
of approximately 3% in the previous goodwill impairment test, performed as of June 30, 2014. Because of these results, we performed a strategic review of GMP in the fourth quarter of fiscal
2015, and determined that our mining activities would likely decline further in fiscal 2016, and that revenue and profits would not return to acceptable levels of performance in the foreseeable
future. We also decided to redeploy our mining resources into other operational areas that have better growth and profitability prospects. Consequently, as of the first day of fiscal 2016, GMP was no
longer a reporting unit. We considered GMP's financial performance and prospects in our goodwill impairment analysis in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015 and determined that GMP's fair value had
fallen significantly below its carrying value, including goodwill. As required, we performed further analysis to measure the amount of the impairment loss and, as a result, we wrote-off all of GMP's
goodwill and identifiable intangible assets and recorded a related impairment charge of $60.8 million ($57.3 million after-tax) in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015. The related goodwill
and identifiable intangible assets that were determined not to be recoverable totaled $58.1 million and $2.7 million, respectively. We had no goodwill impairment in fiscal 2016.   

Segment Results of Operations      

                In fiscal 2016, we managed our continuing operations under two reportable segments. We report our water resources, water and wastewater
treatment, environment, and infrastructure engineering activities in the WEI reportable segment. Our RME reportable segment includes our oil and gas, energy, international development, waste
management, remediation, and utilities services. In addition, we report the results of the wind-down of our non-core construction activities in the RCM reportable segment.   

  54  

Table of Contents   

Water, Environment and Infrastructure      

Revenue
increased 3.5% and revenue, net of subcontractor costs, decreased 1.3% in fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015. On a constant currency basis, revenue and revenue, net of
subcontractor costs, increased 5.0% and 0.5%, respectively, in fiscal 2016 compared to last year. As described above, foreign exchange rate fluctuations negatively impacted revenue and revenue, net of
subcontractor costs, in the amounts of $15.3 million and $14.0 million, respectively, for fiscal 2016 compared to last year. The increases in revenue and revenue, net of subcontractor
costs, resulted primarily from increased U.S. federal activity and additional work on infrastructure projects for U.S. state and local government clients.   

                Operating
income increased $2.9 million in fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015. Operating margin, based on revenue, net of subcontractor costs, improved to 12.7% in fiscal 2016
from 12.2% last year. This improved profitability primarily reflects the full-year benefit in fiscal 2016 of measures taken throughout last year to improve operational efficiency, primarily in our
Canadian operations. These actions included the right-sizing of general and administrative staff and real estate consolidations.   

Resource Management and Energy      

Revenue
and revenue, net of subcontractor costs, increased 22.4% and 24.3%, respectively, in fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015. On a constant currency basis, revenue and revenue, net
of subcontractor costs, increased 24.5% and 26.8%, respectively, in fiscal 2016, compared to last year. As in the WEI segment, foreign exchange rate fluctuations negatively impacted revenue and
revenue, net of subcontractor costs in the amounts of $26.4 million and $23.7 million, respectively, in fiscal 2016 compared to last year. The increases are primarily due to Coffey
contributions of $302.9 million of revenue and $220.6 million of revenue, net of subcontractor costs in fiscal 2016 since the acquisition date. On a constant currency basis, excluding
the Coffey contribution, our revenue and revenue, net of subcontractor costs,   

  55  

Table of Contents   

  increased
0.9% and 3.2%, respectively, in fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015. The increases primarily reflect higher waste management and international development revenue.   

Operating
income increased $18.8 million ($21.1 million on a constant currency basis) in fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015. Coffey contributed operating income of
$12.5 million in fiscal 2016 since the acquisition date. The $6.3 million increase in operating income, excluding Coffey, in fiscal 2016 reflects the higher waste management and
international development revenue.   

Remediation and Construction Management      

Revenue
and revenue, net of subcontractor costs, decreased $34.4 million and $6.0 million, respectively, in fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015. These decreases resulted
from our decision to wind-down the RCM construction activities. The operating loss in fiscal 2016 resulted from adverse changes in the estimated costs to complete several of the remaining projects and
legal expenses to resolve various outstanding project claims. In addition, the fiscal 2016 operating loss of $11.8 million includes $7.9 million of losses related to uncollectible
accounts receivable, including claims. This loss was partially offset by a gain of $4.6 million from the settlement of a claim with a U.S. federal government client for work completed in fiscal
2013. The remaining RCM backlog at the end of fiscal 2016 was $26 million. The related work to be performed in this segment will be substantially completed in 2017.   

  56  

Table of Contents   

Fiscal 2015 Compared to Fiscal 2014            

Consolidated Results of Operations      

(1)     We
believe that the presentation of "Revenue, net of subcontractor costs", which is a non-GAAP financial measure, enhances investors' ability to
analyze our business trends and performance because it substantially measures the work performed by our employees. In the course of providing services, we routinely subcontract various services and,
under certain USAID programs, issue grants. Generally, these subcontractor costs and grants are passed through to our clients and, in accordance with GAAP and industry practice, are included in our
revenue when it is our contractual responsibility to procure or manage these activities. Because subcontractor services can vary significantly from project to project and period to period, changes in
revenue may not necessarily be indicative of our business trends. Accordingly, we segregate subcontractor costs from revenue to promote a better understanding of our business by evaluating revenue
exclusive of costs associated with external service providers.    

In
fiscal 2015, revenue and revenue, net of subcontractor costs, decreased $184.5 million, or 7.4%, and $141.2 million, or 7.6%, respectively, compared to fiscal 2014.
These declines reflect the above-described reduction in construction activities and the fluctuation in foreign exchange rates. Revenue and revenue, net of subcontractor costs, from these construction
activities, which are reported in the RCM segment, declined $134.5 million and $56.2 million, respectively, in fiscal 2015 compared to the previous year. Revenue declines caused by
foreign exchange rate fluctuations resulted from a stronger U.S. dollar during fiscal 2015 versus most of the foreign currencies in which we conduct our international business, particularly the
Canadian dollar. These fluctuations negatively impacted revenue and revenue, net of subcontractor costs, by $71.2 million and $64.4 million, respectively, in fiscal 2015 compared to
fiscal 2014.   

                On
a constant currency basis, our ongoing revenue and revenue, net of subcontractor costs, excluding the exited activities in the RCM segment increased 0.9% and decreased 1.2%,
respectively, in fiscal 2015 compared to fiscal 2014. These results reflect increased state and local government and   

  57  

Table of Contents   

  commercial
activity in our ongoing U.S. operations. On a combined basis, revenue and revenue, net of subcontractor costs, from these activities increased $78.3 million, or 8.6%, and
$29.4 million, or 4.1%, respectively, in fiscal 2015 compared to the prior year, primarily due to increased environmental remediation, infrastructure, and energy-related activities. These
increases were offset by a decline in our U.S. federal activity. Our ongoing U.S. federal revenue and revenue, net of subcontractor costs, decreased $46.4 million and $43.8 million,
respectively, in fiscal 2015 compared to fiscal 2014, which primarily reflected less work for the DoD.   

The
following table reconciles our reported results to ongoing results, which exclude RCM results, purchase accounting adjustments, and the impact of foreign exchange translation:   

Our
operating income decreased to $87.7 million in fiscal 2015 from $153.8 million in fiscal 2014. We recognized a non-cash goodwill and other intangible asset charge of
$60.8 million in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015 related to our GMP reporting unit. This item is described above under "Fiscal 2015 Impairment of Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets." The
operating income decline also reflects the reduction in net gains related to changes in the estimated fair value of contingent earn-out liabilities. The earn-out net gains in fiscal 2015 are discussed
above under "Fiscal 2016 and 2015 Earn-Out Adjustments." The earn-out net gains in fiscal 2014 are discussed below under "Fiscal 2014 Earn-Out Adjustments." In addition, the loss from the exited
construction activities in our RCM segment was $8.6 million in fiscal 2015 compared to $45.2 million the previous year. The fiscal 2014 RCM results included project-related charges that
are described below under "Remediation and Construction Management." Additionally, the aforementioned year-over-year foreign exchange rate fluctuations reduced operating income by $3.1 million
in fiscal 2015 compared to fiscal 2014. Excluding these non-operating items, ongoing operating income increased $16.8 million, or 12.0%, compared to fiscal 2014.   

The
increase in ongoing operating income was primarily due to improved results in our RME segment. On a constant currency basis, operating income in RME increased $10.9 million,
or 12.9%, in fiscal 2015 compared to fiscal 2015. This increase was primarily driven by improved results in our   

  58  

Table of Contents   

midstream
oil and gas operations, particularly in Western Canada. In addition, lower intangible asset amortization of $5.6 million, on a constant currency basis, contributed to the higher
year-over-year ongoing operating income.   

                In
fiscal 2015, we recorded income tax expense of $41.1 million, representing an effective tax rate of 51.2%. This tax rate is higher than the expected statutory tax rate
primarily due to the $60.8 million goodwill and intangible assets impairment charge most of which was not tax deductible. In fiscal 2014, we recorded income tax expense of $35.7 million,
representing an effective tax rate of 24.7%, which was lower than the expected rate due to the impact of gains from changes to contingent consideration liabilities, most of which were not taxable.
Excluding these items in both years, our effective tax rate was 32.3% in fiscal 2015 compared to 36.2% in fiscal 2014. During the first quarter of fiscal 2015, the Tax Increase Prevention Act of 2014
was signed into law. This law retroactively extended the federal R D credits for amounts incurred from January 1, 2014 through December 31, 2014. Our income tax expense for fiscal 2015
includes a tax benefit of $1.2 million attributable to operating income during the last nine months of fiscal 2014, primarily related to the retroactive recognition of these credits. The
remainder of the decline in the effective tax rate was primarily due to a higher proportion of operating income from international operations, in fiscal 2015 compared to fiscal 2014, which have lower
tax rates than the U.S.   

Fiscal 2014 Earn-Out Adjustments      

                In fiscal 2014, our operating income included net gains of $3.1 million related to net decreases in our estimated contingent earn-out
liabilities. The fiscal 2014 net gains primarily resulted from updated valuations of the contingent consideration liabilities for Parkland Pipeline ("Parkland"), which is part of our Oil, Gas and
Energy reporting unit, and American Environmental Group ("AEG"), which is part of our Waste Management Group reporting unit. Both of these reporting units are in the RME segment.   

We
review and re-assess the estimated fair value of contingent consideration on a quarterly basis, and the updated fair value could differ materially from the initial estimates. In
fiscal 2014, we recorded decreases in our contingent earn-out liability for Parkland and reported related gains in operating income of $44.6 million. These gains resulted from Parkland's actual
and projected post-acquisition performance falling below our initial expectations concerning the likelihood and timing of achieving the relevant operating income thresholds in each of the three years
subsequent to the acquisition. In the second quarter of fiscal 2014, we updated the estimated cost to complete a large fixed-price contract at Parkland and determined that the project would be
break-even compared to the significant profit estimated the previous quarter when the project was initiated. As a result, during the second quarter of fiscal 2014 we reversed $5.3 million of
profit previously recognized on the project. This variance, and
our updated estimate that the revenue for the remainder of the project would produce no operating income, resulted in our conclusion that Parkland's operating income in the first and second earn-out
periods would fall below the minimum operating income thresholds in each such year. As a result, we reduced the contingent earn-out liability for the first and second earn-out periods to $0, which
resulted in gains totaling $24.7 million ($5.6 million and $19.1 million in the first and second quarters of fiscal 2014, respectively). The remaining fiscal 2014 gain of
$19.9 million was recognized in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014, which reduced the related liability to $0 at the end of fiscal 2014.   

                In
fiscal 2014, we also recorded net decreases in our contingent earn-out liability for AEG and reported related net gains in operating income of $12.4 million. AEG's first
earn-out period ended on the last day of the first quarter of fiscal 2014. As a result, during the first quarter of fiscal 2014, we performed a preliminary calculation of the contingent consideration
for the first earn-out period and concluded that AEG's operating income in that period would be higher than both our original estimate at the acquisition date and our previous quarterly estimates. As
a result, we increased the contingent earn-out liability for the first earn-out period, which resulted in additional expense of $1.0 million. The contingent consideration of $9.1 million
for the first earn-out period was paid in the second quarter of fiscal 2014.   

  59  

Table of Contents   

                During
calendar 2014, which corresponded to AEG's second earn-out period, adverse weather conditions hindered AEG's ability to complete its project field work. As a result, in the third
quarter of fiscal 2014, we updated our projection of AEG's operating income for its second earn-out period. This assessment included a review of the status of on-going projects in AEG's backlog, and
the inventory of prospective new contract awards. As a result of this assessment, we concluded that AEG's operating income in the second earn-out period would be significantly lower than our original
estimate at the acquisition date, and would fall below the minimum operating income threshold, but would still exceed $9.0 million of operating income in order to earn the additional earn-out
payment. As a result, we reduced the contingent earn-out liability, which resulted in a gain of $8.9 million.   

                During
the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014, we performed an updated projection of AEG's operating income for its second earn-out period based on actual results and the forecast for the
remainder of the second earn-out period. Based on this analysis, we concluded that AEG's operating income in the second earn-out period would be lower than the $9.0 million needed to receive
the $4.5 million of contingent consideration that remained accrued for performance in both earn-out years. As a result, we reduced the contingent earn-out liability to $0, which resulted in a
gain of $4.5 million in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014, and net gains of $12.4 million for all of fiscal 2014.   

                Each
time we determined that AEG's and Parkland's operating income would be lower than our original estimate at the acquisition date, we also evaluated the related goodwill for
potential impairment. In each case, we determined that the lower income projections were the result of
temporary events, and did not negatively impact the reporting unit's longer term performance or result in goodwill impairment.   

Segment Results of Operations      

Water, Environment and Infrastructure      

Revenue
and revenue, net of subcontractor costs, decreased 24.9 million, or 2.4%, and $47.8 million, or 5.9%, respectively, compared to fiscal 2014. As described above,
foreign exchange rate fluctuations negatively impacted revenue and revenue, net of subcontractor costs, in the amounts of $29.2 million and $27.3 million, respectively, in fiscal 2015.
On a constant currency basis, our revenue increased $4.3 million, or 0.4%, in fiscal 2015 compared to the previous year. This growth reflects an increase in revenue from U.S. state and local
government infrastructure projects across a broad range of government agencies.   

                Operating
income decreased $0.7 million, or 0.8%, in fiscal 2015 compared to fiscal 2014. On a constant currency basis, our operating income increased $1.2 million, or
1.3%. These comparisons are consistent with the revenue trends as our relative profit margins were stable year-over-year at 12.2% in fiscal 2015 and 11.6% in fiscal 2014.   

  60  

Table of Contents   

Resource Management and Energy      

Revenue
and revenue, net of subcontractor costs, decreased $51.1 million, or 3.8%, and $37.1 million, or 3.8%, respectively, compared to fiscal 2014. Foreign exchange rate
fluctuations had an adverse impact on revenue and revenue, net of subcontractor costs, during fiscal 2015 in the amounts of $43.2 million and $37.1 million, respectively. On a constant
currency basis, revenue decreased $7.9 million, or 0.6% in fiscal 2015 compared to fiscal 2014. These decreases primarily reflect a decline in mining and upstream oil and gas revenue,
particularly in Canada and Brazil, which were down $58.6 million year-over-year. These decreases were substantially offset by increased midstream oil and gas revenue in both the U.S. and
Western Canada.   

                Operating
income increased $8.5 million in fiscal 2015 compared to fiscal 2014. This increase primarily reflects improved profit in our midstream oil and gas business in Western
Canada. Further, our fiscal 2014 results included a $5.3 million profit reversal on a fixed price construction management project. The operating income increase was partially offset by declines
in our other commodity-based activities, including upstream oil and gas services and mining-related activities.   

Remediation and Construction Management      

Revenue
and revenue, net of subcontractor costs, decreased $134.5 million and $56.2 million, respectively, compared to the previous year. These decreases resulted from our
decision to wind-down the RCM construction activities. The operating loss in fiscal 2015 reflects our updated evaluation of the collectability of certain claims as well as related legal costs, and the
costs required to complete the remaining projects in the RCM segment. The operating loss in fiscal 2014 reflects project-related charges principally from adjustments to estimated costs at completion
that increased project costs.   

  61  

Table of Contents    

In fiscal 2014, primarily in the fourth quarter, we recorded project-related charges principally from adjustments to estimated costs at completion
that increased
project costs. These charges included amounts primarily related to two lines of business in the RCM segment with U.S. federal and state and local government clients that we decided to exit or
wind-down in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014.   

                One
of the businesses we decided to exit or wind-down related to fixed-price contracts for project management, construction management, and construction services, primarily for U.S.
federal government clients. In the course of performing the required work, we encountered delays related to defective designs, permit issues and differing site conditions, among other factors, that
slowed our progress. Due to these delays, we determined that the costs to complete the projects would exceed the
contract values. As a result, we recorded related pre-tax project charges of $20.5 million on these projects in fiscal 2014. These projects were substantially completed in fiscal 2015.   

                The
other business we decided to exit or wind-down related to fixed-price contracts for transportation projects with state government agencies. During the execution of these contracts,
numerous issues and events disrupted our plans and progress, including weather delays, differing site conditions, drainage design changes, lane closure delays, and revised soil testing requirements.
These issues caused us to incur costs in excess of the contract values and increase our estimates of the expected costs to complete. As a result, we recorded pre-tax charges to operating income of
$9.1 million in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014. These projects are expected to be completed in 2017, with total estimated costs to complete of approximately $22 million as of
October 2, 2016. If our costs increase above this estimate, we could record further losses.   

FINANCIAL CONDITION, LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES            

                  Capital Requirements.       Our primary sources of liquidity are cash flows from operations and
borrowings under our credit facilities. Our primary uses
of cash are to fund working capital, capital expenditures, stock repurchases, cash dividends and repayment of debt, as well as to fund acquisitions and earn-out obligations from prior acquisitions. We
believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents, operating cash flows and borrowing capacity under our credit agreement, as described below, will be sufficient to meet our capital requirements for
at least the next 12 months. On November 10, 2014, the Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program under which we could repurchase up to $200 million of our common
stock over the succeeding two years, of which $200 million has been repurchased as of October 2, 2016. During fiscal 2016, we declared and paid dividends totaling $0.34 per share ($0.08
for the first and second quarters and $0.09 for the third and fourth quarters) of our common stock. In fiscal 2015, we paid dividends totaling $0.30 per share ($0.07 for the first and second quarters,
and $0.08 for the third and fourth quarters) of our common stock.   

                  Subsequent Events.       On November 7, 2016, the Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash
dividend of $0.09 per share payable on
December 14, 2016 to stockholders of record as of the close of business on December 1, 2016. On November 7, 2016, our Board of Directors also authorized a new stock repurchase
program under which we could repurchase up to $200 million of our common stock.   

                We
use a variety of tax planning and financing strategies to manage our worldwide cash and deploy funds to locations where they are needed. We also indefinitely reinvest our foreign
earnings, and our current plans do not demonstrate a need to repatriate these earnings. Should we require additional capital in the United States, we may elect to repatriate these foreign funds or
raise capital in the United States through debt or equity. If we were to repatriate these foreign funds, we would be required to accrue and pay additional U.S. taxes less applicable foreign tax
credits.   

                As
of October 2, 2016, cash and cash equivalents were $160.5 million, an increase of $25.1 million compared to the fiscal 2015 year-end. The increase was due
to cash generated from operating activities and   

  62  

Table of Contents   

  net
borrowing, partially offset by cash used for business acquisitions, share repurchases, capital expenditures and dividends.   

                  Operating Activities.       For fiscal 2016, net cash provided by operating activities was
$142.0 million, a decrease of $20.8 million
compared to fiscal 2015. This decrease was due primarily to $30.5 million in acquisition and integration expenses related to Coffey paid in fiscal 2016.   

Investing Activities.       Net cash used in investing activities was $94.0 million, an increase of
$73.0 million in fiscal 2016 compared to
fiscal 2015. The increase primarily resulted from cash used for the acquisitions of Coffey and INDUS in the second quarter of fiscal 2016, which totaled $81.3 million.   

                  Financing Activities.       For fiscal 2016, net cash used in financing activities was $25.4 million,
 a decrease of $98.2 million, compared
to the prior year. The decrease primarily relates to increased net borrowings of $91.2 million for the fiscal 2016 acquisitions previously discussed.   

                  Debt Financing.       On May 7, 2013, we entered into a credit agreement that provided for a
$205 million term loan facility and a
$460 million revolving credit facility both maturing in May 2018. On May 29,
2015, we entered into a third amendment to our credit agreement (as amended, the "Credit Agreement") that extended the maturity date for the term loan and the revolving credit facility to May 2020.
The Credit Agreement is a $654.8 million senior secured, five-year facility that provides for a $194.8 million term loan facility (the "Term Loan Facility") and a $460 million
revolving credit facility (the "Revolving Credit Facility"). The Credit Agreement allows us to, among other things, finance certain permitted open market repurchases of our common stock, permitted
acquisitions, and cash dividends and distributions. The Revolving Credit Facility includes a $150 million sublimit for the issuance of standby letters of credit, a $20 million sublimit
for swingline loans, and a $150 million sublimit for multicurrency borrowings. The interest rate provisions of the term loan and the revolving credit facility did not materially change.   

                The
Term Loan Facility is subject to quarterly amortization of principal, with $10.3 million payable in year 1, and $15.4 million payable in years 2 through 5. The Term
Loan may be prepaid at any time without penalty. We may borrow on the Revolving Credit Facility, at our option, at either (a) a Eurocurrency rate plus a margin that ranges from 1.15% to 2.00%
per annum, or (b) a base rate for loans in U.S. dollars (the highest of the U.S. federal funds rate plus 0.50% per annum, the bank's prime rate or the Eurocurrency rate plus 1.00%) plus a
margin that ranges from 0.15% to 1.00% per annum. In each case, the applicable margin is based on our Consolidated Leverage Ratio, calculated quarterly. The Term Loan Facility is subject to the same
interest rate provisions. The interest rate of the Term Loan Facility at the date of inception was 1.57%. The Credit Agreement expires on May 29, 2020, or earlier at our discretion, upon
payment in full of loans and other obligations.   

                As
of October 2, 2016, we had $346.8 million in outstanding borrowings under the Credit Agreement, which was comprised of $176.8 million under the Term Loan
Facility and $170 million under the Revolving Credit Facility at a weighted-average interest rate of 1.92% per annum. In addition, we had $1.3 million in standby letters of credit under
the Credit Agreement. Our average effective weighted-average interest rate on borrowings outstanding at October 2, 2016 under the Credit Agreement, including the effects of interest rate swap
agreements described in Note 13, "Derivative Financial Instruments" of the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements", was 2.52%. At October 2, 2016, we had $288.7 million of
available credit under the Revolving Credit Facility, of which $222.4 million could be borrowed without a violation of our debt covenants. In addition, we entered into agreements with three
banks to issue up to $53 million in standby letters of credit. The aggregate amount of standby letters of credit outstanding under these additional facilities and other bank guarantees was
$25.3 million, of which $6 million was issued in currencies other than the U.S. dollar.   

  63  

Table of Contents   

The
Credit Agreement contains certain affirmative and restrictive covenants, and customary events of default. The financial covenants provide for a maximum Consolidated Leverage Ratio
of 3.00 to 1.00 (total funded debt/EBITDA, as defined in the Credit Agreement) and a minimum Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio of 1.25 to 1.00 (EBITDA, as defined in the Credit Agreement minus
capital expenditures/cash interest plus taxes plus principal payments of indebtedness including capital leases, notes and post-acquisition payments).   

                At
October 2, 2016, we were in compliance with these covenants with a consolidated leverage ratio of 1.91x and a consolidated fixed charge coverage ratio of 2.82x. Our
obligations under the Credit Agreement are guaranteed by certain of our subsidiaries and are secured by first priority liens on (i) the equity interests of certain of our subsidiaries,
including those subsidiaries that are guarantors or borrowers under the Credit Agreement, and (ii) our accounts receivable, general intangibles and intercompany loans, and those of our
subsidiaries that are guarantors or borrowers.   

                At
the time of acquisition, Coffey had an existing secured credit facility with a bank, comprised of an overdraft facility, a term facility and a bank guaranty facility. This facility
was amended in March 2016 to extend the term of the existing facility to April 8, 2016, and allow for the issuance of a parent guarantee and release of certain subsidiary guarantors. On
April 8, 2016, the facility was amended again to provide for a secured AUD$30 million facility, which may be used by Coffey for bank overdrafts, short-term cash advances or bank
guarantees. This facility expires in April 2017, is secured by the assets of certain Australian and New Zealand subsidiaries, and is supported by a parent guarantee. At October 2, 2016, the
amount outstanding under this facility consisted solely of bank guarantees of $5.6 million.   

                  Inflation.       We believe our operations have not been, and, in the foreseeable future, are not
expected to be, materially adversely affected by
inflation or changing prices due to the average duration of our projects and our ability to negotiate prices as contracts end and new contracts begin.   

                  Dividends.       Our Board of Directors has authorized the following dividends:   

64  

Table of Contents   

Contractual Obligations.       The following sets forth our contractual obligations at October 2,
2016:   

(1)     Interest
primarily related to the Term Loan Facility is based on a weighted-average interest rate at October 2, 2016, on borrowings that are
presently outstanding.       (2)     Predominantly
represents real estate leases.       (3)     Represents
the estimated fair value recorded for contingent earn-out obligations for acquisitions. The remaining maximum contingent earn-out
obligations for these acquisitions total $15.5 million.       (4)     Represents
liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits related to uncertain tax positions, excluding amounts related primarily to outstanding refund
claims. We are unable to reasonably predict the timing of tax settlements, as tax audits can involve complex issues and the resolution of those issues may span multiple years, particularly if subject
to negotiation or litigation. For more information, see Note 8, "Income Taxes" of the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" included in Item 8.    

Income Taxes            

                We review the realizability of deferred tax assets on a quarterly basis by assessing the need for a valuation allowance. As of
October 2, 2016, we performed our assessment of net deferred tax assets. Significant management judgment is required in determining the provision for income taxes and, in particular, any
valuation allowance recorded against our deferred tax assets. Applying the applicable accounting guidance requires an assessment of all available evidence, positive and negative, regarding the
realizability of the net deferred tax assets. Based upon recent results, we concluded that a cumulative loss in recent years exists in certain states and foreign jurisdictions. We have historically
relied on the following factors in our assessment of the realizability of our net deferred tax assets:  

taxable income in prior carryback years as permitted under the tax law;   
            future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences;   
            consideration of available tax planning strategies and actions that could be implemented, if necessary; and    
            estimates of future taxable income from our operations.    

We
considered these factors in our estimate of the timing and amount of the reversal of deferred tax assets, using assumptions that we believe are reasonable and consistent with
operating results. However, as a result of cumulative pre-tax losses in certain foreign jurisdictions for the 36 months ended October 2, 2016, we concluded that our estimates of future
taxable income and certain tax planning strategies did not constitute sufficient positive evidence to assert that it is more likely than not that certain deferred tax assets would be realizable before
expiration. Based on our assessment, we concluded that it is   

  65  

Table of Contents   

  more
likely than not that the assets will be realized except for the assets related to loss carry-forwards in foreign jurisdictions for which a valuation allowance of $23.8 million has been
provided.   

                We
are currently under examination by the Internal Revenue Service for fiscal years 2010 through 2013, and by the California Franchise Tax Board for fiscal years 2004 through 2009. We
are also subject to various other state audits. With a few exceptions, we are no longer subject to U.S. federal, state and local, or non-U.S. income tax examinations for fiscal years before 2010.   

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements            

                In the ordinary course of business, we may use off-balance sheet arrangements if we believe that such an arrangement would be an efficient way
to lower our cost of capital or help us manage the overall risks of our business operations. We do not believe that such arrangements have had a material adverse effect on our financial position or
our results of operations.   

                The
following is a summary of our off-balance sheet arrangements:  

Letters of credit and bank guarantees are used primarily to support project performance and insurance programs. We are required to reimburse
the issuers of letters of credit and bank guarantees for any payments they make under the outstanding letters of credit or bank guarantees. Our Credit Agreement and additional letter of credit
facilities cover the issuance of our standby letters of credit and bank guarantees and are critical for our normal operations. If we default on the Credit Agreement or additional credit facilities,
our inability to issue or renew standby letters of credit and bank guarantees would impair our ability to maintain normal operations. At October 2, 2016, we had $1.3 million in standby
letters of credit outstanding under our Credit Agreement, $25.3 million in standby letters of credit outstanding under our additional letter of credit facilities and $5.6 million of bank
guarantees under the existing Coffey facility.   
            From time to time, we provide guarantees and indemnifications related to our services. If our services under a guaranteed or indemnified
project are later determined to have resulted in a material defect or other material deficiency, then we may be responsible for monetary damages or other legal remedies. When sufficient information
about claims on guaranteed or indemnified projects is available and monetary damages or other costs or losses are determined to be probable, we recognize such guaranteed losses.    
            In the ordinary course of business, we enter into various agreements as part of certain unconsolidated subsidiaries, joint ventures, and other
jointly executed contracts where we are jointly and severally liable. We enter into these agreements primarily to support the project execution commitments of these entities. The potential payment
amount of an outstanding performance guarantee is typically the remaining cost of work to be performed by or on behalf of third parties under engineering and construction contracts. However, we are
not able to estimate other amounts that may be required to be paid in excess of estimated costs to complete contracts and, accordingly, the total potential payment amount under our outstanding
performance guarantees cannot be estimated. For cost-plus contracts, amounts that may become payable pursuant to guarantee provisions are normally recoverable from the client for work performed under
the contract. For lump sum or fixed-price contracts, this amount is the cost to complete the contracted work less amounts remaining to be billed to the client under the contract. Remaining billable
amounts could be greater or less than the cost to complete. In those cases where costs exceed the remaining amounts payable under the contract, we may have recourse to third parties, such as owners,
co-venturers, subcontractors or vendors, for claims.    
 
  66  

Table of Contents   

In the ordinary course of business, our clients may request that we obtain surety bonds in connection with contract performance obligations
that are not required to be recorded in our consolidated balance sheets. We are obligated to reimburse the issuer of our surety bonds for any payments made thereunder. Each of our commitments under
performance bonds generally ends concurrently with the expiration of our related contractual obligation.    

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES            

                The preparation of our financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires us to make estimates and assumptions in the
application of certain accounting policies that affect amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements and accompanying footnotes included in Item 8 of this report. In order to
understand better the changes that may occur to our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, readers should be aware of the critical accounting policies we apply and estimates we use
in preparing our consolidated financial statements. Although such estimates and assumptions are based on management's best knowledge of current events and actions we may undertake in the future,
actual results could differ materially from those estimates.   

                Our
significant accounting policies are described in the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" included in Item 8. Highlighted below are the accounting policies that
management considers most critical to investors' understanding of our financial results and condition, and that require complex judgments by management.   

Revenue Recognition and Contract Costs            

                We recognize revenue for most of our contracts using the percentage-of-completion method, primarily based on contract costs incurred to date
compared to total estimated contract costs. We generally utilize the cost-to-cost approach to estimate the progress towards completion in order to determine the amount of revenue and profit to
recognize. This method of revenue recognition requires us to prepare estimates of costs to complete contracts in progress. In making such estimates, judgments are required to evaluate contingencies
such as potential variances in schedule; the cost of materials and labor productivity; and the impact of change orders, liability claims, contract disputes and achievement of contractual performance
standards. Changes in total estimated contract cost and losses, if any, could materially impact our results of operations or financial position. Certain of our contracts are service-related contracts,
such as providing operations and maintenance services or a variety of technical assistance services. Our service contracts are accounted for using the proportional performance method under which
revenue is recognized in proportion to the number of service activities performed, in proportion to the direct costs of performing the service activities, or evenly across the period of performance
depending upon the nature of the services provided.   

                We
recognize revenue for work performed under three major types of contracts: fixed-price, time-and-materials and cost-plus.   

                  Fixed-Price.       We enter into two major types of fixed-price contracts: firm fixed-price ("FFP") and
fixed-price per unit ("FPPU"). Under FFP
contracts, our clients pay us an agreed fixed-amount negotiated in advance for a specified scope of work. We generally recognize revenue on FFP contracts using the percentage-of-completion method. If
the nature or circumstances of the contract prevent us from preparing a reliable estimate at completion, we will delay profit recognition until adequate information about the contract's progress
becomes available. Under our FPPU contracts, clients pay us a set fee for each service or production transaction that we complete. Accordingly, we recognize revenue under FPPU contracts as we complete
the related service or production transactions, generally using the proportional performance method.   

  67  

Table of Contents   

                  Time-and-Materials.       Under time-and-materials contracts, we negotiate hourly billing rates and
charge our clients based on the actual time that we
spend on a project. In addition, clients reimburse us for our actual out-of-pocket costs of materials and other direct incidental expenditures that we incur in connection with our performance under
the contract. The majority of our time-and-material contracts are subject to maximum contract values and, accordingly, revenue under these contracts is generally recognized under the
percentage-of-completion method. However, time and materials contracts that are service-related contracts are accounted for utilizing the proportional performance method. Revenue on contracts that are
not subject to maximum contract values is recognized based on the actual number of hours we spend on the projects plus any actual out-of-pocket costs of materials and other direct incidental
expenditures that we incur on the projects. Our time-and-materials contracts also generally include annual billing rate adjustment provisions.   

Cost-Plus.       Under cost-plus contracts, we are reimbursed for allowable or otherwise defined costs
incurred plus a negotiated fee. The contracts may
also include incentives for various performance criteria, including quality, timeliness, ingenuity, safety and cost-effectiveness. In addition, our costs are generally subject to review by our clients
and regulatory audit agencies, and such reviews could result in costs being disputed as non-reimbursable under the terms of the contract. Revenue for cost-plus contracts is recognized at the time
services are performed. Revenue is not recognized for non-recoverable costs. Performance incentives are included in our estimates of revenue when their realization is reasonably assured.   

If
estimated total costs on any contract indicate a loss, we recognize the entire estimated loss in the period the loss becomes known. The cumulative effect of revisions to revenue,
estimated costs to complete contracts, including penalties, incentive awards, change orders, claims, anticipated losses and others are recorded in the period in which the revisions are identified and
the loss can be reasonably estimated. Such revisions could occur in any reporting period and the effects may be material depending on the size of the project or the adjustment.   

                Once
contract performance is underway, we may experience changes in conditions, client requirements, specifications, designs, materials and expectations regarding the period of
performance. Such changes are "change orders" and may be initiated by us or by our clients. In many cases, agreement with the client as to the terms of change orders is reached prior to work
commencing; however, sometimes circumstances require that work progress without obtaining client agreement. Revenue related to change orders is recognized as costs are incurred. Change orders that are
unapproved as to both price and scope are evaluated as claims.   

                Claims
are amounts in excess of agreed contract prices that we seek to collect from our clients or other third parties for delays, errors in specifications and designs, contract
terminations, change orders in dispute or unapproved as to both scope and price or other causes of unanticipated additional costs. Revenue on claims is recognized only to the extent that contract
costs related to the claims have been incurred and when it is probable that the claim will result in a bona fide addition to contract value that can be reliably estimated. No profit is recognized on a
claim until final settlement occurs. This can lead to a situation in which costs are recognized in one period and revenue is recognized in a subsequent period when a client agreement is obtained or a
claim resolution occurs.   

Insurance Matters, Litigation and Contingencies            

                In the normal course of business, we are subject to certain contractual guarantees and litigation. Generally, such guarantees relate to project
schedules and performance. Most of the litigation involves us as a defendant in contractual disagreements, workers' compensation, personal injury and other similar lawsuits. We maintain insurance
coverage for various aspects of our business and operations. However, we have elected to retain a portion of losses that may occur through the use of various deductibles, limits and   

  68  

Table of Contents   

  retentions
under our insurance programs. This practice may subject us to some future liability for which we are only partially insured or are completely uninsured.   

                We
record in our consolidated balance sheets amounts representing our estimated liability for self-insurance claims. We utilize actuarial analyses to assist in determining the level of
accrued liabilities to establish for our employee medical and workers' compensation self-insurance claims that are known and have been asserted against us, as well as for self-insurance claims that
are believed to have been incurred based on actuarial analyses but have not yet been reported to our claims administrators at the balance sheet date. We include any adjustments to such insurance
reserves in our consolidated results of operations.   

                Except
as described in Note 18, "Commitments and Contingencies" of the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" included in Item 8, we do not have any litigation or
other contingencies that have had, or are currently anticipated to have, a material impact on our results of operations or financial position. As additional information about current or future
litigation or other contingencies becomes
available, management will assess whether such information warrants the recording of additional expenses relating to those contingencies. Such additional expenses could potentially have a material
impact on our results of operations and financial position.   

Stock-Based Compensation            

                Our stock-based compensation plans include stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units ("RSUs"), performance share units ("PSUs"),
and an employee stock purchase plan for our eligible employees and outside directors. Stock-based compensation cost is measured at the grant date based on the fair value of the award and is recognized
as expense over the requisite service period. Determining the fair value of stock-based awards at the grant date requires management to make assumptions and apply judgment to determine the fair value
of our awards. These assumptions and judgments include future employee turnover rates, along with estimating the future volatility of our stock price, future stock option exercise behaviors and, for
performance-based awards, the achievement of company performance goals. Our stock-based compensation expense was $13.0 million, $10.9 million and $10.4 million for fiscal 2016,
2015 and 2014, respectively.   

Goodwill and Intangibles            

                The cost of an acquired company is assigned to the tangible and intangible assets purchased and the liabilities assumed on the basis of their
fair values at the date of acquisition. The determination of fair values of assets and liabilities acquired requires us to make estimates and use valuation techniques when a market value is not
readily available. Any excess of purchase price over the fair value of net tangible and intangible assets acquired is allocated to goodwill. Goodwill typically represents the value paid for the
assembled workforce and enhancement of our service offerings.   

                Identifiable
intangible assets include backlog, non-compete agreements, client relations, trade names, patents and other assets. The costs of these intangible assets are amortized over
their contractual or economic lives, which range from one to ten years. We assess the recoverability of the unamortized balance of our intangible assets when indicators of impairment are present based
on expected future profitability and undiscounted expected cash flows and their contribution to our overall operations. Should the review indicate that the carrying value is not fully recoverable, the
excess of the carrying value over the fair value of the intangible assets would be recognized as an impairment loss.   

                We
perform our annual goodwill impairment review at the beginning of our fiscal fourth quarter. In addition, we regularly evaluate whether events and circumstances have occurred that
may indicate a potential change in recoverability of goodwill. We perform interim goodwill impairment reviews between   

  69  

Table of Contents   

  our
annual reviews if certain events and circumstances have occurred, including a deterioration in general economic conditions, an increased competitive environment, a change in management, key
personnel, strategy or customers, negative or declining cash flows, or a decline in actual or planned revenue or earnings compared with actual and projected results of relevant prior periods (see
Note 6, "Goodwill and Intangible Assets" of the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" in Item 8 for further discussion).   

                We
believe the methodology that we use to review impairment of goodwill, which includes a significant amount of judgment and estimates, provides us with a reasonable basis to determine
whether impairment has occurred. However, many of the factors employed in determining whether our goodwill is impaired are outside of our control and it is reasonably likely that assumptions and
estimates will change in future periods. These changes could result in future impairments.   

The
goodwill impairment review involves the determination of the fair value of our reporting units, which for us are the components one level below our reportable segments. This process
requires us to make significant judgments and estimates, including assumptions about our strategic plans with regard to our operations as well as the interpretation of current economic indicators and
market valuations. Furthermore, the development of the present value of future cash flow projections includes assumptions and estimates derived from a review of our expected revenue growth rates,
profit margins, business plans, cost of capital and tax rates. We also make certain assumptions about future market conditions, market prices, interest rates and changes in business strategies.
Changes in assumptions or estimates could materially affect the determination of the fair value of a reporting unit. This could eliminate the excess of fair value over carrying value of a reporting
unit entirely and, in some cases, result in impairment. Such changes in assumptions could be caused by a loss of one or more significant contracts, reductions in government or commercial client
spending, or a decline in the demand for our services due to changing economic conditions. In the event that we determine that our goodwill is impaired, we would be required to record a non-cash
charge that could result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial position.   

                We
use two methods to determine the fair value of our reporting units: (i) the Income Approach and (ii) the Market Approach. While each of these approaches is initially
considered in the valuation of the business enterprises, the nature and characteristics of the reporting units indicate which approach is most applicable. The Income Approach utilizes the discounted
cash flow method, which focuses on the expected cash flow of the reporting unit. In applying this approach, the cash flow available for distribution is calculated for a finite period of years. Cash
flow available for distribution is defined, for
purposes of this analysis, as the amount of cash that could be distributed as a dividend without impairing the future profitability or operations of the reporting unit. The cash flow available for
distribution and the terminal value (the value of the reporting unit at the end of the estimation period) are then discounted to present value to derive an indication of the value of the business
enterprise. The Market Approach is comprised of the guideline company method and the similar transactions method. The guideline company method focuses on comparing the reporting unit to select
reasonably similar (or "guideline") publicly traded companies. Under this method, valuation multiples are (i) derived from the operating data of selected guideline companies;
(ii) evaluated and adjusted based on the strengths and weaknesses of the reporting units relative to the selected guideline companies; and (iii) applied to the operating data of the
reporting unit to arrive at an indication of value. In the similar transactions method, consideration is given to prices paid in recent transactions that have occurred in the reporting unit's industry
or in related industries. For our annual impairment analysis, we weighted the Income Approach and the Market Approach at 70% and 30%, respectively. The Income Approach was given a higher weight
because it has the most direct correlation to the specific economics of the reporting unit, as compared to the Market Approach, which is based on multiples of broad-based (i.e., less
comparable) companies. Our last review at June 27, 2016 (i.e. the first day of our fourth quarter in fiscal 2016), indicated that we had no impairment of goodwill, and all of our
reporting units had estimated fair values that were in excess of their carrying values, including   

  70  

Table of Contents   

  goodwill.
We had no reporting units that had estimated fair values that exceeded their carrying values by less than 20%, excluding the impact of acquisitions completed within the last two fiscal
years.   

                   Contingent Consideration.        Certain of our acquisition agreements include contingent earn-out
arrangements, which are generally based on the
achievement of future operating income thresholds. The contingent earn-out arrangements are based upon our valuations of the acquired companies and reduce the risk of overpaying for acquisitions if
the projected financial results are not achieved.   

The
fair values of these earn-out arrangements are included as part of the purchase price of the acquired companies on their respective acquisition dates. For each transaction, we
estimate the fair value of contingent earn-out payments as part of the initial purchase price and record the estimated fair value of contingent consideration as a liability in "Estimated contingent
earn-out liabilities" and "Long-term estimated contingent earn-out liabilities" on the consolidated balance sheets. We consider several factors when determining that contingent earn-out liabilities
are part of the purchase price, including the following: (1) the valuation of our acquisitions is not supported solely by the initial consideration paid, and the contingent earn-out formula is
a critical and material component of the valuation approach to determining the purchase price; and (2) the former shareholders of acquired companies that remain as key employees receive
compensation other than contingent earn-out payments at a reasonable level compared with the compensation of our other key employees. The contingent earn-out payments are not affected by employment
termination.   

                We
measure our contingent earn-out liabilities at fair value on a recurring basis using significant unobservable inputs classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy (See
Note 2, "Basis of Presentation and Preparation   Fair Value of Financial Instruments" of the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" included in Item 8). We use a
probability weighted discounted income approach as a valuation technique to convert future estimated cash flows to a single present value amount. The significant unobservable inputs used in the fair
value measurements are operating income projections over the earn-out period (generally two or three years), and the probability outcome percentages we assign to each scenario. Significant increases
or decreases to either of these inputs in isolation would result in a significantly higher or lower liability with a higher liability capped by the contractual maximum of the contingent earn-out
obligation. Ultimately, the liability will be equivalent to the amount paid, and the difference between the fair value estimate and amount paid will be recorded in earnings. The amount paid that is
less than or equal to the liability on the acquisition date is reflected as cash used in financing activities in our consolidated statements of cash flows. Any amount paid in excess of the liability
on the acquisition date is reflected as cash used in operating activities.   

                We
review and re-assess the estimated fair value of contingent consideration on a quarterly basis, and the updated fair value could differ materially from the initial estimates. Changes
in the estimated fair value of our contingent earn-out liabilities related to the time component of the present value calculation are reported in interest expense. Adjustments to the estimated fair
value related to changes in all other unobservable inputs are reported in operating income.   

Income Taxes            

                We file a consolidated U.S. federal income tax return and a combined California franchise tax return. In addition, we file other returns
that are required in the states, foreign jurisdictions and other jurisdictions in which we do business. We account for certain income and expense items differently for financial reporting and income
tax purposes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are computed for the differences between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities that will result in taxable or deductible
amounts in the future based on enacted tax laws and rates applicable to the periods in which the differences are expected to reverse. In determining the need for a valuation allowance on deferred tax
assets, management reviews both positive and negative evidence, including current and historical results of   

  71  

Table of Contents   

operations,
future income projections and potential tax planning strategies. Based on our assessment, we have concluded that a portion of the deferred tax assets at October 2, 2016, primarily
net operating losses and certain foreign intangibles, will not be realized, and we have reserved accordingly.   

                According
to the authoritative guidance on accounting for uncertainty in income taxes, we may recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not
that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a
position should be measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. For more information related to our unrecognized tax
benefits, see Note 8, "Income Taxes" of the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" included in Item 8.   

RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS            

                For a discussion of recent accounting standards and the effect they could have on the consolidated financial statements, see Note 2,
"Basis of Presentation and Preparation" of the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" included in Item 8.    

Item 7A.    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk          

                We do not enter into derivative financial instruments for trading or speculation purposes. In the normal course of business, we have exposure
to both interest rate risk and foreign currency transaction and translation risk, primarily related to the Canadian and Australian dollar.   

We
are exposed to interest rate risk under our Credit Agreement. We can borrow, at our option, under both the Term Loan Facility and Revolving Credit Facility. We may borrow on the
Revolving Credit Facility, at our option, at either (a) a Eurocurrency rate plus a margin that ranges from 1.15% to 2.00% per annum, or (b) a base rate for loans in U.S. dollars (the
highest of the U.S. federal funds rate plus 0.50% per annum, the bank's prime rate or the Eurocurrency rate plus 1.00%) plus a margin that ranges from 0.15% to 1.00% per annum. Borrowings at the base
rate have no designated term and may
be repaid without penalty any time prior to the Facility's maturity date. Borrowings at a Eurodollar rate have a term no less than 30 days and no greater than 90 days. Typically, at the
end of such term, such borrowings may be rolled over at our discretion into either a borrowing at the base rate or a borrowing at a Eurodollar rate with similar terms, not to exceed the maturity date
of the Facility. The Facility matures on May 29, 2020. At October 2, 2016 we had borrowings outstanding under the Credit Agreement of $346.8 million at a weighted-average interest
rate of 1.92% per annum.   

                In
fiscal 2013, we entered into three interest rate swap agreements with three banks to fix the variable interest rate on $153.8 million of our Term Loan Facility. In fiscal
2014, we entered into two interest rate swap agreements with two banks to fix the variable interest rate on $51.3 million of our Term Loan Facility. The objective of these interest rate swaps
was to eliminate the variability of our cash flows on the amount of interest expense we pay under our Credit Agreement. Our average effective interest rate on borrowings outstanding under the Credit
Agreement, including the effects of interest rate swap agreements, at October 2, 2016 was 2.52%. For more information, see Note 14, "Derivative Financial Instruments" of the "Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements" in Item 8.   

                Most
of our transactions are in U.S. dollars; however, some of our subsidiaries conduct business in foreign currencies, primarily the Canadian and Australian dollar. Therefore, we are
subject to currency exposure and volatility because of currency fluctuations. We attempt to minimize our exposure to these fluctuations by matching revenue and expenses in the same currency for our
contracts. Foreign currency gains and losses were immaterial for both fiscal 2016 and 2015. Foreign currency gains and losses are   

  72  

Table of Contents   

  reported
as part of "Selling, general and administrative expenses" in our consolidated statements of income.   

We
have foreign currency exchange rate exposure in our results of operations and equity primarily as a result of the currency translation related to our foreign subsidiaries where the
local currency is the functional currency. To the extent the U.S. dollar strengthens against foreign currencies, the translation of these foreign currency denominated transactions will result in
reduced revenue, operating expenses, assets and liabilities. Similarly, our revenue, operating expenses, assets and liabilities will increase if the U.S. dollar weakens against foreign currencies. For
2016 and 2015, 28.1% and 24.6% of our consolidated revenue, respectively, was generated by our international business. For fiscal 2016, the effect of foreign exchange rate translation on the
consolidated balance sheets was an increase in equity of $15.2 million compared to a reduction in equity of $100.8 million in fiscal 2015. These amounts were recognized as an adjustment
to equity through other comprehensive income.   

  73  

Table of Contents    

           Item 8.    Financial Statements and Supplementary Data          

           INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE            

74  

Table of Contents    

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM            

  To
the Stockholders of Tetra Tech, Inc.:   

                In
our opinion, the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income (loss), equity and cash flows present fairly, in all
material respects, the financial position of Tetra Tech, Inc. and its subsidiaries at October 2, 2016 and September 27, 2015, and the results of their operations and their cash
flows for each of the three years in the period ended October 2, 2016 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. In addition, in our opinion,
the financial statement schedule listed in the accompanying index presents fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein when read in conjunction with the related consolidated
financial statements. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of October 2, 2016, based on criteria
established in    Internal Control   Integrated Framework    (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission ("COSO"). The Company's management is responsible for these financial statements and financial statement schedule, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and
for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting, appearing under Item 9A of
this Form 10-K. Our responsibility is to express opinions on these financial statements, on the financial statement schedule, and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting
based on our integrated audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and
perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was
maintained in all material respects. Our audits of the financial statements included examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing
the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting
included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness
of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinions.   

                A
company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures
that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide
reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and
expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or
timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.   

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.   

  75  

Table of Contents   

As
described in Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting, management has excluded Coffey International Limited ("Coffey") and INDUS Corporation ("INDUS") from
its assessment of internal control over financial reporting as of October 2, 2016 because they were acquired by the Company in purchase business combinations during 2016. We have also excluded
Coffey and INDUS from our audit of internal control over financial reporting. Coffey and INDUS are wholly-owned subsidiaries of Tetra Tech, Inc. whose combined total assets and total revenues
represent 5.8% and 12.4%, respectively, of the related consolidated financial statement amounts as of and for the year ended October 2, 2016.   

  /s/
PRICEWATERHOUSECOOPERS LLP   

  Los
Angeles, California 
November 22, 2016   

  76  

Table of Contents    

TETRA TECH, INC.   Consolidated Balance Sheets   (in thousands, except par value)            

See
accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.   

  77  

Table of Contents    

TETRA TECH, INC.   Consolidated Statements of Income   (in thousands, except per share data)            

See
accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.   

  78  

Table of Contents    

TETRA TECH, INC.   Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss)   (in thousands)            

See
accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.   

  79  

Table of Contents    

TETRA TECH, INC.   Consolidated Statements of Equity   Fiscal Years Ended September 28, 2014, September 27, 2015, and October 2, 2016   (in thousands)     

See
accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.   

  80  

Table of Contents    

TETRA TECH, INC.   Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows   (in thousands)            

See
accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.   

  81  

Table of Contents    

TETRA TECH, INC.   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS            

1.           Description of Business     

We are a leading provider of consulting and engineering services that focuses on water, environment, infrastructure, resource management, energy, and international
development. We are a
global company that is renowned for our expertise in providing water-related services for public and private clients. We typically begin at the earliest stage of a project by identifying technical
solutions and developing execution plans tailored to our clients' needs and resources. Our solutions may span the entire life cycle of consulting and engineering projects and include applied science,
data analysis, research, engineering, design, construction management, and operations and maintenance.   

                In
fiscal 2016, we managed our continuing operations under two reportable segments. We report our water resources, water and wastewater treatment, environment, and infrastructure
engineering activities
in the Water, Environment and Infrastructure ("WEI") reportable segment. Our Resource Management and Energy ("RME") reportable segment includes our oil and gas, energy, international development,
waste management, remediation, and utilities services. In addition, we report the results of the wind-down of our non-core construction activities in the Remediation and Construction Management
("RCM") reportable segment.   

2.           Basis of Presentation and Preparation     

Principles of Consolidation and Presentation.        The consolidated financial statements include
our accounts and those of joint ventures of which we are
the primary beneficiary. All significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. Certain prior year amounts have been revised to conform to the current year
presentation.   

                   Fiscal Year.        We report results of operations based on 52 or 53-week periods ending on the
Sunday nearest September 30. Fiscal years 2016,
2015 and 2014 contained 53, 52 and 52 weeks, respectively.   

Use of Estimates.        The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of
America ("U.S. GAAP") requires us to make estimates and assumptions. These estimates and assumptions affect the amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes.
Although such estimates and assumptions are based on management's best knowledge of current events and actions we may take in the future, actual results could differ materially from those estimates.   

Revenue Recognition and Contract Costs.        We recognize revenue for most of our contracts using
the percentage-of-completion method, primarily based on
contract costs incurred to date compared to total estimated contract costs. We generally utilize the cost-to-cost approach to estimate the progress towards completion in order to determine the amount
of revenue and profit to recognize. Revenue and cost estimates for each significant contract are reviewed and reassessed quarterly. Changes in those estimates could result in recognition of cumulative
catch-up adjustments to the contract's inception-to-date revenue, costs, and profit in the period in which such changes are made. Changes in revenue and cost estimates could also result in a projected
loss that would be recorded immediately in earnings. For fiscal years 2016, 2015 and 2014, we recognized net unfavorable operating income adjustments of $2.3 million, $8.9 million and
$35.9 million, respectively, due to changes in estimates. As of October 2, 2016 and September 27, 2015, we recorded a liability for anticipated losses of $6.7 million and
$10.5 million, respectively. The estimated cost to complete the related contracts as of October 2, 2016 was $23.6 million.   

  82  

Table of Contents   

TETRA TECH, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

2.           Basis of Presentation and Preparation (Continued)    

                Certain
of our contracts are service-related contracts, such as providing operations and maintenance services or a variety of technical assistance services. Our service contracts are
accounted for using the proportional performance method under which revenue is recognized in proportion to the number of service activities performed, in proportion to the direct costs of performing
the service activities, or evenly across the period of performance depending upon the nature of the services provided.   

                We
recognize revenue for work performed under three major types of contracts: fixed-price, time-and-materials and cost-plus.   

                  Fixed-Price.       We enter into two major types of fixed-price contracts: firm fixed-price ("FFP") and
fixed-price per unit ("FPPU"). Under FFP
contracts, our clients pay us an agreed fixed-amount negotiated in advance for a specified scope of work. We generally recognize revenue on FFP contracts using the percentage-of-completion method. If
the nature or circumstances of the contract prevent us from preparing a reliable estimate at completion, we will delay profit recognition until adequate information about the contract's progress
becomes available. Under our FPPU contracts, clients pay us a set fee for each service or production transaction that we complete. Accordingly, we recognize revenue under FPPU contracts as we complete
the related service or production transactions, generally using the proportional performance method.   

Time-and-Materials.       Under time-and-materials contracts, we negotiate hourly billing rates and charge
our clients based on the actual time that we
spend on a project. In addition, clients reimburse us for our actual out-of-pocket costs for materials and other direct incidental expenditures that we incur in connection with our performance under
the contract. The majority of our time-and-material contracts are subject to maximum contract values and, accordingly, revenue under these contracts is generally recognized under the
percentage-of-completion method. However, time and materials contracts that are service-related contracts are accounted for utilizing the proportional performance method. Revenue on contracts that are
not subject to maximum contract values is recognized based on the actual number of hours we spend on the projects plus any actual out-of-pocket costs of materials and other direct incidental
expenditures that we incur on the projects. Our time-and-materials contracts also generally include annual billing rate adjustment provisions.   

                  Cost-Plus.       Under cost-plus contracts, we are reimbursed for allowable or otherwise defined costs
incurred plus a negotiated fee. The contracts may
also include incentives for various performance criteria, including quality, timeliness, ingenuity, safety and cost-effectiveness. In addition, our costs are generally subject to review by our clients
and regulatory audit agencies, and such reviews could result in costs being disputed as non-reimbursable under the terms of the contract. Revenue for cost-plus contracts is recognized at the time
services are performed. Revenue is not recognized for non-recoverable costs. Performance incentives are included in our estimates of revenue when their realization is reasonably assured.   

                If
estimated total costs on any contract indicate a loss, we recognize the entire estimated loss in the period the loss becomes known. The cumulative effect of revisions to revenue,
estimated costs to complete contracts, including penalties, incentive awards, change orders, claims, liquidated damages, anticipated losses, and other revisions are recorded in the period in which the
revisions are identified and the loss can be reasonably estimated. Such revisions could occur in any reporting period and the effects may be material depending on the size of the project or the
adjustment.   

  83  

Table of Contents   

TETRA TECH, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

2.           Basis of Presentation and Preparation (Continued)    

                Once
contract performance is underway, we may experience changes in conditions, client requirements, specifications, designs, materials, and expectations regarding the period of
performance. Such changes are "change orders" and may be initiated by us or by our clients. In many cases, agreement with the client as to the terms of change orders is reached prior to work
commencing; however, sometimes circumstances require that work progress without obtaining client agreement. Revenue related to change orders is recognized as costs are incurred. Change orders that are
unapproved as to both price and scope are evaluated as claims.   

                Claims
are amounts in excess of agreed contract prices that we seek to collect from our clients or other third parties for delays, errors in specifications and designs, contract
terminations, change orders in dispute or unapproved as to both scope and price, or other causes of unanticipated additional costs. Revenue on claims is recognized only to the extent that contract
costs related to the claims have been incurred and when it is probable that the claim will result in a bona fide addition to contract value that can be reliably estimated. No profit is recognized on a
claim until final settlement occurs. This can lead to a situation in which costs are recognized in one period and revenue is recognized in a subsequent period when a client agreement is obtained or a
claims resolution occurs.   

                   Cash and Cash Equivalents.        Cash and cash equivalents include all highly liquid investments
with maturities of 90 days or less at the date of
purchase. Restricted cash of $2.5 million was included in "Prepaid expenses and other current assets" on the consolidated balance sheet at fiscal 2016 year-end. For cash held by our
consolidated joint ventures, see Note 17, "Joint Ventures."   

Insurance Matters, Litigation and Contingencies.        In the normal course of business, we are
subject to certain contractual guarantees and litigation.
In addition, we maintain insurance coverage for various aspects of our business and operations. We record in our consolidated balance sheets amounts representing our estimated liability for these
legal and insurance obligations. We include any adjustments to these liabilities in our consolidated results of operations.   

                   Accounts Receivable   Net.        Net accounts receivable is primarily comprised of
billed and unbilled accounts receivable, contract
retentions and allowances for doubtful accounts. Billed accounts receivable represent amounts billed to clients that have not been collected. Unbilled accounts receivable represent revenue recognized
but not yet billed pursuant to contract terms or billed after the period end date. Most of our unbilled receivables at October 2, 2016 are expected to be billed and collected within
12 months. Unbilled accounts receivable also include amounts related to requests for equitable adjustment to contracts that provide for price redetermination. These amounts are recorded only
when they can be reliably estimated and realization is probable. Contract retentions represent amounts withheld by clients until certain conditions are met or the project is completed, which may be
several months or years. Allowances for doubtful accounts represent the amounts that may become uncollectible or unrealizable in the future. We determine an estimated allowance for uncollectible
accounts based on management's consideration of trends in the actual and forecasted credit quality of our clients, including delinquency and payment history; type of client, such as a government
agency or a commercial sector client; and general economic and particular industry conditions that may affect a client's ability to pay. Billings in excess of costs on uncompleted contracts represent
the amount of cash collected from clients and billings to clients on contracts in advance of work performed and revenue recognized. The majority of these amounts will be earned within
12 months.   

  84  

Table of Contents   

TETRA TECH, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

2.           Basis of Presentation and Preparation (Continued)    

Property and Equipment.        Property and equipment are recorded at cost and are depreciated over
their estimated useful lives using the straight-line
method. When property and equipment are retired or otherwise disposed of, the cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from our consolidated balance sheets and any resulting gain or loss is
reflected in our consolidated statements of income. Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are expensed as incurred. Generally, estimated useful lives range from three to ten years for equipment,
furniture and fixtures. Buildings are depreciated over periods not exceeding 40 years. Leasehold improvements are amortized on a straight-line basis over the shorter of their estimated useful
lives or the length of the lease.   

Long-Lived Assets.        Our policy regarding long-lived assets is to evaluate the recoverability
of our assets when the facts and circumstances suggest
that the assets may be impaired. This assessment is performed based on the estimated undiscounted cash flows compared to the carrying value of the assets. If the future cash flows (undiscounted and
without interest charges) are less than the carrying value, a write-down would be recorded to reduce the related asset to its estimated fair value.   

                We
recognize a liability for contract termination costs associated with an exit activity for costs that will continue to be incurred under a lease for its remaining term without
economic benefit to us, initially measured at its fair value at the cease-use date. The fair value is determined based on the remaining lease rentals, adjusted for the effects of any prepaid or
deferred items recognized under the lease, and reduced by estimated sublease rentals.   

                   Business Combinations.        The cost of an acquired company is assigned to the tangible and
intangible assets purchased and the liabilities assumed on
the basis of their fair values at the date of acquisition. The determination of fair values of assets and liabilities acquired requires us to make estimates and use valuation techniques when a market
value is not readily available. Any excess of purchase price over the fair value of net tangible and intangible assets acquired is allocated to goodwill. Goodwill typically represents the value paid
for the assembled workforce and enhancement of our service offerings. Transaction costs associated with business combinations are expensed as they are incurred.   

                   Goodwill and Intangible Assets.        Goodwill represents the excess of the aggregate purchase
price over the
fair value of the net assets acquired in a business acquisition. Following an acquisition, we perform an analysis to value the acquired company's tangible and identifiable intangible assets and
liabilities. With respect to identifiable intangible assets, we consider backlog, non-compete agreements, client relations, trade names, patents and other assets. We amortize our intangible assets
based on the period over which the contractual or economic benefits of the intangible assets are expected to be realized. We assess the recoverability of the unamortized balance of our intangible
assets when indicators of impairment are present based on expected future profitability and undiscounted expected cash flows and their contribution to our overall operations. Should the review
indicate that the carrying value is not fully recoverable, the excess of the carrying value over the fair value of the intangible assets would be recognized as an impairment loss.   

We
test our goodwill for impairment on an annual basis, and more frequently when an event occurs or circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the asset may not be recoverable.
We believe the methodology that we use to review impairment of goodwill, which includes a significant amount of judgment and estimates, provides us with a reasonable basis to determine whether
impairment has occurred. However, many of the factors employed in determining whether our goodwill is impaired are   

  85  

Table of Contents   

TETRA TECH, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

2.           Basis of Presentation and Preparation (Continued)    

outside
of our control and it is reasonably likely that assumptions and estimates will change in future periods. These changes could result in future impairments.   

                We
perform our annual goodwill impairment review at the beginning of our fiscal fourth quarter. Our last annual review was performed at June 27, 2016 (i.e., the first day
of our fiscal fourth quarter). In addition, we regularly evaluate whether events and circumstances have occurred that may indicate a potential change in recoverability of goodwill. We perform interim
goodwill impairment reviews between our annual reviews if certain events and circumstances have occurred, including a deterioration in general economic conditions, an increased competitive
environment, a change in management, key personnel, strategy or customers, negative or declining cash flows, or a decline in actual or planned revenue or earnings compared with actual and projected
results of relevant prior periods (See Note 6, "Goodwill and Intangible Assets" for further discussion). We assess goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level, which is defined as an
operating segment or one level below an operating segment, referred to as a component. Our operating segments are the same as our reportable segments and our reporting units for goodwill impairment
testing are the components one level below our reportable segments. These components constitute a business for which discrete financial information is available and where segment management regularly
reviews the operating results of that component. We aggregate components within an operating segment that have similar economic characteristics.   

The
impairment test for goodwill is a two-step process involving the comparison of the estimated fair value of each reporting unit to the reporting unit's carrying value, including
goodwill. We estimate the fair value of reporting units based on a comparison and weighting of the income approach, specifically the discounted cash flow method and the market approach, which
estimates the fair value of our
reporting units based upon comparable market prices and recent transactions and also validates the reasonableness of the multiples from the income approach. If the fair value of a reporting unit
exceeds its carrying amount, the goodwill of the reporting unit is not considered impaired; therefore, the second step of the impairment test is unnecessary. If the carrying amount of a reporting unit
exceeds its fair value, we perform the second step of the goodwill impairment test to measure the amount of impairment loss to be recorded. If our goodwill is impaired, we are required to record a
non-cash charge that could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial statements.   

                   Contingent Consideration.        Most of our acquisition agreements include contingent earn-out
arrangements, which are generally based on the achievement
of future operating income thresholds. The contingent earn-out arrangements are based upon our valuations of the acquired companies and reduce the risk of overpaying for acquisitions if the projected
financial results are not achieved.   

                The
fair values of these earn-out arrangements are included as part of the purchase price of the acquired companies on their respective acquisition dates. For each transaction, we
estimate the fair value of contingent earn-out payments as part of the initial purchase price and record the estimated fair value of contingent consideration as a liability in "Current contingent
earn-out liabilities" and "Long-term contingent earn-out liabilities" on the consolidated balance sheets. We consider several factors when determining that contingent earn-out liabilities are part of
the purchase price, including the following: (1) the valuation of our acquisitions is not supported solely by the initial consideration paid, and the contingent earn-out formula is a critical
and material component of the valuation approach to determining the purchase price; and (2) the former owners of acquired companies that remain as key employees receive compensation other than
contingent earn-out payments at a reasonable level compared with the   

  86  

Table of Contents   

TETRA TECH, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

2.           Basis of Presentation and Preparation (Continued)    

  compensation
of our other key employees. The contingent earn-out payments are not affected by employment termination.   

                We
measure our contingent earn-out liabilities at fair value on a recurring basis using significant unobservable inputs classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. We
use a probability weighted discounted income approach as a valuation technique to convert future estimated cash flows to a single present value amount. The significant unobservable inputs used in the
fair value measurements are operating income projections over the earn-out period (generally two or three years), and the probability outcome percentages we assign to each scenario. Significant
increases or decreases to either of these inputs in isolation would result in a significantly higher or lower liability with a higher liability capped by the contractual maximum of the contingent
earn-out obligation. Ultimately, the liability will be equivalent to the amount paid, and the difference between the fair value estimate and amount paid will be recorded in earnings. The amount paid
that is less than or equal to the liability on the
acquisition date is reflected as cash used in financing activities in our consolidated statements of cash flows. Any amount paid in excess of the liability on the acquisition date is reflected as cash
used in operating activities.   

                We
review and re-assess the estimated fair value of contingent consideration on a quarterly basis, and the updated fair value could differ materially from the initial estimates. Changes
in the estimated fair value of our contingent earn-out liabilities related to the time component of the present value calculation are reported in interest expense. Adjustments to the estimated fair
value related to changes in all other unobservable inputs are reported in operating income.   

                   Fair Value of Financial Instruments.        We determine the fair values of our financial
instruments, including short-term investments, debt instruments
and derivative instruments based on inputs or assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or a liability. We categorize our instruments using a valuation hierarchy for
disclosure of the inputs used to measure fair value. This hierarchy prioritizes the inputs into three broad levels as follows: Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets
for identical assets or liabilities; Level 2 inputs are quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets or inputs that are observable for the asset or liability, either
directly or indirectly through market corroboration, for substantially the full term of the financial instrument; and Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs based on our own assumptions used to
measure assets and liabilities at fair value. The classification of a financial asset or liability within the hierarchy is determined based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair
value measurement.   

                The
carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable and accounts payable approximate fair values based on their short-term nature. The carrying amounts of our
revolving credit facility approximates fair value because the interest rates are based upon variable reference rates (see Note 9, "Long-Term Debt" and Note 14, "Derivative Financial
Instruments" for additional disclosure). Certain other assets and liabilities, such as contingent earn-out liabilities, assets held for sale and amounts related to cash-flow hedges, are required to be
carried in our consolidated financial statements at fair value.   

Our
fair value measurement methods may produce a fair value calculation that may not be indicative of net realizable value or reflective of future fair values. Although we believe our
valuation methods are appropriate and consistent with those used by other market participants, the use of different   

  87  

Table of Contents   

TETRA TECH, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

2.           Basis of Presentation and Preparation (Continued)    

  methodologies
or assumptions to determine fair value could result in a different fair value measurement at the reporting date.   

Derivative Financial Instruments.        We account for our derivative instruments as either assets
or liabilities and carry them at fair value. For
derivative instruments that hedge the exposure to variability in expected future cash flows that are designated as cash flow hedges, the effective portion of the gain or loss on the derivative
instrument is reported as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) in stockholders' equity and reclassified into income in the same period or periods during which the hedged
transaction affects earnings. The ineffective portion of the gain or loss on the derivative instrument, if any, is recognized in current income. To receive hedge accounting treatment, cash flow hedges
must be highly effective in offsetting changes to expected future cash flows on hedged transactions.   

                The
net gain or loss on the effective portion of a derivative instrument that is designated as an economic hedge of the foreign currency translation exposure generated by the
re-measurement of certain assets and liabilities denominated in a non-functional currency in a foreign operation is reported in the same manner as a foreign currency translation adjustment.
Accordingly, any gains or losses related to these derivative instruments are recognized in current income. Derivatives that do not qualify as hedges are adjusted to fair value through current income.   

                   Deferred Compensation.        We maintain a non-qualified defined contribution supplemental
retirement plan for certain key employees and non-employee
directors that is accounted for in accordance with applicable authoritative guidance on accounting for deferred compensation arrangements where amounts earned are held in a rabbi trust and invested.
Employee deferrals and our match are deposited into a rabbi trust, and the funds are generally invested in individual variable life insurance contracts that we own and are specifically designed to
informally fund savings plans of this nature. Our consolidated balance sheets reflect our investment in variable life insurance contracts in "Other long-term assets." Our obligation to participating
employees is reflected in "Other long-term liabilities." All income and expenses related to the rabbi trust are reflected in our consolidated statements of income.   

                   Income Taxes.        We file a consolidated U.S. federal income tax return and a combined
California franchise tax return. In addition, we file
other returns that are required in the states, foreign jurisdictions and other jurisdictions in which we do business. We account for certain income and expense items differently for financial
reporting and income tax purposes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are computed for the difference between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities that will result in
taxable or deductible amounts in the future based on enacted tax laws and rates applicable to the periods in which the differences are expected to reverse. In determining the need for a valuation
allowance, management reviews both positive and negative evidence, including current and historical results of operations, future income projections and potential tax planning strategies. Based on our
assessment, we have concluded that a portion of the deferred tax assets at October 2, 2016 will not be realized.   

                According
to the authoritative guidance on accounting for uncertainty in income taxes, we may recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not
that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a
position should be measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate   

  88  

Table of Contents   

TETRA TECH, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

2.           Basis of Presentation and Preparation (Continued)    

  settlement.
This guidance also addresses de-recognition, classification, interest and penalties on income taxes, accounting in interim periods and disclosure requirements for uncertain tax positions.   

Concentration of Credit Risk.        Financial instruments that subject us to credit risk consist
primarily of cash and cash equivalents and net accounts
receivable. In the event that we have surplus cash, we place our temporary cash investments with lower risk financial institutions and, by policy, limit the amount of investment exposure to any one
financial institution. Approximately 22% of accounts receivable were due from various agencies of the U.S. federal government at fiscal 2016 year-end. The remaining accounts receivable are
generally diversified due to the large number of organizations comprising our client base and their geographic dispersion. We perform ongoing credit evaluations of our clients and maintain an
allowance for potential credit losses. Approximately 42.4%, 29.5% and 28.1% of our fiscal 2016 revenue was generated from our U.S government, U.S. commercial and international clients, respectively
(see Note 19, "Reportable Segments" for more information).   

                   Foreign Currency Translation.        We determine the functional currency of our foreign operating
units based upon the primary currency in which they
operate. These operating units maintain their accounting records in their local currency, primarily Canadian and Australian dollars. Where the functional currency is not the U.S. dollar, translation
of assets and liabilities to U.S. dollars is based on exchange rates at the balance sheet date. Translation of revenue and expenses to U.S. dollars is based on the average rate during the period.
Translation gains or losses are reported as a component of other comprehensive income (loss). Gains or losses from foreign currency transactions are included in results of operations, with the
exception of intercompany foreign transactions that are considered long-term investments, which are recorded in "Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)" on the consolidated balance sheets.   

                   Recently Adopted and Pending Accounting Guidance.        In November 2015, the Financial Accounting
Standards Board ("FASB") issued updated guidance as a part of its ongoing Simplification Initiative, with the objective of reducing complexity in accounting standards. The updated guidance requires
that all deferred tax assets and liabilities, along with any related valuation allowance, be classified as noncurrent on the balance sheet. This guidance does not change the offsetting requirements
for deferred tax liabilities and assets, which results in the presentation of one amount on the balance sheet. We adopted this guidance prospectively as of October 2, 2016, and our consolidated
balance sheet reflects the new guidance for classification of deferred taxes.   

                In
February 2015, the FASB issued updated guidance which changes the analysis that a reporting entity must perform to determine whether it should consolidate certain types of legal
entities. The updated guidance is effective for interim and annual reporting periods in years beginning after December 15, 2015, with early adoption permitted. We adopted this guidance, which
did not have an impact on our consolidated financial statements.   

                In
April 2015, the FASB issued updated guidance intended to simplify, and provide consistency to, the presentation of debt issuance costs. The new standard requires that debt issuance
costs be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of the debt liability, consistent with debt discounts. The updated guidance is effective for interim and annual
reporting periods in years beginning after December 15, 2015, with early adoption permitted. We adopted this guidance, which did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial
statements. We had $2.6 million of unamortized debt issuance costs at October 2, 2016.   

  89  

Table of Contents   

TETRA TECH, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

2.           Basis of Presentation and Preparation (Continued)    

                In
August 2015, the FASB issued updated guidance relating to the SEC Staff Announcement at the June 18, 2015 Emerging Issues Task Force meeting on the presentation and subsequent
measurement of debt issuance costs associated with line-of-credit arrangements. The updated guidance allows for the deferral and presentation of debt issuance costs as an asset which may be amortized
ratably over the term of the line-of-credit arrangement, regardless of whether there are any related outstanding borrowings. The updated guidance is effective for interim and annual reporting periods
in years beginning after December 15, 2015, with early adoption permitted. We adopted this guidance, which did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.   

                In
September 2015, the FASB issued updated guidance to simplify measurement-period adjustments in business combinations. The updated guidance eliminated the requirement that an acquirer
in a business combination account for measurement-period adjustments retrospectively. Instead, an acquirer will recognize a measurement-period adjustment during the period in which it determines the
amount of the adjustment. The updated guidance was effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2015, with early adoption permitted. We adopted this guidance,
which did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.   

                In
May 2014, the FASB issued an accounting standard that will supersede existing revenue recognition guidance under current U.S. GAAP. The new standard is a comprehensive new
revenue recognition model that requires a company to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of goods or services to a customer at an amount that reflects the consideration it expects to receive in
exchange for those goods and services. The accounting standard is effective for us in the first quarter of fiscal 2019. Companies may use either a full retrospective or a modified retrospective
approach to adopt this standard. We are currently evaluating the impact and method of the adoption of this guidance on our consolidated financial statements.   

                In
January 2015, the FASB issued an amendment to the accounting guidance related to the income statement presentation of extraordinary and unusual items. The amendment eliminates from
U.S. GAAP the concept of extraordinary items. The guidance is effective for us in the first quarter of fiscal 2017. We do not expect the adoption of this guidance to have an impact on our
consolidated financial statements.   

                In
January 2016, the FASB issued guidance that generally requires companies to measure investments in other entities, except those accounted for under the equity method, at fair value
and recognize any changes in fair value in net income. The guidance is effective for annual and interim reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017. We do not expect the adoption of
this guidance to have a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements.   

                In
February 2016, the FASB issued guidance that primarily requires lessees to recognize most leases on their balance sheets but record expenses on their income statements in a manner
similar to current accounting. For lessors, the guidance modifies the classification criteria and the accounting for sales-type and direct financing leases. The guidance is effective for annual and
interim periods beginning after December 15, 2018, with early adoption permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact that this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements.   

                In
March 2016, the FASB issued updated guidance which requires excess tax benefits and deficiencies on share-based payments to be recorded as income tax expense or benefit in the income   

  90  

Table of Contents   

TETRA TECH, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

2.           Basis of Presentation and Preparation (Continued)    

  statement
rather than being recorded in additional paid-in capital. This guidance is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2016, with early adoption permitted.
We do not expect the adoption of this guidance to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.   

In
June 2016, the FASB issued updated guidance which requires entities to estimate all expected credit losses for certain types of financial instruments, including trade receivables,
held at the reporting date based on historical experience, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts. The updated guidance also expands the disclosure requirements to enable users
of financial statements to understand the entity's assumptions, models and methods for estimating expected credit losses. This guidance is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after
December 15, 2019, with early adoption permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact that this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements.   

In
August 2016, the FASB issued guidance to address eight specific cash flow issues to reduce the existing diversity in practice in how certain cash receipts and cash payments are
presented and classified in the statement of cash flows. This guidance is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2017, with early adoption permitted. We are
currently evaluating the impact that this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements.   

                In
October 2016, the FASB issued updated guidance which requires entities to recognize the income tax consequences of an intra-entity transfer of an asset other than inventory when the
transfer occurs. The updated guidance also requires entities to disclose a comparison of income tax expense or benefit with statutory expectations and disclose the types of temporary differences and
carryforwards that give rise to a significant portion of deferred income taxes. This guidance is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2017, with early adoption
permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact that this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements.   

3.           Stock Repurchase and Dividends     

On November 10, 2014, the Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program under which we could repurchase up to $200 million of our common stock
over the
succeeding two years. In fiscal 2016, we repurchased through open market purchases under this program a total of 3,468,062 shares at an average price of $28.69, for a total cost of
$99.5 million.   

                On
November 9, 2015, the Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.08 per share payable on December 11, 2015 to stockholders of record as of the close of
business on November 30, 2015. On January 25, 2016, the Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.08 per share payable on February 26, 2016 to stockholders of
record as of the close of business on February 12, 2016. On April 25, 2016, the Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.09 per share payable on May 27, 2016 to
stockholders of record as of the close of business on May 13, 2016. On July 25, 2016, the Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.09 per share payable on
August 31, 2016 to stockholders of record as of the close of business on August 12, 2016. Dividends totaling $19.7 million and $18.2 million were paid in fiscal 2016 and
fiscal 2015, respectively.   

                  Subsequent Events.       On November 7, 2016, the Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash
dividend of $0.09 per share payable on
December 14, 2016 to stockholders of record as of the close of business on December 1, 2016. The Board also authorized a new stock repurchase program under which we could repurchase up
to $200 million of our common stock.   

  91  

Table of Contents   

TETRA TECH, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

4.           Accounts Receivable   Net and Revenue Recognition     

Net accounts receivable and billings in excess of costs on uncompleted contracts consisted of the following at October 2, 2016 and September 27, 2015:

Billed
accounts receivable represent amounts billed to clients that have not been collected. Unbilled accounts receivable represent revenue recognized but not yet billed pursuant to
contract terms or billed after the period end date. Except for amounts related to claims as discussed below, most of our unbilled receivables at October 2, 2016 are expected to be billed and
collected within 12 months. Contract retentions represent amounts withheld by clients until certain conditions are met or the project is completed, which may be several months or years. The
allowance for doubtful accounts represents amounts that are expected to become uncollectible or unrealizable in the future. We determine an estimated allowance for uncollectible accounts based on
management's consideration of trends in the actual and forecasted credit quality of our clients, including delinquency and payment history; type of client, such as a government agency or a commercial
sector client; and general economic and particular industry conditions that may affect a client's ability to pay. Billings in excess of costs on uncompleted contracts represent the amount of cash
collected from clients and billings to clients on contracts in advance of revenue recognized. The majority of billings in excess of costs on uncompleted contracts will be earned within
12 months.   

                Once
contract performance is underway, we may experience changes in conditions, client requirements, specifications, designs, materials and expectations regarding the period of
performance. Such changes result in "change orders" and may be initiated by us or by our clients. In many cases, agreement with the client as to the terms of change orders is reached prior to work
commencing; however, sometimes circumstances require that work progress without a definitive client agreement. Unapproved change orders constitute claims in excess of agreed contract prices that we
seek to collect from our clients (or other third parties) for delays, errors in specifications and designs, contract terminations, or other causes of unanticipated additional costs. Revenue on claims
is recognized when contract costs related to claims have been incurred and when their addition to contract value can be reliably estimated. This can lead to a situation in which costs are recognized
in one period and revenue is recognized in a subsequent period, such as when client agreement is obtained or a claims resolution occurs.   

  92  

Table of Contents    

TETRA TECH, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)     

4.           Accounts Receivable   Net and Revenue Recognition (Continued)     

Total accounts receivable at October 2, 2016 and September 27, 2015 included $45 million and $53 million, respectively, related to claims,
including requests
for equitable adjustment, on contracts that provide for price redetermination. During fiscal 2016, we collected $13.4 million to settle claims of $8.8 million, which resulted in gains in
operating income of $4.6 million in the RCM reportable segment. We regularly evaluate all unsettled claim amounts and record appropriate adjustments to operating earnings when it is probable
that the claim will result in a different contract value than the amount previously estimated. In fiscal 2016, we also recognized reductions to operating income in our RCM segment and a related
increase in the allowance for doubtful accounts of $7.9 million as a result of our updated assessment of the collectability of certain accounts receivable, of which $4.6 million related
to unsettled claims. In fiscal 2015, we settled two claims related to completed transportation projects in the RCM segment totaling $31 million for cash proceeds of $29 million and, as a
result, recognized reduced revenue and operating income of $2.0 million.   

Billed
accounts receivable related to U.S. federal government contracts were $47.4 million and $61.9 million at October 2, 2016 and September 27, 2015,
respectively. U.S. federal government unbilled receivables were $92.2 million and $74.2 million at October 2, 2016 and September 27, 2015, respectively. Other than the U.S.
federal government, no single client accounted for more than 10% of our accounts receivable at October 2, 2016 and September 27, 2015.   

5.           Mergers and Acquisitions     

In fiscal 2014, we made immaterial acquisitions that enhanced our service offerings and expanded our geographic presence in our WEI and RME segments.   

                In
fiscal 2015, we acquired Cornerstone Environmental Group, LLC ("CEG"), headquartered in Middletown, New York. CEG is an environmental engineering and consulting firm focused
on solid waste markets in the United States, and is included in our RME segment. The fair value of the purchase price for CEG was $15.9 million. Of this amount, $11.8 million was paid to
the former owners and $4.1 million was the estimated fair value of contingent earn-out obligations, with a maximum of $9.8 million, based upon the achievement of specified financial
objectives. The results of this acquisition were included in the consolidated financial statements from the closing date. The acquisition was not considered material to our consolidated financial
statements. As a result, no pro forma information has been provided.   

                On
January 18, 2016, we acquired control of Coffey International Limited ("Coffey"), headquartered in Sydney, Australia. Coffey had approximately 3,300 staff delivering technical
and engineering solutions in international development and geoscience. Coffey significantly expands our geographic presence, particularly in Australia and Asia Pacific, and is part of our RME segment.
In addition to Australia, Coffey's international development business has operations supporting federal government agencies in the U.S. and the United Kingdom. The fair value of the purchase price for
Coffey was $76.1 million, in addition to $65.1 million of assumed debt, which consisted of secured bank term debt of $37.1 million and unsecured corporate bond obligations of
$28.0 million. All of this debt was paid in full in the second quarter of fiscal 2016 subsequent to the acquisition.   

                In
the second quarter of fiscal 2016, we also acquired INDUS Corporation ("INDUS"), headquartered in Vienna, Virginia. INDUS is an information technology solutions firm focused on water
data analytics, geospatial analysis, secure infrastructure, and software applications management for U.S.   

  93  

Table of Contents   

TETRA TECH, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

5.           Mergers and Acquisitions (Continued)    

federal
government customers, and is included in our WEI segment. The fair value of the purchase price for INDUS was $18.7 million. Of this amount, $14.0 million was paid to the sellers
and $4.7 million was the estimated fair value of contingent earn-out obligations, with a maximum of $8.0 million, based upon the achievement of specified operating income targets in each
of the two years following the acquisition.   

The
following table summarizes the estimated fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the respective acquisition dates for our acquisitions completed in fiscal 2016
(in thousands):   

Goodwill
additions resulting from the above business combinations are primarily attributable to the existing workforce of the acquired companies and the synergies expected to arise
after the acquisitions. Specifically, goodwill additions related to the fiscal 2016 acquisitions primarily represent the value of workforces with distinct expertise in the international development,
geoscience, and software applications management markets. The goodwill addition related to the fiscal 2015 acquisition primarily represents the value of the workforce with distinct expertise in the
solid waste market. In addition, these acquired capabilities, when combined with our existing global consulting and engineering business, result in opportunities that allow us to provide services
under contracts that could not have been pursued individually by either us or the acquired companies. The results of these acquisitions were included in the consolidated financial statements from
their respective closing dates.   

                Backlog
and trade name intangible assets include the fair value of existing contracts and the underlying customer relationships with lives ranging from 1 to 5 years (weighted
average of approximately 3 years) and the fair value of trade names with lives ranging from 3 to 5 years. The purchase price allocation is preliminary and subject to adjustment based
upon the final determination of the net assets acquired and information necessary to perform the final valuation. We have not yet completed our final assessment of the fair values of purchased
receivables, intangible assets, tax balances, contingent liabilities or acquired contracts. The final purchase price allocations may result in adjustments to
certain assets and liabilities, including the residual amount allocated to goodwill. Goodwill recognized largely results from a substantial and technically qualified assembled workforce, which does
not qualify for separate recognition, as well as expected future synergies from combining operations.   

                The
table below presents summarized unaudited consolidated pro forma operating results including the related acquisition, integration and debt pre-payment charges, assuming we had
acquired Coffey and INDUS at the beginning of fiscal 2015. These pro-forma operating results are presented for   

  94  

Table of Contents   

TETRA TECH, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

5.           Mergers and Acquisitions (Continued)    

illustrative
purposes only and are not indicative of the operating results that would have been achieved had the related events occurred at the beginning of fiscal 2015.   

Since
their respective acquisition dates, Coffey and INDUS combined contributed $320.6 million in revenue and $13.6 million in operating income for fiscal 2016.
Amortization of intangible assets since their respective acquisition dates was $6.7 million for 2016.   

Acquisition
and integration expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of income are comprised of the following:   

As
of October 2, 2016, all of the acquisition and integration expenses incurred to date have been paid. All acquisition and integration expenses are included in our Corporate
reportable segment, as presented in Note 19. In addition, in the second quarter of fiscal 2016, we repaid Coffey's bank loans and corporate bonds in full, including $1.9 million in
pre-payment charges that are included in interest expense.   

Most
of our acquisition agreements include contingent earn-out agreements, which are generally based on the achievement of future operating income thresholds. The contingent earn-out
arrangements are based on our valuations of the acquired companies, and reduce the risk of overpaying for acquisitions if the projected financial results are not achieved. The fair values of any
earn-out arrangements are included as part of the purchase price of the acquired companies on their respective acquisition dates. For each transaction, we estimate the fair value of contingent
earn-out payments as part of the initial purchase price and record the estimated fair value of contingent consideration as a liability in "Current contingent earn-out liabilities" and "Long-term
contingent earn-out liabilities" on the consolidated balance sheets. We consider several factors when determining that contingent earn-out liabilities are part of the purchase   

  95  

Table of Contents   

TETRA TECH, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

5.           Mergers and Acquisitions (Continued)    

  price,
including the following: (1) the valuation of our acquisitions is not supported solely by the initial consideration paid, and the contingent earn-out formula is a critical and material
component of the valuation approach to determining the purchase price; and (2) the former owners of acquired companies that remain as key employees receive compensation other than contingent
earn-out payments at a
reasonable level compared with the compensation of our other key employees. The contingent earn-out payments are not affected by employment termination.   

We
measure our contingent earn-out liabilities at fair value on a recurring basis using significant unobservable inputs classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. We
use a probability-weighted discounted income approach as a valuation technique to convert future estimated cash flows to a single present value amount. The significant unobservable inputs used in the
fair value measurements are operating income projections over the earn-out period (generally two or three years), and the probability outcome percentages we assign to each scenario. Significant
increases or decreases to either of these inputs in isolation would result in a significantly higher or lower liability, with a higher liability capped by the contractual maximum of the contingent
earn-out obligation. Ultimately, the liability will be equivalent to the amount paid, and the difference between the fair value estimate and amount paid will be recorded in earnings. The amount paid
that is less than or equal to the contingent earn-out liability on the acquisition date is reflected as cash used in financing activities in our consolidated statements of cash flows. Any amount paid
in excess of the contingent earn-out liability on the acquisition date is reflected as cash used in operating activities.   

                We
review and re-assess the estimated fair value of contingent consideration on a quarterly basis, and the updated fair value could differ materially from the initial estimates. Changes
in the estimated fair value of our contingent earn-out liabilities related to the time component of the present value calculation are reported in interest expense. Adjustments to the estimated fair
value related to changes in all other unobservable inputs are reported in operating income. During fiscal 2016, we increased our contingent earn-out liabilities and reported related losses in
operating income of $2.8 million. These losses include a $1.8 million charge that reflected our updated valuation of the contingent consideration liability for CEG. This valuation
included our updated projection of CEG's financial performance during the earn-out period, which exceeded our original estimate at the acquisition date. The remaining $1.0 million loss
represented the final cash settlement of an earn-out liability that was valued at $0 at the end of fiscal 2015.   

During
fiscal 2015, we decreased our contingent earn-out liabilities and reported a related gain in operating income of $3.1 million. This gain resulted from an updated valuation
of the contingent consideration liability for Caber Engineering Inc. ("Caber"), which is part of our RME segment.   

                The
acquisition agreement for Caber included a contingent earn-out agreement based on the achievement of operating income thresholds (in Canadian dollars) in each of the first two years
beginning on the acquisition date, which was in the first quarter of fiscal 2014. The maximum earn-out obligation over the two-year earn-out period was C$8.0 million (C$4.0 million in
each year). These amounts could be earned on a pro-rata basis for operating income within a predetermined range in each year. Caber was required to meet a minimum operating income threshold in each
year to earn any contingent consideration. These thresholds were C$4.0 million and C$4.6 million in years one and two, respectively. In order to earn the maximum contingent
consideration, Caber needed to generate operating income of C$4.4 million in year one and C$5.1 million in year two.   

  96  

Table of Contents   

TETRA TECH, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

5.           Mergers and Acquisitions (Continued)    

                The
determination of the fair value of the purchase price for Caber on the acquisition date included our estimate of the fair value of the related contingent earn-out obligation. This
initial valuation was primarily based on probability-weighted internal estimates of Caber's operating income during each earn-out period. As a result of these estimates, we calculated an initial fair
value at the acquisition date of Caber's contingent earn-out liability of C$6.5 million in the first quarter of fiscal 2014. In determining that Caber would earn 81% of the maximum potential
earn-out, we considered several factors including Caber's recent historical revenue and operating income levels and growth rates. We also considered the recent trend in Caber's backlog level and the
prospects for the oil and gas industry in Western Canada.   

                Caber's
actual financial performance in the first earn-out period exceeded our original estimate at the acquisition date. As a result, in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014, we increased
the related contingent consideration liability and recognized a loss of $1.0 million. This updated valuation included our assumption that Caber would earn the maximum amount of contingent
consideration of $4.0 million in the first earn-out period. In the second quarter of fiscal 2015, we completed our final calculation of the contingent consideration for the first earn-out
period and paid contingent consideration of C$4.0 million (USD$3.2 million). At that time we also evaluated our estimate of Caber's contingent consideration liability for the second
earn-out period. This assessment included a review of the status of ongoing projects in Caber's backlog, and the inventory of prospective new contract awards. We also considered the status of the oil
and gas industry in Western Canada, particularly in light of the decline in oil prices at the time. As a result of this assessment, we concluded that Caber's operating income in the second earn-out
period would be lower than our original estimate at the acquisition date and our subsequent estimates through the first quarter of fiscal 2015. We also concluded that Caber's operating income for the
second earn-out period would be lower than the minimum requirement of C$4.6 million to earn any contingent consideration. Accordingly, in the second quarter of fiscal 2015, we reduced the Caber
contingent earn-out liability to $0, which resulted in a gain of $3.1 million. The second earn-out period ended in the first quarter of fiscal 2016 with no further adjustments.   

                The
fiscal 2014 net gains primarily resulted from updated valuations of the contingent consideration liabilities for Parkland Pipeline ("Parkland") and American Environmental Group
("AEG"), which are both part of our RME segment.   

The
acquisition agreement for Parkland included a contingent earn-out agreement based on the achievement of operating income thresholds (in Canadian dollars) in each of the first three
years beginning on the acquisition date, which was in the second quarter of fiscal 2013. The maximum earn-out obligation over the three-year earn-out period was C$56.0 million
(C$12.0 million, C$22.0 million and C$22.0 million in earn-out years one, two and three, respectively). These amounts could be earned primarily on a pro-rata basis for operating
income within a predetermined range in each year. To a lesser extent, additional earn-out consideration could be earned for operating income above the high-end of the range up to the contractual
maximum of C$56.0 million. Parkland was required to meet a minimum operating income threshold in each year in order to earn any contingent
consideration. These thresholds were C$34.7 million, C$38.2 million and C$41.9 million in years one, two and three, respectively. In order to earn the maximum contingent
consideration, Parkland would need to generate operating income of C$42.5 million in year one, C$46.4 million in year two, and C$50.6 million in year three.   

                The
determination of the fair value of the purchase price for Parkland on the acquisition date included our estimate of the fair value of the related contingent earn-out obligation.
This initial valuation   

  97  

Table of Contents   

TETRA TECH, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

5.           Mergers and Acquisitions (Continued)    

was
primarily based on probability-weighted internal estimates of Parkland's operating income during each earn-out period. As a result of these estimates, we calculated an initial fair value at the
acquisition date of Parkland's contingent earn-out liability of C$46.8 million in the second quarter of fiscal 2013. In determining that Parkland would attain 84% of the maximum potential
earn-out, we considered several factors including Parkland's recent historical revenue and operating income levels and growth rates, the recent trend in Parkland's backlog, and the prospects for the
midstream oil and gas industry in Western Canada.   

                As
discussed below, in fiscal 2014, we recorded decreases in our contingent earn-out liability for Parkland and reported related net gains in operating income of $44.6 million.
These gains resulted from Parkland's actual and projected post-acquisition performance falling below our initial expectations concerning the likelihood and timing of achieving the relevant operating
income thresholds. The remaining difference compared to the initial value was due to currency translation, and the related liability was $0 at the end of fiscal 2014.   

                In
the second quarter of fiscal 2014, we updated the estimated cost to complete a large fixed-price contract at Parkland, and determined that the project would be break-even compared to
the significant profit estimated the previous quarter when the project was initiated. As a result, during the second quarter of fiscal 2014 we reversed $5.3 million of profit previously
recognized on the project. This variance, and our updated estimate that the revenue for the remainder of the project would produce no operating income, resulted in our conclusion that Parkland's
operating income in the first and second earn-out periods would fall below the minimum operating income thresholds in each such year. As a result, we reduced the contingent earn-out liability for the
first and second earn-out periods to $0, which resulted in gains totaling $24.7 million ($5.6 million and $19.1 million in the first and second quarters of fiscal 2014,
respectively).   

                In
the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014, we updated our projection of Parkland's operating income for the third earn-out period. This assessment included a review of the projects in
Parkland's backlog, the inventory of prospective new contract awards, and the forecast for economic activity in the Western Canada oil and gas sector. As a result of this assessment, we concluded that
Parkland's operating
income in the third earn-out period would be lower than our original estimate at the acquisition date and would fall below the minimum operating income threshold. As a result, we reduced the remaining
contingent earn-out liability balance for the third earn-out period to $0, which resulted in a gain of $19.9 million.   

                The
acquisition agreement for AEG included a contingent earn-out agreement based on the achievement of operating income thresholds in each of the first two years beginning on the
acquisition date. The maximum earn-out obligation over the two-year earn-out period was $27.1 million ($11.3 million annually plus a $4.5 million one-time payment based on minimum
operating income in each year). The annual amounts could be earned primarily on a pro-rata basis for operating income within a predetermined range in each year. To a lesser extent, additional earn-out
consideration could be earned for operating income above the high-end of the range up to the contractual maximum of $27.1 million. AEG was required to meet a minimum operating income threshold
in each year in order to earn any contingent consideration. These minimum thresholds were $10.0 million and $11.0 million in years one and two, respectively. In order to earn the maximum
contingent consideration, AEG would need to achieve operating income of $17.5 million in year one and $18.5 million in year two. In addition, if AEG achieved   

  98  

Table of Contents   

TETRA TECH, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

5.           Mergers and Acquisitions (Continued)    

  operating
income of at least $9.0 million during both earn-out periods, AEG would receive $4.5 million at the end of the second earn-out period.   

                The
determination of the fair value of the purchase price for AEG on the acquisition date included our estimate of the fair value of the related contingent earn-out obligation. This
initial valuation was primarily based on probability-weighted internal estimates of AEG's operating income during each earn-out period. As a result of these estimates, we calculated an initial fair
value at the acquisition date of AEG's contingent earn-out liability of $21.5 million in the second quarter of fiscal 2013. In determining that AEG would attain 79% of the maximum potential
earn-out we considered several factors including AEG's recent historical revenue and operating income levels and growth rates. We also considered the recent trend in AEG's backlog level and the
prospects for the solid waste industry in the United States.   

                AEG's
first earn-out period ended on the last day of the first quarter of fiscal 2014. As a result, during the first quarter of fiscal 2014, we performed a preliminary calculation of
the contingent consideration for the first earn-out period and concluded that AEG's operating income in that period would be higher than both our original estimate at the acquisition date and our
previous quarterly estimates. As a result, we increased the contingent earn-out liability for the first earn-out period, which resulted in an additional expense of $1.0 million. The contingent
consideration of $9.1 million for the first earn-out period was paid in the second quarter of fiscal 2014.   

                During
calendar 2014, which corresponds to AEG's second earn-out period, adverse weather conditions hindered AEG's ability to complete its project field work. As a result, in the third
quarter of fiscal 2014, we updated our projection of AEG's operating income for its second earn-out period. This assessment included a review of the status of on-going projects in AEG's backlog, and
the inventory of prospective new contract awards. As a result of this assessment, we concluded that AEG's operating income in the second earn-out period would be significantly lower than our original
estimate at the acquisition date, would fall below the minimum operating income threshold, but would still exceed $9.0 million of operating income in order to earn the additional tranche. As a
result, we reduced the contingent earn-out liability, which resulted in a gain of $8.9 million in the third quarter of fiscal 2014.   

                During
the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014, we performed an updated projection of AEG's operating income for its second earn-out period based on actual results and the forecast for the
remainder of the second earn-out period. Based on this analysis, we concluded that AEG's operating income in the second earn-out period would be lower than the $9.0 million needed to receive
the $4.5 million of contingent consideration that remained accrued for performance in both earn-out years. As a result, we reduced the contingent earn-out liability to $0, which resulted in a
gain of $4.5 million in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014, and net gains of $13.2 million for all of fiscal 2014.   

                Each
time we determined that Caber's, AEG's and Parkland's operating income would be lower than our original estimate at the acquisition date, we also evaluated the related goodwill for
potential impairment. In each case, we determined that the lower income projections were the result of temporary events, and did not negatively impact the reporting unit's longer term performance or
result in a goodwill impairment.   

  99  

Table of Contents   

TETRA TECH, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

5.           Mergers and Acquisitions (Continued)    

                At
October 2, 2016, there was a total maximum of $15.5 million of outstanding contingent consideration related to acquisitions. Of this amount, $8.8 million was
estimated as the fair value and accrued on our consolidated balance sheet.   

                The
following table summarizes the changes in the carrying value of estimated contingent earn-out liabilities:   

6.           Goodwill and Intangible Assets     

The following table summarizes the changes in the carrying value of goodwill:   

We
perform our annual goodwill impairment review at the beginning of our fiscal fourth quarter. Our last review at June 27, 2016 (i.e. the first day of our fourth quarter
in fiscal 2016), indicated that we had no impairment of goodwill, and all of our reporting units had estimated fair values that were in excess of their carrying values, including goodwill. We had no
reporting units that had estimated fair values that   

  100  

Table of Contents   

TETRA TECH, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

6.           Goodwill and Intangible Assets (Continued)    

exceeded
their carrying values by less than 20%, excluding the impact of acquisitions completed within the last two fiscal years. In addition, we regularly evaluate whether events and circumstances
have occurred that may indicate a potential change in the recoverability of goodwill. We perform interim goodwill impairment reviews between our annual reviews if certain events and circumstances have
occurred, such as a deterioration in general economic conditions; an increase in the competitive environment; a change in management, key personnel, strategy or customers; negative or declining cash
flows; or a decline in actual or planned revenue or earnings compared with actual and projected results of relevant prior periods.   

In
the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015, the mining sector continued to contract in response to lower global growth expectations driven in large part by China's actual and projected slower
economic growth. Consistent with this trend, our mining customers continued their curtailment of capital spending for new mining projects. As a result, our Global Mining Practice ("GMP") reporting
unit experienced a 25% decline in revenue in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015 compared to the same period of fiscal 2014. This negative trend was compared to the expected revenue growth of
approximately 3% in the previous goodwill impairment test, performed as of June 30, 2014. In response to these results, we performed a strategic review of GMP in the fourth quarter of fiscal
2015, and determined that our mining activities would likely decline further in fiscal 2016, and that revenue and profits would not return to acceptable levels of performance in the foreseeable
future. We also decided to redeploy a significant portion of our mining resources into other operational areas that have better growth and profitability prospects. Consequently, as of the first day of
fiscal 2016, GMP was no longer a reporting unit. We considered GMP's financial performance and prospects in our goodwill impairment analysis in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015 and determined that
GMP's fair value had fallen significantly below its carrying value, including goodwill. As required, we performed further analysis to measure the amount of the impairment loss and, as a result, we
wrote-off all of GMP's goodwill and identifiable intangible assets and recorded a related impairment charge of $60.8 million ($57.3 million after-tax) in the fourth quarter of fiscal
2015. The related goodwill and identifiable intangible assets that were determined not to be recoverable totaled $58.1 million and $2.7 million, respectively.   

                Our
fourth quarter 2016 and 2015 goodwill impairment reviews indicated that we had no other impairment of goodwill, and all of our other reporting units had estimated fair values that
were in excess of their carrying values, including goodwill. Although we believe that our estimates of fair value for these reporting units are reasonable, if financial performance for these reporting
units falls significantly below our expectations or market prices for similar business decline, the goodwill for these reporting units could become impaired.   

Foreign
exchange impact relates to our foreign subsidiaries with functional currencies that are different than our reporting currency. The gross amounts of goodwill for WEI were
$304.4 million and $293.1 million at October 2, 2016 and September 27, 2015, respectively, excluding $82.4 million of accumulated impairment. The gross amounts of
goodwill for RME were $529.2 million and $423.8 million at October 2, 2016 and September 27, 2015, respectively, excluding $33.2 million of accumulated impairment.   

  101  

Table of Contents    

TETRA TECH, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)     

6.           Goodwill and Intangible Assets (Continued)     

The gross amount and accumulated amortization of our acquired identifiable intangible assets with finite useful lives included in "Intangible assets   net"
on the
consolidated balance sheets, were as follows:   

Foreign
currency translation adjustments reduced net identifiable intangible assets by $1.1 million in fiscal 2016. Amortization expense for the identifiable intangible assets
for fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014 was $22.1 million, $20.2 million and $27.3 million, respectively.   

Estimated
amortization expense for the succeeding five years and beyond is as follows:   

102  

Table of Contents   

TETRA TECH, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

7.           Property and Equipment     

Property and equipment consisted of the following:   

The
depreciation expense related to property and equipment, including assets under capital leases, was $22.8 million, $23.1 million and $26.5 million for fiscal
2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. In fiscal 2015, we sold assets with a net book value of $4.4 million for net proceeds of $10.4 million, and recognized a corresponding net gain of
$6.0 million, which is included in "Other costs of revenue" in our consolidated statements of income. This equipment was primarily related to our RCM segment.   

8.           Income Taxes     

The income before income taxes, by geographic area, was as follows:   

103  

Table of Contents   

TETRA TECH, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

8.           Income Taxes (Continued)    

                Income
tax expense consisted of the following:   

Total
income tax expense was different from the amount computed by applying the U.S. federal statutory rate to pre-tax income as follows:   

Our
effective tax rates for fiscal 2016 and 2015 were 32.6% and 51.2%, respectively. In fiscal 2016, we incurred $13.3 million of acquisition and integration expenses and debt
pre-payment fees for which no tax benefit was recognized. Of this amount, $6.4 million resulted from acquisition expenses that were not tax deductible, and $6.9 million resulted from
integration expenses and debt pre-payment fees incurred in jurisdictions with current and historical net operating losses where the related deferred tax asset was fully reserved. Additionally, during
the first quarter of fiscal 2016, the Protecting Americans from Tax Hikes Act   

  104  

Table of Contents   

TETRA TECH, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

8.           Income Taxes (Continued)    

  of
2015 was signed into law which permanently extended the federal R D credits retroactive to January 1, 2015. Our income tax expense for fiscal 2016 included a tax benefit of
$2.0 million attributable to operating income during the last nine months of fiscal 2015, primarily related to the retroactive recognition of the R D credits. Our income tax expense for fiscal
2015 included a similar retroactive tax benefit of $1.2 million attributable to operating income during the last nine months of fiscal 2014. Our effective tax rate in fiscal 2015 also reflected
the impact of the $60.8 million goodwill and intangible asset impairment charge, of which most was not tax deductible. Excluding these items, our effective tax rates for fiscal 2016 and 2015
were 30.9% and 32.5%, respectively. The lower tax rate this year primarily reflects a measurement change in tax positions taken in prior years relating primarily to developments in our ongoing IRS
examination that reduced our effective tax rate by 2.0% in fiscal 2016.   

                We
are currently under examination by the Internal Revenue Service for fiscal years 2010 through 2013, and by the California Franchise Tax Board for fiscal years 2004 through 2009. We
are also subject to various other state audits. With a few exceptions, we are no longer subject to U.S. federal, state and local, or non-U.S. income tax examinations for fiscal years before 2010.   

                Temporary
differences comprising the net deferred income tax liability shown on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets were as follows:   

At
October 2, 2016, undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries, primarily in Canada, amounting to approximately $65.9 million are expected to be permanently
reinvested. Accordingly, no provision for U.S. income taxes or foreign withholding taxes has been made. Upon distribution of those earnings, we would be subject to U.S. income taxes and foreign
withholding taxes. Assuming the   

  105  

Table of Contents   

TETRA TECH, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

8.           Income Taxes (Continued)    

  permanently
reinvested foreign earnings were repatriated under the laws and rates applicable at October 2, 2016, the incremental federal tax applicable to those earnings would be approximately
$5.9 million.   

                At
October 2, 2016, we had available unused state net operating loss ("NOL") carry forwards of $43.7 million that expire at various dates from 2022 to 2036;
and available foreign NOL carry forwards of $74.2 million, of which $15.0 million expire at various dates from 2022 to 2036, and $59.2 million have no expiration date. We have
performed an assessment of positive and negative evidence regarding the realization of the deferred tax assets. This assessment included the evaluation of scheduled reversals of deferred tax
liabilities, availability of carrybacks, cumulative losses in recent years, and estimates of projected future taxable income. Although realization is not assured, based on our assessment, we have
concluded that it is more likely than not that the assets will be realized except for the assets related to the loss carry-forwards and certain foreign intangibles for which a valuation allowance of
$25.4 million has been provided.   

                At
October 2, 2016, we had $22.8 million of unrecognized tax benefits. Included in the balance of unrecognized tax benefits at the end of fiscal year 2016 were
$22.8 million of tax benefits that, if recognized, would affect our effective tax rate. It is not expected that there will be a significant change in the unrecognized tax benefits in the next
12 months. A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits is as follows:   

We
recognize potential interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. During fiscal years 2016 and 2015, we accrued additional interest income of
$0.2 million and interest expense of $0.4 million, respectively, and recorded reductions in accrued interest of $0 million and $0.5 million, respectively, as a result of
audit settlements and other prior-year adjustments. The amount of interest and penalties accrued at October 2, 2016 and September 27, 2015 was $1.0 million and
$1.2 million, respectively.   

  106  

Table of Contents   

TETRA TECH, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

9.           Long-Term Debt     

Long-term debt consisted of the following:   

On
May 7, 2013, we entered into a credit agreement that provided for a $205 million term loan facility and a $460 million revolving credit facility both maturing in
May 2018. On May 29, 2015, we entered into a third amendment to our credit agreement (as amended, the "Credit Agreement") that extended the maturity date for the term loan and the revolving
credit facility to May 2020. The Credit Agreement is a $654.8 million senior secured, five-year facility that provides for a $194.8 million term loan facility ( the "Term Loan Facility")
and a $460 million revolving credit facility (the "Revolving Credit Facility"). The Credit Agreement allows us to, among other things, finance certain permitted open market repurchases of our
common stock, permitted acquisitions, and cash dividends and distributions. The Revolving Credit Facility includes a $150 million sublimit for the issuance of standby letters of credit, a
$20 million sublimit for swingline loans, and a $150 million sublimit for multicurrency borrowings. The interest rate provisions of the term loan and the revolving credit facility did
not materially change.   

                The
Term Loan Facility is subject to quarterly amortization of principal, with $10.3 million payable in year 1, and $15.4 million payable in years 2 through 5. The Term
Loan may be prepaid at any time without penalty. We may borrow on the Revolving Credit Facility, at our option, at either (a) a Eurocurrency rate plus a margin that ranges from 1.15% to 2.00%
per annum, or (b) a base rate for
loans in U.S. dollars (the highest of the U.S. federal funds rate plus 0.50% per annum, the bank's prime rate or the Eurocurrency rate plus 1.00%) plus a margin that ranges from 0.15% to 1.00% per
annum. In each case, the applicable margin is based on our Consolidated Leverage Ratio, calculated quarterly. The Term Loan Facility is subject to the same interest rate provisions. The interest rate
of the Term Loan Facility at the date of inception was 1.57%. The Credit Agreement expires on May 29, 2020, or earlier at our discretion upon payment in full of loans and other obligations.   

As
of October 2, 2016, we had $346.8 million in outstanding borrowings under the Credit Agreement, which was comprised of $176.8 million under the Term Loan
Facility and $170 million under the Revolving Credit Facility at a weighted-average interest rate of 1.92% per annum. In addition, we had $1.3 million in standby letters of credit under
the Credit Agreement. Our effective weighted-average interest rate on borrowings outstanding at October 2, 2016 under the Credit Agreement, including the effects of interest rate swap
agreements described in Note 14, "Derivative Financial Instruments", was 2.52%. At October 2, 2016, we had $288.7 million of available credit under the Revolving Credit Facility,
of which $222.4 million could be borrowed without a violation of our debt covenants. In addition, we entered into agreements with three banks to issue up to $53 million in standby
letters of credit. The aggregate   

  107  

Table of Contents   

TETRA TECH, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

9.           Long-Term Debt (Continued)    

  amount
of standby letters of credit outstanding under these additional facilities and other bank guarantees was $25.3 million, of which $6.0 million was issued in currencies other than
the U.S. dollar.   

                The
Credit Agreement contains certain affirmative and restrictive covenants, and customary events of default. The financial covenants provide for a maximum Consolidated Leverage Ratio
of 3.00 to 1.00 (total funded debt/EBITDA, as defined in the Credit Agreement) and a minimum Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio of 1.25 to 1.00 (EBITDA, as defined in the Credit Agreement minus
capital expenditures, cash interest plus taxes plus principal payments of indebtedness including capital leases, notes and post-acquisition payments).   

                At
October 2, 2016, we were in compliance with these covenants with a consolidated leverage ratio of 1.91x and a consolidated fixed charge coverage ratio of 2.82x. Our
obligations under the Credit Agreement are guaranteed by certain of our subsidiaries and are secured by first priority liens on (i) the equity interests of certain of our subsidiaries,
including those subsidiaries that are guarantors or borrowers under the Credit Agreement, and (ii) our accounts receivable, general intangibles and intercompany loans, and those of our
subsidiaries that are guarantors or borrowers.   

                At
the time of the acquisition, Coffey had an existing secured credit facility with a bank, comprised of an overdraft facility, a term facility and a bank guaranty facility. This
facility was amended in March 2016 to extend the term of the existing facility to April 8, 2016, and allow for the issuance of a parent
guarantee and release of certain subsidiary guarantors. On April 8, 2016, the facility was amended again to provide for a secured AUD$30 million facility, which may be used by Coffey for
bank overdrafts, short-term cash advances or bank guarantees. This facility expires in April 2017, is secured by assets of certain Australian and New Zealand subsidiaries, and is supported by a parent
guarantee. At October 2, 2016, amounts outstanding under this facility consisted solely of bank guarantees of $5.6 million.   

                The
following table presents scheduled maturities of our long-term debt:   

10.         Leases     

We lease office and field equipment, vehicles and buildings under various operating leases. In fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, we recognized $75.0 million,
$66.4 million and
$70.0 million of expense   

  108  

Table of Contents   

TETRA TECH, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

10.         Leases (Continued)    

  associated
with operating leases, respectively. The following are amounts payable under non-cancelable operating and capital lease commitments for the next five fiscal years and beyond:   

We
vacated certain facilities under long-term non-cancelable leases and recorded contract termination costs of $2.9 million in fiscal 2016 and $0 million in fiscal 2015.
These amounts were initially measured at the fair value of the portion of the lease payments associated with the vacated facilities, reduced by estimated sublease rentals, less the write off of a
prorated portion of existing deferred items previously recognized on these leases. We expect the remaining lease payments to be paid through the various lease expiration dates that continue until
2025.   

                We
initially measured the lease contract termination liability at the fair value of the prorated portion of the lease payments associated with the vacated facilities, reduced by
estimated sublease rentals and other costs. If the actual timing and potential termination costs or realization of sublease income differ from our estimates, the resulting liabilities could vary from
recorded amounts. These liabilities are reviewed periodically and adjusted when necessary.   

The
following is a reconciliation of the beginning and ending balances of these liabilities related to lease contract termination costs:   

(1)     Adjustments
of the actual timing and potential termination costs or realization of sublease income.    

109  

Table of Contents    

TETRA TECH, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)     

11.         Stockholders' Equity and Stock Compensation Plans     

At October 2, 2016, we had the following stock-based compensation plans:   

Employee Stock Purchase Plan ("ESPP").     Purchase rights to purchase common
stock are granted to our eligible full and part-time employees, and shares of common stock are issued upon exercise of the purchase rights. An aggregate of 2,373,290 shares may be issued pursuant to
such exercise. The maximum amount that an employee can contribute during a purchase right period is $5,000. The exercise price of a purchase right is the lesser of 100% of the fair market value of a
share of common stock on the first day of the purchase right period or 85% of the fair market value on the last day of the purchase right period (December 15, or the business day preceding
December 15 if December 15 is not a business day).     
             2005 Equity Incentive Plan ("2005 EIP").     Key employees and non-employee
directors may be granted equity awards, including stock options and restricted stock and restricted stock units ("RSUs"). Options granted before March 6, 2006 vest at 25% on the first
anniversary of the grant date, and the balance vests monthly thereafter, such that these options become fully vested no later than four years from the date of grant. These options expire no later than
ten years from the date of grant. Options granted on and after March 6, 2006 vest at 25% on each anniversary of the grant date. These options expire no later than eight years from the grant
date. RSUs granted to date vest at 25% on each anniversary of the grant date.   

Our
Compensation Committee has also awarded restricted stock to executive officers and non-employee directors under the 2005 EIP. Restricted stock grants generally vest over a minimum three-year
period, and may be performance-based, determined by EPS growth, or service-based. No further awards will be made under the 2005 EIP.    

          2015 Equity Incentive Plan ("2015 EIP").     Key employees and non-employee
directors may be granted equity awards, including stock options, performance share units ("PSUs") and RSUs. Shares issued with respect to awards granted under the 2015 EIP other than stock options or
stock appreciation rights, which are referred to as "full value awards", are counted against the 2015 EIP's aggregate share limit as three shares for every share or unit actually issued. At
October 2, 2016, there were 3.7 million shares available for future awards pursuant to the 2015 EIP.    

The
stock-based compensation and related income tax benefits were as follows:   

110  

Table of Contents   

TETRA TECH, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

11.         Stockholders' Equity and Stock Compensation Plans (Continued)    

Stock Options            

                Stock option activity for the fiscal year ended October 2, 2016 was as follows:   

The
aggregate intrinsic value in the table above represents the total intrinsic value (the difference between our closing stock price on the last trading day of fiscal 2016 and the
exercise price, times the number of shares) that would have been received by the in-the-money option holders if they had exercised their options on October 2, 2016. This amount will change
based on the fair market value of our stock. At October 2, 2016, we expect to recognize $3.5 million of unrecognized compensation cost related to stock option grants over a
weighted-average period of 4 years.   

                The
weighted-average fair value of stock options granted during fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014 was $8.05, $8.20 and $9.36, respectively. The aggregate intrinsic value of options exercised
during fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014 was $7.3 million, $2.3 million and $9.3 million, respectively.   

The
fair value of our stock options was estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The following assumptions were used in the calculation:   

For
purposes of the Black-Scholes model, forfeitures were estimated based on historical experience. For the fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014 year-ends, we based our expected stock
price volatility on historical volatility behavior and current implied volatility behavior. Our risk-free rate of return was based   

  111  

Table of Contents   

TETRA TECH, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

11.         Stockholders' Equity and Stock Compensation Plans (Continued)    

  on
constant maturity rates provided by the U.S. Treasury. The expected life was based on historical experience.   

Net
cash proceeds from the exercise of stock options were $18.0 million, $10.8 million and $23.8 million for fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. Our policy is
to issue shares from our authorized shares upon the exercise of stock options. The actual income tax benefit realized from exercises of nonqualified stock options and disqualifying dispositions of
qualified options for fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014 was $5.3 million, $3.0 million and $4.6 million, respectively.   

Restricted Stock, PSUs and RSUs            

                The fair value of the total compensation cost of each restricted stock award was determined at the date of grant using the market price of the
underlying common stock as of the date of grant. For performance-based awards, our expected performance is reviewed to estimate the percentage of shares that will vest. The total compensation cost of
the awards is then amortized over their applicable vesting period on a straight-line basis.   

                Restricted
stock activity for the fiscal year ended October 2, 2016 was as follows:   

In
fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, we awarded 0 shares, 0 shares and 117,067 shares, respectively, of restricted stock to certain of our executive officers and non-employee directors.
Vesting is performance-based, such that the percentage of awarded shares that ultimately vests, from 0% to 140%, is dependent on fiscal year EPS growth rates for the three fiscal years that end after
the award date. In fiscal 2016 and 2015, an additional 13,932 shares and 15,605 shares, respectively, were awarded for performance-based adjustments in excess of 100% vesting. Restricted stock
forfeitures resulted from performance-based vesting of less than 100%. Forfeited shares return to the pool of authorized shares available for award.   

  112  

Table of Contents   

TETRA TECH, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

11.         Stockholders' Equity and Stock Compensation Plans (Continued)    

PSU
activity for the fiscal year ended October 2, 2016 was as follows:   

In
fiscal 2016, we awarded 137,777 PSUs to our executive officers and non-employee directors at the weighted-average fair value of $31.63 per share on the award date. All of the PSUs
are performance-based and vest, if at all, after the conclusion of the three-year performance period. The number of PSUs that ultimately vest is based 50% on the growth in our EPS and 50% on our
relative total shareholder return over the vesting period.   

                RSU
activity for the fiscal year ended October 2, 2016 was as follows:   

In
fiscal 2016, we also awarded 216,539 RSUs to our employees at a weighted average fair value of $27.14 per share on the award date. All of the RSUs have time-based vesting over a
four-year period, except that RSUs awarded to directors vest after one year. At October 2, 2016, there were 499,021 RSUs outstanding. RSU forfeitures result from employment terminations prior
to vesting. Forfeited shares return to the pool of authorized shares available for award.   

In
fiscal 2015, we awarded 234,685 RSUs to our employees at the weighted average fair value of $27.21 per share on the award date. All of the RSUs have time-based vesting over a
four-year period, except that RSUs awarded to directors vest after one year. At September 27, 2015, there were 483,111 RSUs outstanding. RSU forfeitures result from employment
terminations prior to vesting. Forfeited shares return to the pool of authorized shares available for award.   

                The
stock-based compensation expense related to restricted stock, PSUs and RSUs for fiscal years 2016, 2015 and 2014 was $10.3 million, $7.5 million and
$4.6 million, respectively, and was included in the total stock-based compensation expense. At October 2, 2016, there was $13.5 million of unrecognized   

  113  

Table of Contents   

TETRA TECH, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

11.         Stockholders' Equity and Stock Compensation Plans (Continued)    

  compensation
costs related to restricted stock, PSUs and RSUs that will be substantially recognized by the end of fiscal 2019.   

ESPP            

                The following table summarizes shares purchased, weighted-average purchase price, cash received and the aggregate intrinsic value for shares
purchased under the ESPP:   

The
grant date fair value of each award granted under the ESPP was estimated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following assumptions:   

For
fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, we based our expected stock price volatility on historical volatility behavior and current implied volatility behavior. The risk-free rate of return was
based on constant maturity rates provided by the U.S. Treasury. The expected life was based on the ESPP terms and conditions.   

                Included
in stock-based compensation expense for fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014 was $0.4 million, $0.6 million and $0.7 million, respectively, related to the ESPP. The
unrecognized stock-based compensation costs for awards granted under the ESPP at October 2, 2016 and September 27, 2015 were $0.1 million. At October 2, 2016, ESPP
participants had accumulated $2.8 million to purchase our common stock.   

12.         Retirement Plans     

We have established defined contribution plans including 401(k) plans. Generally, employees are eligible to participate in the defined contribution plans upon
completion of one year of
service and in the 401(k) plans upon commencement of employment. For fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, employer contributions to the plans were $10.7 million, $9.8 million and
$9.6 million, respectively.   

  114  

Table of Contents   

TETRA TECH, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

12.         Retirement Plans (Continued)    

                We
have established a non-qualified deferred compensation plan for certain key employees and non-employee directors. Eligible employees and non-employee directors may elect to defer the
receipt of salary, incentive payments, restricted stock, PSU and RSU awards, and non-employee director fees, which are generally invested by us in individual variable life insurance contracts we own
that are designed to informally fund savings plans of this nature. At October 2, 2016 and September 27, 2015, the consolidated balance sheets reflect assets of $20.9 million and
$19.5 million, respectively, related to the deferred compensation plan in "Other long-term assets," and liabilities of $20.8 million and $19.3 million, respectively, related to
the deferred compensation plan in "Other long-term liabilities."   

13.         Earnings Per Share     

The following table sets forth the number of weighted-average shares used to compute basic and diluted EPS:   

For
2016, 2015 and 2014, 0, 1.0 million and 0 options were excluded from the calculation of dilutive potential common shares, respectively. These options were not included in the
computation of dilutive potential common shares because the assumed proceeds per share exceeded the average market price per share for that period. Therefore, their inclusion would have been
anti-dilutive.   

14.         Derivative Financial Instruments     

We use certain interest rate derivative contracts to hedge interest rate exposures on our variable rate debt. We enter into foreign currency derivative contracts with
financial
institutions to reduce the risk that cash flows and earnings will be adversely affected by foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. Our hedging program is not designated for trading or speculative
purposes.   

                We
recognize derivative instruments as either assets or liabilities on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets at fair value. We record changes in the fair value
(i.e., gains or losses) of the derivatives that have been designated as accounting hedges in our consolidated balance sheets as accumulated other comprehensive income (loss).   

  115  

Table of Contents   

TETRA TECH, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

14.         Derivative Financial Instruments (Continued)    

                In
fiscal 2013, we entered into three interest rate swap agreements that we have designated as cash flow hedges to fix the variable interest rates on a portion of borrowings under our
term loan facility. In the first quarter of fiscal 2014, we entered into two interest rate swap agreements that we designated as cash flow hedges to fix the variable interest rates on the borrowings
under our term loan facility. At October 2, 2016 and September 27, 2015, the effective portion of our interest rate swap agreements designated as cash flow hedges before tax effect was
$1.6 million and $2.3 million, respectively, all of which we expect to be reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) to interest expense within the next
12 months.   

                As
of October 2, 2016, the notional principal, fixed rates and related expiration dates of our outstanding interest rate swap agreements are as follows:   

The
fair values of our outstanding derivatives designated as hedging instruments were as follows:   

The
impact of the effective portions of derivative instruments in cash flow hedging relationships on income and other comprehensive income from our interest rate swap agreements was
immaterial for the fiscal years ended October 2, 2016 and September 27, 2015. Additionally, there were no ineffective portions of derivative instruments. Accordingly, no amounts were
excluded from effectiveness testing for our foreign currency forward contracts and interest rate swap agreements. We had no derivative instruments that were not designated as hedging instruments for
fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014.   

  116  

Table of Contents    

TETRA TECH, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)     

15.         Reclassifications Out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)     

The accumulated balances and reporting period activities for fiscal 2016 and 2015 related to reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)
are summarized as
follows:   

(1)     This
accumulated other comprehensive component is reclassified in "Interest expense" in our consolidated statements of operations. See Note 14,
"Derivative Financial Instruments", for more information.    

16.         Fair Value Measurements     

                  Derivative Instruments.       For additional information about our derivative financial instruments (see
Note 2, "Basis of Presentation and
Preparation" and Note 14, "Derivative Financial Instruments").   

Contingent Consideration.       We measure our contingent earn-out liabilities at fair value on a
recurring basis (see Note 2, "Basis of
Presentation and Preparation" and Note 5, "Mergers and Acquisitions" for further information).   

                  Debt.       The fair value of long-term debt was determined using the present value of future cash flows
based on the borrowing rates currently available
for debt with similar terms and maturities (Level 2
measurement, as described in Note 2, "Basis of Presentation and Preparation   Fair Value of Financial Instruments"). The carrying value of our long-term debt approximated
fair value at October 2, 2016 and September 27, 2015. At October 2, 2016, we had borrowings of $346.8 million outstanding under our Credit Agreement, which were used to
fund our business acquisitions, working capital needs, share repurchases, dividends, capital expenditures and contingent earn-outs (see Note 9, "Long-Term Debt" for more information).   

  117  

Table of Contents   

TETRA TECH, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

17.         Joint Ventures     

Consolidated Joint Ventures      

                The aggregate revenue of the consolidated joint ventures was $3.7 million, $7.5 million and $12.3 million for fiscal 2016,
2015 and 2014, respectively. The assets and liabilities of these consolidated joint ventures were immaterial at fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014 year-ends. These assets are restricted for use only by
those joint ventures and are not available for our general operations. Cash and cash equivalents maintained by the consolidated joint ventures at October 2, 2016 and September 27, 2015
were $0.2 million and $0.7 million, respectively.   

Unconsolidated Joint Ventures      

                We account for our unconsolidated joint ventures using the equity method of accounting. Under this method, we recognize our proportionate share
of the net earnings of these joint ventures within "Other costs of revenue" in our consolidated statements of income. For fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, we reported $1.7 million,
$5.1 million and $2.8 million of equity in earnings of unconsolidated joint ventures, respectively. Our maximum exposure to loss as a result of our investments in unconsolidated variable
interest entities is typically limited to the aggregate of the carrying value of the investment. Future funding commitments for the unconsolidated joint ventures are immaterial. The unconsolidated
joint ventures are, individually and in aggregate, immaterial to our consolidated financial statements.   

The
aggregate carrying values of the assets and liabilities of the unconsolidated joint ventures were $15.6 million and $13.5 million, respectively, at October 2,
2016, and $17.1 million and $15.2 million, respectively, at September 27, 2015.   

18.         Commitments and Contingencies     

We are subject to certain claims and lawsuits typically filed against the engineering, consulting and construction profession, alleging primarily professional errors
or omissions. We
carry professional liability insurance, subject to certain deductibles and policy limits, against such claims. However, in some actions, parties are seeking damages that exceed our insurance coverage
or for which we are not insured. While management does not believe that the resolution of these claims will have a material adverse effect, individually or in aggregate, on our financial position,
results of operations or cash flows, management acknowledges the uncertainty surrounding the ultimate resolution of these matters.   

19.         Reportable Segments     

Our reportable segments are described as follows:   

WEI:       WEI provides consulting and engineering services worldwide for a broad range of water and
infrastructure-related needs in both developed and
emerging economies. WEI supports both public and private clients including federal, state/provincial, and local governments, and global and local commercial clients. The primary markets for WEI's
services include water resources analysis and water management, environmental restoration, government consulting, and a broad range of civil infrastructure master planning and engineering design for
facilities, transportation, and regional and local development. WEI's services span from early data collection and monitoring, to data analysis and information   

  118  

Table of Contents   

TETRA TECH, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

19.         Reportable Segments (Continued)    

  technology,
to science and engineering applied research, to engineering design, to construction management and operations and maintenance.   

                  RME:       RME provides consulting and engineering services worldwide for a broad range of resource
management and energy needs. RME supports both private
and public clients, including global industrial and commercial clients, U.S. federal agencies in large scale remediation, and major international development agencies. The primary markets for RME's
services include natural resources, energy, international development, remediation, waste management and utilities. RME's services span
from early data collection and monitoring, to data analysis and information technology, to science and engineering applied research, to engineering design, to construction management and operations
and maintenance. RME also supports EPCM for full service implementation of commercial projects.   

                  RCM:       We report the results of the wind-down of our non-core construction activities in the RCM
reportable segment. The remaining work to be
performed in this segment will be substantially completed in fiscal 2017.   

                Management
evaluates the performance of these reportable segments based upon their respective segment operating income before the effect of amortization expense related to acquisitions,
and other unallocated corporate expenses. We account for inter-segment sales and transfers as if the sales and transfers were to third parties; that is, by applying a negotiated fee onto the costs of
the services performed. All significant intercompany balances and transactions are eliminated in consolidation. In fiscal 2016, the Corporate segment operating losses included $19.5 million of
acquisition and integration expenses, as described in Note 5, "Mergers and Acquisitions".   

  119  

Table of Contents   

TETRA TECH, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

19.         Reportable Segments (Continued)    

                The
following tables set forth summarized financial information concerning our reportable segments:   

Reportable Segments     

(1)     Includes
goodwill and other intangible assets impairment charges, amortization of intangibles, other costs and other income not allocable to segments.
The impairment charges of $60.8 million for fiscal 2015 was recorded at Corporate. The intangible asset amortization expense for fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014 was $22.1 million,
$20.2 million and $27.3 million, respectively. Corporate results also included income (loss) for fair value adjustments to contingent consideration liabilities of $(2.8) million,
$3.1 million and $58.7 million for fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. Fiscal 2016 also included $19.5 million of acquisition and integration related expenses recorded at
Corporate.    

120  

Table of Contents   

TETRA TECH, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

19.         Reportable Segments (Continued)    

(1)     Corporate
assets consist of intercompany eliminations and assets not allocated to segments including goodwill, intangible assets, deferred income taxes
and certain other assets.    

Geographic Information     

(1)     Includes
revenue generated from our foreign operations, primarily in Canada and Australia, and revenue generated from non-U.S. clients. Long-lived
assets consist primarily of amounts from our Canadian operations.       (2)     Excludes
goodwill and other intangible assets.    

Major Clients     

                Other than the U.S. federal government, we had no single client that accounted for more than 10% of our revenue. All of our segments generated
revenue from all client sectors.   

  121  

Table of Contents   

TETRA TECH, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

19.         Reportable Segments (Continued)    

                The
following table presents our revenue by client sector:   

(1)     Includes
revenue generated from foreign operations, primarily in Canada and Australia, and revenue generated from non-U.S. clients.       (2)     Includes
revenue generated under U.S. federal government contracts performed outside the United States.    

20.         Quarterly Financial Information   Unaudited     

In the opinion of management, the following unaudited quarterly data for the fiscal years ended October 2, 2016 and September 27, 2015 reflect all
adjustments necessary
for a fair statement of the results of operations.   

                In
fiscal 2016, we incurred Coffey-related acquisition and integration expenses totaling $19.5 million. These costs were recognized in the second, third, and fourth quarters of
fiscal 2016 in the amounts of $15.9 million, $1.0 million, and $2.6 million, respectively. In addition, interest expense in fiscal 2016 includes Coffey-related debt pre-payment
fees of $1.9 million that were incurred in the second quarter. As a result of GMP's financial performance and prospects, we wrote-off all of GMP's goodwill   

  122  

Table of Contents   

TETRA TECH, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

20.         Quarterly Financial Information   Unaudited (Continued)    

and
intangible assets and recorded a related impairment charge of $60.8 million ($57.3 million after-tax) in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015.   

(1)     The
sum of the quarterly EPS may not add up to the full-year EPS due to rounding.    

123  

Table of Contents    

Item 9.    Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure          

                None.    

Item 9A.    Controls and Procedures          

                   Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures and changes in internal control over financial reporting     

At October 2, 2016, we carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures.
Based on our
management's evaluation (with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer), our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded
that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act), were effective.   

                Consistent
with guidance issued by the Securities and Exchange Commission that an assessment of internal controls over financial reporting of a recently acquired business may be omitted
from management's evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures, management is excluding an assessment of such internal controls of Coffey and INDUS, which we acquired January 18, 2016 and
March 11, 2016, respectively, from its evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures. The total assets and revenue related to Coffey and INDUS combined are
approximately 5.8% and 12.4%, respectively, of the related consolidated financial statement amounts as of and for the fiscal year ended October 2, 2016.   

                   Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting     

                Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. As defined in Exchange Act
Rule 13a-15(f), internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our principal executive and principal financial officer and effected by our
Board of Directors, management and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Internal controls include those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail
accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and (iii) provide
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or
procedures may deteriorate. Accordingly, even effective internal control over financial reporting can only provide reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives.   

                Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we assessed the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting at October 2, 2016, based on the criteria in    Internal Control   Integrated Framework    (2013)
issued by the COSO. Based upon this assessment, management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective at October 2, 2016, at a reasonable assurance level.   

  124  

Table of Contents   

                PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP,
the independent registered public accounting firm that audited the consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-K, has issued a
report on our internal control over financial reporting. This report, dated November 22, 2016, appears on page 75 of this Form 10-K.   

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting            

                There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the three months ended October 2, 2016 that have
materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.    

Item 9B.    Other Information          

                None.   

PART III            

Item 10.    Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance          

The information required by this item relating to our directors and nominees, regarding compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange
Act, and regarding our Audit Committee is included under the captions "Item No. 1   Election of Directors and Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance"
in our Proxy Statement related to the 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated by reference.   

                Pursuant
to General Instruction G(3) of Form 10-K, the information required by this item relating to our executive officers is included under the caption "Executive
Officers of the Registrant" in Part I of this Report.   

We
have adopted a code of ethics that applies to our principal executive officer and all members of our finance department, including our principal financial officer and principal
accounting officer. This code of ethics, entitled "Finance Code of Professional Conduct," is posted on our website. The Internet address for our website is www.tetratech.com, and the code of ethics
may be found through a link to the Investor Relations section of our website.   

                We
intend to satisfy the disclosure requirement under Item 5.05 of Form 8-K for any amendment to, or waiver from, a provision of this code of ethics by posting any such
information on our website, at the address and location specified above.    

Item 11.    Executive Compensation          

                The information required by this item is included under the captions "Item No. 1   Election of Directors" and
"Executive Compensation Tables" in our Proxy
Statement related to the 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated by reference.    

Item 12.    Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters          

                The information required by this item relating to security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management, and securities authorized for
issuance under equity compensation plans, is included under the caption "Security Ownership of Management and Significant Stockholders" in our Proxy Statement related to the 2017 Annual Meeting of
Stockholders and is incorporated by reference.   

  125  

Table of Contents   

Item 13.    Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence          

                The information required by this item relating to review, approval or ratification of transactions with related persons is included under the
caption "Related Person Transactions," and the information required by this item relating to director independence is included under the caption "Item No. 1   Election of
Directors," in each case in our Proxy Statement related to the 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated by reference.    

Item 14.    Principal Accounting Fees and Services          

                The information required by this item is included under the captions "Item No. 4   Ratification of Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm" in our Proxy Statement related to the 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated by reference.   

PART IV            

Item 15.    Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules          

(a.)  
     
  1.  

Financial Statements   

The Index to Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedule on page 74 is incorporated by reference as the list of financial statements required as part of this Report.  

2.  

Financial Statement Schedule   

The Index to Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedule on page 74 is incorporated by reference as the list of financial statement schedules required as part of this Report.  

3.  

Exhibits   

The exhibit list in the Index to Exhibits on pages 130   131 is incorporated by reference as the list of exhibits required as part of this Report.  

126  

Table of Contents   

TETRA TECH, INC.   SCHEDULE II   VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS AND RESERVES            

For the Fiscal Years Ended   September 28, 2014, September 27, 2015 and October 2, 2016   (in thousands)            

(1)     Primarily
represents uncollectible accounts written off, net of recoveries.       (2)     Includes
allowances from new business acquisitions, loss in foreign jurisdictions, currency adjustments, and valuation allowance adjustments related to
net operating loss carry-forwards.    

127  

Table of Contents    

SIGNATURES            

                Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Report
on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.   

TETRA TECH, INC.  

By:  
      
           /s/ DAN L. BATRACK 

Dated:    November 16, 2016  

Dan L. Batrack 
        Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and 
        President  

POWER OF ATTORNEY            

                KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Dan L. Batrack and Steven M.
Burdick, jointly and severally, his attorney-in-fact, each with the full power of substitution, for such person, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on
Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorney-in-fact and
agent full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might do or could
do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that each of said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or his substitute, may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.   

                Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in
the capacities and on the dates indicated.   

Signature    
     
   Title    
     
   Date    

/s/   DAN L. BATRACK  
     
   Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President  
     
   November 16, 2016  

Dan L. Batrack  
     
   (Principal Executive Officer)  

/s/   STEVEN M. BURDICK  
      
    Chief Financial Officer  
      
    November 16, 2016  

Steven M. Burdick  
     
   (Principal Financial Officer)  

/s/   BRIAN N. CARTER  
      
    Senior Vice President, Corporate Controller  
      
    November 16, 2016  

Brian N. Carter  
     
   (Principal Accounting Officer)  

/s/   ALBERT E. SMITH  
      
    Director  
      
    November 16, 2016  

Albert E. Smith  

/s/   HUGH M. GRANT  
      
    Director  
      
    November 16, 2016  

Hugh M. Grant  

128  

Table of Contents   

129  

Table of Contents    

INDEX TO EXHIBITS            

3.1  

Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 26, 2009).  

3.2  

Bylaws of the Company (amended and restated as of April 2009) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 24, 2009), and amended as of November 7, 2016 (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 9, 2016).  

10.1  

Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of May 7, 2013 among Tetra Tech, Inc., Tetra Tech Canada Holding Corporation, the lenders party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 9, 2013).  

10.2  

Amendment No. 1 dated as of September 27, 2013 to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of May 7, 2013 among Tetra Tech, Inc., Tetra Tech Canada Holding Corporation, the lenders party thereto and Bank of America,
 N.A., as Administrative Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 27, 2013).  

10.3  

Amendment No. 2 dated as of June 23, 2014 to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of May 7, 2013 among Tetra Tech, Inc., Tetra Tech Canada Holding Corporation, the lenders party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as
 Administrative Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 23, 2014).  

10.4  

Amendment No. 3 dated as of May 29, 2015 to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of May 7, 2013 (as amended by Amendment No. 1 dated as of September 27, 2013 and Amendment No. 2 dated as of June 23,
 2014) among Tetra Tech, Inc., Tetra Tech Canada Holding Corporation, Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, L/C Issuer and a Lender, U.S. Bank National Association, as L/C Issuer and a Lender, and the other Lenders party thereto
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 2, 2015).  

10.5  

Amendment No. 4 dated as of July 14, 2016 to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of May 7, 2013 (as amended by Amendment No. 1 dated as of September 27, 2013, Amendment No. 2 dated as of June 23,
 2014 and Amendment No. 3 dated as of May 29, 2015) among Tetra Tech, Inc., Tetra Tech Canada Holding Corporation, Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, L/C Issuer and a Lender, U.S. Bank National Association, as L/C Issuer
 and a Lender, and the other Lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 26, 2016).  

10.6  

Amended and Restated Security Agreement dated as of May 7, 2013 made by Tetra Tech, Inc. and certain of its subsidiaries in favor of Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the
 Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 9, 2013).  

10.7  

Security Agreement dated as of May 7, 2013 made by Tetra Tech Canada Holding Corporation and certain of its subsidiaries in favor of Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's
 Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 9, 2013).  

10.8  

Amended and Restated Pledge Agreement dated as of May 7, 2013 made by Tetra Tech, Inc. and certain of its subsidiaries in favor of Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the
 Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 9, 2013).  

130  

Table of Contents   

131  

Table of Contents   

101  

The following financial information from our Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K, for the period ended October 2, 2016, formatted in eXtensible Business Reporting Language: (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) Consolidated
 Statements of Operations, (iii) Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income (Loss), (iv) Consolidated Statements of Equity, (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.+ (1)

*    Indicates
a management contract or compensatory arrangement.      +    Filed
herewith.       (1)     Pursuant
to Rule 406T of Regulation S-T, the XBRL related information in Exhibit 101 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K
shall not be deemed to be "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act or otherwise subject to the liability of the section, and shall not be deemed part of a registration statement,
prospectus or other document filed under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filings.     

132  

<EX-10.17>
 2
 a2230290zex-10_17.htm
 EX-10.17

Exhibit 10.17   
       
   AMENDED AND RESTATED   
   CHANGE OF CONTROL AGREEMENT   
     
   AMENDED AND RESTATED AGREEMENT   by and between  Tetra Tech, Inc. , a Delaware corporation (the  Company ), and Dan L. Batrack (the  Executive ), dated as of November 7, 2016. 
     
  WHEREAS the Executive is an officer and key member of the Company s management;  
     
  WHEREAS the Board of Directors of the Company (the  Board ), has determined that it is in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders to assure the continued dedication of the Executive to the Company, notwithstanding the possibility, threat or occurrence of a Change of Control (as defined below);  
     
  WHEREAS the Board believes it is imperative to (a) diminish the inevitable distraction of the Executive by virtue of the personal uncertainties and risks created by a threatened or pending Change of Control, (b) encourage the Executive s full attention and dedication to the Company currently and in the event of any threatened or pending Change of Control, and (c) preserve the Executive s impartial judgment in the event of any threatened or pending Change of Control;  
     
  WHEREAS this Agreement is not intended to alter materially the compensation, benefits or terms of employment that the Executive could reasonably expect in the absence of a Change of Control, but is intended to encourage and reward the Executive s compliance with the wishes of the Board whatever they may be in the event that a Change of Control occurs or is threatened;  
     
  WHEREAS, the Executive and the Company both believe that accelerated vesting of future equity awards the Executive may be granted should occur upon certain employment terminations following a Change in Control, rather than on a Change in Control alone.  
     
  NOW, THEREFORE, in order to accomplish these objectives and in consideration of the mutual agreements, provisions, and covenants contained herein, and intending to be legally bound hereby, the Board has authorized the Company to enter into this Agreement as follows:  
     
    1.                                             Term.   This Agreement shall terminate on March 25, 2018. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall the Term expire before the second anniversary of a Change of Control that occurs during the Term. The initial term of this Agreement, as it may be extended as provided for under this Section 1, is herein referred to as the  Term.  
     
    2.                                             Duties   .  The Executive agrees that, subject to the Executive s fiduciary duties to the Company and its shareholders, the Executive will exercise the Executive s best efforts to bring about whatever result the Board determines to be in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders relative to any impending Change of Control  (i.e.,  to help resist any such impending Change of Control if the Board determines that to be in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders, and to bring about such Change of Control if the Board determines that to be the preferable alternative). The Executive agrees to use the Executive s best efforts at and after the occurrence of a Change of Control to effect an orderly and beneficial transfer of control to the party or parties comprising the new control group. 

3.                                            Change of Control as a Condition Precedent   .  No amount or benefit shall be payable under the terms of this Agreement unless there shall have been a Change of Control that is actually consummated. A  Change of Control  shall mean the first of the following to occur: 
     
  (a)                               The purchase or other acquisition by any Person (as defined below), directly or indirectly, of beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act) of the Company s securities not including the securities beneficially owned by such Person or any securities acquired directly from the Company or its Affiliates representing 50 percent or more on a single date or during any 12 month period of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding voting securities entitled to vote generally in the election of the Board; provided, however, that if any Person has satisfied this requirement, the acquisition of additional Company securities by the same Person shall be construed as not triggering a Change of Control; and provided further, however, that an increase in the percentage of voting securities owned by any Person as a result of a transaction in which the Company acquires its voting securities in exchange for property shall not be treated as an acquisition of the Company s voting securities for purposes of this Section 3(a); 
     
  (b)                               The consummation of a reorganization, merger, or consolidation of the Company, if the Company s shareholders, in combination with any trustee or other fiduciary acquiring voting securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or an Affiliate as part of such transaction, do not, immediately thereafter, own more than 50 percent of the combined voting power of the reorganized, merged or consolidated Company s then outstanding securities that is entitled to vote generally in the election of the directors; provided, however, that a merger or consolidation effected to implement a recapitalization of the Company (or similar transaction) in which no Person acquires more than 50 percent of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities shall not be a Change of Control under this Section 3(b); or 
     
  (c)                                The consummation of the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Company s assets, other than a sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Company s assets to an entity where the outstanding securities generally entitled to vote in the election of directors of the Company immediately prior to the transaction continue to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into such securities of the surviving entity or any parent thereof) 50 percent or more of the combined voting power of the outstanding voting securities of such entity generally entitled to vote in such entity s election of directors immediately after such sale. 
     
  Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event may there by more than one transaction or occurrence treated as a  Change of Control  for purposes of this Agreement. For purposes of Section 3, the following terms shall have the following meanings:  
     
 2   

Affiliate  means any entity that directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by or is under common control with the Company as determined by the Board in its discretion.  
     
   Exchange Act  means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.  
     
   Person  shall have the meaning as set forth in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act; provided, however, that Person shall exclude (i) the Company or any of its Affiliates, (ii) any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or any of its Affiliates, (iii) an underwriter temporarily holding securities pursuant to an offering of such securities, and (iv) any corporation owned directly or indirectly, by the shareholders of the Company in substantially the same proportion as their ownership of stock of the Company.  
     
    4.                                             Employment Period.   In the event of a Change of Control, the Company agrees to continue the Executive in its employ, and the Executive agrees to remain in the employ of the Company, in each case subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, for the period commencing on the Change of Control and ending on the second anniversary of such date (the  Employment Period ). Nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to prevent the Executive from remaining in the employ of the Company or any successor beyond the Employment Period either on the terms and conditions set forth herein or on others that may be mutually agreed upon. 
     
    5.                                             No Automatic Vesting on Change in Control.    Equity awards shall not automatically vest on a Change in Control.  Equity awards granted before the date of this Agreement shall vest in accordance with the terms of their award agreements, notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement.  Any adjustments to equity awards which do not vest on a Change in Control shall be determined under the Plan. 
     
    6.                                             Termination of Employment   .  
     
  (a)                                      Death/Disability   .  The Executive s employment shall terminate automatically upon the Executive s death and may be terminated by the Company due to the Executive s Disability. For purposes of this Agreement,  Disability  shall mean either that (i) the Executive is unable to engage in substantial gainful activity hereunder by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months or (ii) the Executive is, by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months, receiving income replacement benefits for a period of not less than three months under an accident and health plan covering employees of the Company. The Company shall determine in good faith whether the Executive has become disabled. In no event shall the Company be obligated to terminate the Executive s employment if the Executive suffers a Disability. 
     
  (b)                                      Cause   .  The Company may terminate the Executive s employment during the Employment Period for Cause. For purposes of this Agreement,  Cause  shall mean: 
     
 3   

(i)                                        The willful and continued failure of the Executive to perform substantially the Executive s duties with the Company or one of its affiliates (other than any such failure resulting from incapacity due to physical or mental illness), after a written demand for substantial performance is delivered to the Executive by the Board or the Company s chief executive officer that specifically identifies the manner in which the Board or chief executive officer believes that the Executive has not substantially performed the Executive s duties, or 
     
  (ii)                                     The willful engaging by the Executive in illegal conduct or gross misconduct that is materially and demonstrably injurious to the Company. 
     
  (iii)                                  For purposes of this provision, no act or failure to act, on the part of the Executive, shall be considered  willful  unless it is done, or omitted to be done, by the Executive in bad faith or without reasonable belief that the Executive s action or omission was in the best interests of the Company. Any act, or failure to act, based upon authority given pursuant to a resolution duly adopted by the Board or upon the instructions of the Company s chief executive officer or a senior officer of the Company or based upon the advice of legal counsel for the Company shall be conclusively presumed to be done, or omitted to be done, by the Executive in good faith and in the best interests of the Company. 
     
  (c)                                       Good Reason   .  The Executive may terminate employment during the Employment Period for Good Reason. For purposes of this Agreement,  Good Reason  shall mean: 
     
  (i)                                        A material diminution of the Executive s base salary, annual bonus opportunity, or both; or 
     
  (ii)                                     A material diminution in the Executive s authority, duties, or responsibilities; or 
     
  (iii)                                  A material diminution in the authority, duties, or responsibilities of the supervisor to whom the Executive is required to report; or 
     
  (iv)                                 A material diminution in the budget over which the Executive retains authority; or 
     
  (v)                                    A material change in the geographic location at which the Executive must perform the services. 
     
  For the avoidance of doubt, the term  supervisor  for purposes of Section 6(c)(iii) refers to the position that the Executive reports to, as opposed to any specific individual; a change in the individual serving in the position as a  supervisor  shall not, by itself, constitute  Good Reason.   
     
  The Executive may not terminate employment for Good Reason unless: (x) the Executive has provided the Company with notice of the occurrence of the Good Reason condition described in subsection (i)-(v) within sixty (60) days of the initial existence thereof; and (y) the Company has been provided with thirty (30) days to remedy such Good Reason condition and has failed to remedy such condition. The Executive s employment shall be deemed to have been terminated following a Change of Control by the Executive for Good Reason if the Executive terminates the Executive s employment prior to a Change of Control with Good Reason if a Good Reason condition occurs at the direction of a person or entity who has entered into an agreement with the Company the consummation of which will constitute a Change of Control.  
     
 4   

(d)                                   Other Than For Cause   .  The Company shall have the right to terminate the Executive s employment during the Employment Period for any reason not described in Section 6(a) or (b) above upon thirty (30) days  prior written notice to the Executive and such termination shall be referred to herein as a termination  Other Than For Cause.  The Executive s employment shall be deemed to have been terminated following a Change of Control by the Company Other Than For Cause if (i) the Executive resigns following a request by the Company to terminate the Executive s employment on or after a Change of Control, or (ii) the Company terminates the Executive s employment Other Than For Cause within the ninety (90) day period immediately prior to the execution of a definitive agreement the consummation of which actually results in such Change of Control. 
     
    (e)                                    Notice of Termination   .  Any termination by the Company for Cause or for Other Than For Cause, or by the Executive for Good Reason, shall be communicated by Notice of Termination to the other party hereto in accordance with Section 17(b) of this Agreement. For purposes of this Agreement, a  Notice of Termination  means a written notice that: (i) indicates the specific termination provision in this Agreement relied upon, (ii) to the extent applicable, sets forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed to provide a basis for termination of the Executive s employment under the provision so indicated and (iii) if the Date of Termination (as defined below) is other than the date of receipt of such notice, specifies the termination date (which date shall be not more than thirty (30) days after the giving of such notice). The failure by the Executive or the Company to set forth in the Notice of Termination any fact or circumstance that contributes to a showing of Good Reason or Cause shall not waive any right of the Executive or the Company, respectively, hereunder or preclude the Executive or the Company, respectively, from asserting such fact or circumstance in enforcing the Executive s or the Company s rights hereunder. 
     
    (f)                                     Date of Termination   .   Date of Termination  means (i) if the Executive s employment is terminated by reason of death or Disability, the date of the Executive s death or the date the Company terminates the Executive as a result of the Executive s Disability, as the case may be, (ii) if the Executive s employment is terminated by the Company for Cause, or by the Executive for Good Reason, the date of receipt of the Notice of Termination or any later date specified therein, as the case may be, and (iii) if the Executive s employment is terminated by the Company Other Than For Cause, the Date of Termination shall be thirty (30) days after the date on which the Company notifies the Executive of such termination, or if the Company chooses to pay the Executive thirty (30) days of base salary in lieu of providing such 30-day notice, the date on which the Company notifies the Executive of such termination. 
     
   7.                                            Obligations of the Company Upon Termination   
     
  (a)                                      Good Reason, Other Than for Cause   .  If, during the Employment Period, the Company terminates the Executive s employment Other Than For Cause or the Executive terminates employment for Good Reason under Section 6(c) above, the Executive shall receive the following benefits: 
     
 5   

(i)                                   A cash lump sum payment equal to $3,960,000 to be adjusted on a pro-rata basis consistent with adjustments to base salary during the term; 
     
  (ii)                                A cash lump sum payment equal to a pro rata portion of the Executive s bonus for the year in which the Date of Termination occurs determined by multiplying the amount the Executive would have received based on actual performance had employment continued through the date of payment, without any reduction due to exercise of negative discretion, by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days in the then current fiscal year through the Date of Termination, and the denominator of which is 365, and such payment shall be made at the same time as bonuses are paid to other officers of the Company for such year; 
     
  (iii)                             A cash lump sum payment equal to the Executive s bonus for the fiscal year immediately preceding the fiscal year in which the Date of Termination occurs, if such bonus had not then been paid as of the Date of Termination, which such payment to be made at the same time as bonuses are paid to other officers of the Company for such year; and 
     
  (iv)                            A cash lump sum payment equal to 102% of the cost of providing one year of medical benefits (health, dental and vision) to the Executive and his dependents substantially similar to those provided to the Executive and his dependents immediately prior to the Date of Termination. 
     
  (v)                                    All outstanding and unvested stock option and restricted stock awards subject solely to time-based vesting shall vest in full and any restrictions or forfeiture provisions applicable to restricted stock awards shall lapse, notwithstanding the provisions of the Tetra Tech, Inc. 2005 Equity Incentive Plan (or any successor plan) or any award agreements between the Executive and the Company thereunder, subject to Section 5.  Equity awards which vest in whole or part on achievement of performance criteria shall vest based on actual performance results.  This Section 7(a)(v) shall not alter the remaining term of any option.  For purposes of this Agreement, references to restricted stock shall also include restricted stock units.  If the Executive s employment is terminated under Section 6(d)(ii), any acceleration of vesting for time-based awards shall occur on a Change in Control. 
     
  For avoidance of doubt, the amount of payments to be provided under this Section 7(a) shall be determined without regard to any action that constitutes Good Reason under Section 6(c)(i) of this Agreement.  In the event of any conflict between the terms of this Agreement and the terms of any equity plan or individual agreement evidencing an equity award, the terms of this Agreement (including, but not limited to, the definition of  Change in Control ) shall prevail, subject to Section 5.  
     
    (b)                                        Death, Disability.   If, during the Employment Period, the Executive s employment is terminated as a result of his death or by the Company due to the Executive s Disability, the Company shall make the payments described in Section 7(a)(ii) and Section 7(a)(iii) above, if any, to the Executive. 
     
    (c)                                         Other Termination of Employment   .  If the Executive s employment is terminated for any reason other than as described in Sections 7(a) or (b) above, except as specifically provided in subsection (d) below, this Agreement shall terminate without further obligations to the Executive hereunder. 
     
 6   

(d)                                        Accrued Amounts   .  Upon a termination of employment for any reason, the Company shall pay or provide the Executive (i) any unpaid base salary through the date of termination and any accrued vacation in accordance with Company policy within thirty (30) days after employment termination; (ii) reimbursement for any unreimbursed expenses incurred through the date of termination; and (iii) all other payments and benefits to which the Executive may be entitled under the terms of any applicable compensation arrangement or benefit, equity or perquisite plan or program or grant or this Agreement, including but not limited to any applicable pension, retirement and insurance benefits (collectively,  Accrued Amounts ). 
     
    8.                                             Non-Exclusivity of Rights   .  Nothing in this Agreement shall prevent or limit the Executive s continuing or future participation in any plan, program, policy or practice provided by the Company or any of its affiliated companies and for which the Executive may qualify, nor shall anything herein limit or otherwise affect such rights as the Executive may have under any contract or agreement with the Company or any of its affiliated companies, except that all payments and benefits made under this Agreement are made in lieu of any other severance compensation or benefits to which the Executive may otherwise be entitled under any plan, program, policy or arrangement of the Company (which compensation and benefits the Executive hereby expressly waives to the extent the Executive receives the compensation and benefits provided for hereunder). Amounts that are vested benefits or that the Executive is otherwise entitled to receive under any plan, policy, practice or program of, or any contract or agreement with, the Company or any of its affiliated companies at or subsequent to the Date of Termination shall be payable in accordance with such plan, policy, practice or program or contract or agreement except as explicitly modified by this Agreement. 
     
    9.                                             Full Settlement, Mitigation   .  Except as provided in Section 7(a)(iii) and Section 11(b), the Company s obligation to make the payments provided for in this Agreement and otherwise to perform its obligations hereunder shall not be affected by any set-off, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other claim, right or action that the Company may have against the Executive or others. In no event shall the Executive be obligated to seek other employment or take any other action by way of mitigation of the amounts payable to the Executive under any of the provisions of this Agreement and, except as provided in Section 7(a)(iii), such amounts shall not be reduced whether or not the Executive obtains other employment. 
     
    10.                                      Certain Additional Payments by the Company   .  
     
    (a)                                        Excess Parachute Payments   .  In the event it shall be determined that any payment or distribution by the Company to or for the benefit of the Executive (whether paid or payable or distributed or distributable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or otherwise) (a  Payment  and collectively  Total Payments ) would be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the  Code ) (or would be within $1,000 of triggering such excise tax), then Total Payments shall be reduced (but not below zero) so that the maximum amount of Total Payments (after reduction) shall be $1,000 less than the amount that would cause the Total Payments to be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code (as so reduced, the  280G Limitation Amount ). 
     
 7   

Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Executive would be better off by at least $50,000 on an after-tax basis after taking into account all taxes (including but not limited to the Section 4999 excise tax) receiving the full amount of Total Payments as opposed to the 280G Limitation Amount the Executive shall receive the full amount of Total Payments without reduction. References to Section 4999 of the Code shall include any successor provision or any similar excise tax. The Executive shall not be entitled to an increased payment from the Company for any excise, additional, or other tax, penalty, or interest as a result of this Agreement. Any payment reductions under this subsection (a) shall be made first from cash payments.  
     
    (b)                                        Consultant.   All determinations required to be made under this Section 10, including whether and when Total Payments should or should not be reduced and the assumptions to be utilized in arriving at such determination, shall be made by a  Consulting Firm,  which shall be a law firm, a certified public accounting firm, and/or a firm of recognized executive compensation consultants selected by the Company. The Consulting Firm shall provide detailed supporting calculations regarding such determination both to the Company and the Executive within fifteen (15) business days of the receipt of notice from the Executive that there has been a Payment, or such earlier time as is requested by the Company. All fees and expenses of the Consulting Firm shall be borne solely by the Company. Any determination by the Consulting Firm shall be binding upon the Company and the Executive, and no later determination shall obligate the Company to make any payment or adjustment to the Total Payments made to the Executive. 
     
    11.                                      Conditions to Payments and Benefits   .  
     
    (a)                                      The Executive s entitlement to receive the payments and benefits (including, without limitation, accelerated vesting of equity awards) hereunder shall be conditioned upon: 
     
  (i)                                        the Executive having complied to the best of the Executive s abilities with the commitments contained in Section  
     
  (ii)                                     delivery to the Company of a resignation from all offices, directorships and fiduciary positions with the Company, its affiliates and employee benefit plans; and 
     
  (iii)                                  in the case of benefits payable under Sections 7(a) and (b), delivery to the Company of an executed agreement and general release, executed by the Executive (or by an individual authorized to act on behalf of the Executive s estate if the Executive is deceased or authorized to act on the Executive s behalf by reason of the Executive s Disability) which shall be executed substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (with such changes therein or additions thereto as needed under then applicable law to give effect to its intent and purpose) within thirty-five (35) days of presentation thereof by the Company to the Executive (and which is not subsequently revoked by the Executive or such authorized individual), and the Company shall be obligated to deliver a final form of release to the Executive s address set forth in Section 17 below (including copy to counsel) within 5 business days after an employment termination. Any benefits described in Section 7(a) and (b) are contingent on the release becoming effective and irrevocable by the 35th day following the termination of the Executive s employment provided that the release agreement is timely delivered in accordance with this Section 11(a)(iii). Payment of any benefits described in Section 7(a) and (b) will 
     
 8   

commence, if at all, on the 45th day following the Executive s termination of employment and all payments described in Section 7(a) and (b) that otherwise would have been paid or provided during the 45 days following the Executive  termination of employment, but for this sentence, shall instead be paid or provided on the 45th day following the Executive s termination of employment.  
     
    (b)                                      If the Executive fails to materially comply with any obligation or covenant under Section 2 or is subsequently determined to have terminated employment for Cause under Section 6(b) above, the Company s obligations to make any payments or provide any benefits or other rights or entitlements to Executive pursuant to any provision of this Agreement shall immediately cease and Executive shall be required to immediately repay to the Company all amounts theretofore paid or otherwise provided to Executive pursuant to any section of this Agreement. The Company may recover amounts under this Section 11(b) by set-off from any amounts otherwise due to Executive under any other plan, program or arrangement if the Executive fails to make any required repayment within 15 business days after written demand to the Executive. 
     
    (c)                                       If the Executive terminates employment prior to a Change in Control and is treated as having had his employment terminated Other Than For Cause, his outstanding equity awards shall vest in accordance with Section 7(a)(v) on the Change in Control, regardless of whether a release has become effective and irrevocable. If such release does not become effective and irrevocable as provided under Section 11(a), any stock options and restricted stock which accelerated under Section 7(a)(v) shall be forfeited, as shall any money or other property received by, or otherwise set aside on behalf of, the Executive. 
     
    12.                                      Confidential Information   .  The Executive shall hold in a fiduciary capacity for the benefit of the Company all secret or confidential information, knowledge or data relating to the Company or any of its affiliated companies, and their respective businesses, which shall have been obtained by the Executive during the Executive s employment by the Company or any of its affiliated companies and which shall not be or become public knowledge (other than by acts by the Executive or representatives of the Executive in violation of this Agreement). After termination of the Executive s employment with the Company, the Executive shall not, without the prior written consent of the Company or as may otherwise be required by law or legal process (provided that the Executive provides the Company with prior notice of the contemplated disclosure and reasonably cooperates with the Company at its expense in seeking a protective order or other appropriate protection of such information), communicate or divulge any such information, knowledge or data to anyone other than the Company and those designated by it. 
     
    13.                                      Successors.   
     
  (a)                                    This Agreement is personal to the Executive and without the prior written consent of the Company shall not be assignable by the Executive otherwise than by will or the laws of descent and distribution. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Executive s legal representatives. 
     
 9   

(b)                                    This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Company and its successors and assigns. 
     
  (c)                                     The Company will require any successor (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company to assume expressly and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform it if no such succession had taken place. As used in this Agreement,  Company  shall mean the Company as defined and any successor to its business and/or assets as aforesaid that assumes and agrees to perform this Agreement by operation of law, or otherwise. 
     
    14.                                      Disputes   .  
     
  (a)                                    Any dispute or controversy arising under or in connection with this Agreement may, at the Executive s election, be settled by arbitration, conducted before a panel of three arbitrators in Pasadena, California in accordance with the rules of the American Arbitration Association then in effect. Judgment may be entered on the arbitrator s award in any court having jurisdiction. 
     
  (b)                                    The Company agrees to pay as incurred, to the full extent permitted by law, all legal fees and expenses that the Executive may reasonably incur as a result of any contest (regardless of the outcome) by the Company, the Executive or others of the validity or enforceability of, or liability under, any provision of this Agreement or any guarantee of performance thereof (including as a result of any contest by the Executive about the amount of any payment pursuant to this Agreement), plus in each case, interest on any delayed payment at the applicable Federal rate provided for in Section 7872(f)(2)(A) of the Code;  provided ,  however,  that the Company shall have no obligation to reimburse the Executive for, or pay on behalf of the Executive s account, any fees or expenses that the Executive incurs in connection with a contest initiated by the Executive that is found by a court of competent jurisdiction or arbiter, as applicable, to be frivolous. In this circumstance, if the Company has previously paid any fees or expenses, the Executive shall promptly repay to the Company the amount of such fees and expenses. 
     
    15.                                      Amendment   .  No provision of this Agreement may be amended, modified or waived unless such amendment, modification or waiver shall be authorized by the Board or any authorized committee of the Board and shall be agreed to in writing, signed by the Executive and by an officer of the Company thereunto duly authorized;  provided, however,  that either the Board or the applicable committee may amend this Agreement at any time as necessary to comply with applicable laws and regulations without the Executive s written consent prior to a Change of Control;  provided, further, however,  that (1) the Company s unilateral power to amend this Agreement shall be limited to technical, ministerial, and regulatory requirements generally applicable to all public company officers, and (2) no such amendment would constitute Good Reason as presently defined by this Agreement. 
     
 10   

16.                 Cooperation   .  The Executive agrees to reasonably cooperate with the Company at any times in any internal investigation, any administrative, regulatory or judicial investigation or proceeding or any dispute with a third party as reasonably requested by the Company (including, without limitation, the Executive being available to the Company upon reasonable notice and at reasonable times for interviews and factual investigations, appearing at the Company s request upon reasonable notice and at reasonable times to give testimony without requiring service of a subpoena or other legal process, delivering to the Company requested information and relevant documents which are or may come into the Executive s possession, all at times and on schedules that are reasonably consistent with the Executive s other permitted activities and commitments). The obligations under this Section shall survive expiration of this Agreement. If the Executive s cooperation under this Section is requested after the Executive s termination of employment, the Company shall (i) provide the Executive reasonable advance notice after giving due consideration to the Executive s then current employment obligations, and (ii) reimburse the Executive for all reasonable travel expenses and other reasonable out-of-pocket expenses upon submission of receipts. 
     
    17.                 Miscellaneous   .  
     
  (a)              This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, without reference to principles of conflict of laws. The captions of this Agreement are not part of the provisions hereof and shall have no force or effect. This Agreement may not be amended or modified other than by a written agreement executed by the parties hereto or their respective successors and legal representatives. 
     
  (b)              All notices and all other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given (i) on the date of delivery if delivered by hand, (ii) on the date of transmission, if delivered by confirmed facsimile, (iii) on the first business day following the date of deposit if delivered by guaranteed overnight delivery service, or (iv) on the fourth business day following the date delivered or mailed by United States registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed as set forth below: 

To the Executive:        

To the Company:            

Dan L. Batrack       

Tetra Tech, Inc.    3475 East Foothill Boulevard    Pasadena, CA 91107    Attention: Janis B. Salin, Esq.    General Counsel              
     
  or to such other address as either party shall have furnished to the other in writing in accordance herewith.  
     
  (c)              The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement. 
     
  (d)              This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts (including via facsimile), each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument and shall become effective when one or more counterparts have been signed by each of the parties and delivered to the other parties. 
     
 11   

(e)              The Company may withhold from any amounts payable under this Agreement such Federal, state, local or foreign taxes required to be withheld pursuant to any applicable law or regulation. 
     
  (f)              The Executive s or the Company s failure to insist upon strict compliance with any provision hereof or any other provision of this Agreement or the failure to assert any right the Executive or the Company may have hereunder, including, without limitation, the right of the Executive to terminate employment for Good Reason pursuant to Section 6(c)(i)-(v) of this Agreement, shall not be deemed to be a waiver of such provision or right or any other provision or right of this Agreement. 
     
  (g)              The language used in this Agreement will be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties hereto to express their mutual intent, and no rule of strict construction will be applied against any party hereto. Neither the Executive nor the Company shall be entitled to any presumption in connection with any determination made hereunder in connection with any arbitration, judicial or administrative proceeding relating to or arising under this Agreement. 
     
  (h)              The Executive represents and warrants to the Company that the Executive has the legal right to enter into this Agreement and to perform all of the obligations on the Executive s part to be performed hereunder in accordance with its terms and that the Executive is not a party to any agreement or understanding, written or oral, which could prevent the Executive from entering into this Agreement or performing all of the Executive s obligations hereunder. 
     
  (i)               The Executive and the Company acknowledge that this Agreement supersedes all prior agreements covering the subject matter hereof, and, except as may otherwise be provided under any other written agreement between the Executive and the Company, the employment of the Executive by the Company is  at will  and, prior to the Effective Date, the Executive s employment and this Agreement may be terminated by either the Executive or the Company at any time prior to the Effective Date, in which case the Executive shall have no further rights under this Agreement. From and after the date hereof, this Agreement shall supersede any other agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof. 
     
  (j)            If the Executive should die while any cash amounts are due and payable to the Executive hereunder, all such amounts, unless otherwise provided herein, shall be paid to the Executive s surviving spouse, or if there is no surviving spouse, the Executive s estate.  
     
   18.              409A   .  
     
  (a)              To the extent required by Section 409A of the Code, all references to  termination of employment,   Date of Termination  and correlative phrases for purposes of this Agreement shall be construed to require a  separation from service  (as defined in Section 1.409A-1(h) of the Treasury regulations after giving effect to the presumptions contained therein). 
     
 12   

(b)              To the extent that (i) any payments or benefits to which the Executive becomes entitled under this Agreement, or under any other plan, program or agreement maintained by the Employer, in connection with the Executive s termination of employment with the Company constitute deferred compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code and (ii) the Executive is deemed at the time of such termination of employment to be a  specified employee  under Section 409A of the Code, then such payments or benefits shall not be made or commence until the earliest of (x) the expiration of the six (6) month and one day period measured from the date of the Executive s separation from service (as defined in Section 18(a) above) from the Company; or (y) the date of the Executive s death following such separation from service; provided, however, that such deferral shall only be effected to the extent required to avoid adverse tax treatment to the Executive, including (without limitation) the additional twenty percent (20%) tax for which the Executive would otherwise be liable under Section 409A(a)(1)(B) of the Code in the absence of such deferral. Upon the expiration of the applicable deferral period, any payments which would have otherwise been made during that period (whether in a single sum or in installments) in the absence of this paragraph shall be paid to the Executive or the Executive s beneficiary in one lump sum. For the purposes of this Section 18, the term  specified employee  means an individual determined by the Employer to be a specified employee under Treasury regulation Section 1.409A-1(i) in accordance with the policies of the Employer. 
     
  (c)              It is intended that each installment of any benefits or payments provided hereunder constitute a separate payment for purposes of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-2(b)(2)(i). It is further intended that payments hereunder satisfy, to the greatest extent possible, the exemptions from the application of Section 409A of the Code (and any state law of similar effect) provided under Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-1(b)(4) (as a  short-term deferral ) and Section 1.409A-1(b)(9) (as  separation pay due to involuntary separation ). The parties intend that all the benefits and payments provided under this Agreement shall be exempt from, or comply with, the requirements of Section 409A of the Code. 
     
  (d)              To the extent any expense reimbursement or the provision of any in-kind benefit under this Agreement is determined to be subject to Section 409A of the Code, the amount of any such expenses eligible for reimbursement, or the provision of any in-kind benefit, in one calendar year shall not affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement in any other taxable year (except for any lifetime or other aggregate limitation applicable to medical expenses), in no event shall any expenses be reimbursed after the last day of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the Executive incurred such expenses, and in no event shall any right to reimbursement or the provision of any in-kind benefit be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit. 
     
 13   

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Executive has hereunto set the Executive s hand and, pursuant to the authorization from its Board of Directors, the Company has caused these presents to be executed in its name on its behalf, all as of the day and year first above written.  

14   

EXHIBIT A   
   FORM OF RELEASE AGREEMENT   
     
   AGREEMENT AND GENERAL RELEASE   
     
  Tetra Tech, Inc., its affiliates, parents, subsidiaries, divisions, successors and assigns in such capacity, and the current, future and former employees, officers, directors, trustees and agents thereof (collectively referred to throughout this Agreement as the  Employer ), and { executive s name }(the  Executive ), the Executive s heirs, executors, administrators, successors and assigns (collectively referred to throughout this Agreement as the  Employee ) agree:  
     
    1.                   Last Day of Employment.   The Executive acknowledges that [his]/[her] employment with Employer has been terminated and that the Executive s last day of employment with Employer is  [DATE] . Effective as of  [DATE] , Executive resigns from the Executive s position as                                     and will not be eligible for any benefits or compensation after  [DATE] , except as otherwise specifically provided under the Change of Control Agreement between the Employer and Executive dated   dated .  (the  Change of Control Agreement ) or under the terms of any other employee benefit plan maintained by the Employer .  The Executive further acknowledges and agrees that, after  [DATE] , the Executive will not represent the Executive as being a director, employee, officer, trustee, agent or representative of Employer for any purpose. In addition, effective as of  [DATE] , Executive resigns from all offices, directorships, trusteeships, committee memberships and fiduciary capacities held with, or on behalf of, Employer or any benefit plans of Employer. These resignations will become irrevocable as set forth in Section 3 below. 
     
    2.                   Consideration.   The parties acknowledge that this Agreement and General Release is being executed in accordance with Section 11(a)(ii) of the Change of Control Agreement. 
     
    3.                   Revocation.   Executive may revoke this Agreement and General Release for a period of seven (7) calendar days following the day Executive executes this Agreement and General Release. Any revocation within this period must be submitted, in writing, to Employer and state,  I hereby revoke my acceptance of our Agreement and General Release.  The revocation must be personally delivered to Employer s                                                                           , and postmarked within seven (7) calendar days of execution of this Agreement and General Release. This Agreement and General Release shall not become effective or enforceable until the revocation period has expired. If the last day of the revocation period is a Saturday, Sunday, or legal holiday in Pasadena, California, then the revocation period shall not expire until the next following day which is not a Saturday, Sunday, or legal holiday. 
     
    4.                   General Release of Claim.   Subject to the full satisfaction by the Employer of its obligations under the Change of Control Agreement, Employee knowingly and voluntarily releases and forever discharges Employer from any and all claims, causes of action, demands, fees and liabilities of any kind whatsoever, whether known and unknown, against Employer, 
     
 15   

Employee has, has ever had or may have as of the date of execution of this Agreement and General Release, including, but not limited to, any alleged violation of:  
     
          Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended; 
     
          The Civil Rights Act of 1991; 
     
          Sections 1981 through 1988 of Title 42 of the United States Code, as amended; 
     
          The Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended; 
     
          The Immigration Reform and Control Act, as amended; 
     
          The Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, as amended; 
     
          The Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, as amended; 
     
          The Older Workers Benefit Protection Act of 1990; 
     
          The Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act, as amended; 
     
          The Occupational Safety and Health Act, as amended; 
     
          The Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993; 
     
          Any wage payment and collection, equal pay and other similar laws, acts and statutes of the State of California; 
     
          Any other federal, state or local civil or human rights law or any other local state or federal law, regulation or ordinance; 
     
          Any public policy, contract, tort, or common law; or 
     
          Any allegation for costs, fees, or other expenses including attorneys  fees incurred in these matters. 
     
  Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the sole matters to which the Agreement and General Release do not apply are: (i) Employee s express rights to accrued vested benefits under any other employee benefit plan, policy or arrangement maintained by Employer or under COBRA (the  Accrued Amounts  (ii) Employee s rights under the provisions of the Change of Control Agreement which are intended to survive termination of employment; or (iii) the Employee s rights as a stockholder.  
     
    5.                  No Claims Permitted.   Employee waives Executive s right to file any charge or complaint against Employer arising out of Executive s employment with or separation from Employer before any Federal, state or local court or any state or local administrative agency, except where such waivers are prohibited by law. 
     
 16   

6.                   Affirmations.   Employee affirms Executive has not filed, has not caused to be filed, and is not presently a party to, any claim, complaint, or action against Employer in any forum. Employee further affirms that the Executive has been paid and/or has received all compensation, wages, bonuses, commissions, and/or benefits to which Executive may be entitled and no other compensation, wages, bonuses, commissions and/or benefits are due to Executive, except for the Accrued Amounts. The Employee also affirms Executive has no known workplace injuries. 
     
    7.                   Cooperation; Return of Property.   Employee agrees to reasonably cooperate with Employer and its counsel in connection with any investigation, administrative proceeding or litigation relating to any matter that occurred during Executive s employment in which Executive was involved or of which Executive has knowledge. Employee represents that Executive has returned any and all property belonging to the Employer, including any confidential information with respect to the Employer or its operations. 
     
    8.                   Governing Law and Interpretation.   This Agreement and General Release shall be governed and conformed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without regard to its conflict of laws provisions. In the event Employee or Employer breaches any provision of this Agreement and General Release, Employee and Employer affirm either may institute an action to specifically enforce any term or terms of this Agreement and General Release. Should any provision of this Agreement and General Release be declared illegal or unenforceable by any court of competent jurisdiction and should the provision be incapable of being modified to be enforceable, such provision shall immediately become null and void, leaving the remainder of this Agreement and General Release in full force and effect. Nothing herein, however, shall operate to void or nullify any general release language contained in the Agreement and General Release. 
     
    9.                   No Admission of Wrongdoing.   Employee agrees neither this Agreement and General Release nor the furnishing of the consideration for this Release shall be deemed or construed at any time for any purpose as an admission by Employer of any liability or unlawful conduct of any kind. 
     
    10.                 Amendment.   This Agreement and General Release may not be modified, altered or changed except upon express written consent of both parties wherein specific reference is made to this Agreement and General Release. 
     
    11.                 Entire Agreement.   This Agreement and General Release sets forth the entire agreement between the parties hereto and fully supersedes any prior agreements or understandings between the parties;  provided, however,  that notwithstanding anything in this Agreement and General Release, the provisions in the Change of Control Agreement which are intended to survive termination of the Executive s employment shall survive and continue in full force and effect. Employee acknowledges Executive has not relied on any representations, promises, or agreements of any kind made to Executive in connection with Executive s decision to accept this Agreement and General Release. 
     
 17   

EMPLOYEE HAS BEEN ADVISED THAT EXECUTIVE HAS UP TO THIRTY-FIVE (35) CALENDAR DAYS TO REVIEW THIS AGREEMENT AND GENERAL RELEASE AND HAS BEEN ADVISED IN WRITING TO CONSULT WITH AN ATTORNEY PRIOR TO EXECUTION OF THIS AGREEMENT AND GENERAL RELEASE.  
     
  EMPLOYEE AGREES ANY MODIFICATIONS, MATERIAL OR OTHERWISE, MADE TO THIS AGREEMENT AND GENERAL RELEASE DO NOT RESTART OR AFFECT IN ANY MANNER THE ORIGINAL THIRTY-FIVE (35) CALENDAR DAY CONSIDERATION PERIOD.  
     
  HAVING ELECTED TO EXECUTE THIS AGREEMENT AND GENERAL RELEASE, TO FULFILL THE PROMISES SET FORTH HEREIN, AND TO RECEIVE THE SUMS AND BENEFITS SET FORTH IN THE SEVERANCE AGREEMENT, EMPLOYEE FREELY AND KNOWINGLY, AND AFTER DUE CONSIDERATION, ENTERS INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND GENERAL RELEASE INTENDING TO WAIVE, SETTLE AND RELEASE ALL CLAIMS EXECUTIVE HAS OR MIGHT HAVE AGAINST EMPLOYER.  
     
  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto knowingly and voluntarily executed this Agreement and General Release as of the date set forth below:  

TETRA TECH, INC.            

By:           

Name: Dan L. Batrack           

Title:           

Date:           

Dan L. Batrack              
     
 18   

</EX-10.17>

<EX-21>
 3
 a2230290zex-21.htm
 EX-21

Exhibit 21   
       
  Subsidiaries of Tetra Tech, Inc.  

NAME        

JURISDICTION OF FORMATION            

Advanced Management Technology, Inc.       

Virginia           

AEG West, Inc.       

California           

America s Schoolhouse Consulting Services, Inc.       

New York           

American Environmental Group, Ltd.       

Ohio           

ARD, Inc.       

Vermont           

Ardaman   Associates, Inc.       

Florida           

BFP Consultants Pty Ltd       

Australia           

BIOCNG, LLC       

New York           

Bovell Freeman Holley (Pty) Ltd       

South Africa           

BPR- nergie Inc.       

Quebec, Canada           

BPR Inc.       

Quebec, Canada           

BPR-Infrastructure Inc.       

Quebec, Canada           

BPR-Triax Inc.       

Quebec, Canada           

Carson Group (AKL) Limited       

New Zealand           

Carson Group Limited       

New Zealand           

CICP Consultores Internacionales, LLC       

Delaware           

Clifton Coney Group (NZ) Limited       

New Zealand           

Coffey Afghanistan LLC       

Afghanistan           

Coffey Afghanistan Pty Ltd       

Australia           

Coffey Africas Holdings Pty Ltd       

Australia           

Coffey Americas Holdings Pty Ltd       

Australia           

Coffey Asia Limited       

China (Hong Kong)           

Coffey Australia Holdings Pty Ltd       

Australia           

Coffey Consultoria e Servicos Ltda       

Brazil           

Coffey Consultoria Servicios SpA       

Chile           

Coffey Corporate Pty Ltd       

Australia           

Coffey Environments Australia Pty Ltd       

Australia           

Coffey Environments Pty Ltd       

Australia           

Coffey Europe ME Holdings Pty Ltd       

Australia           

Coffey Geotechnics Limited       

United Kingdom           

Coffey Geotechnics Pty Ltd       

Australia           

Coffey Holding SDN BHD       

Malaysia           

Coffey International (Africa) (Pty) Ltd       

South Africa           

Coffey International Development Holdings Limited       

United Kingdom           

Coffey International Development Limited       

United Kingdom           

Coffey International Development Pty Ltd       

Australia           

Coffey International Development (Middle East) Pty   Ltd       

Australia           

Coffey International, Inc.       

Delaware           

Coffey International Incorporated       

Philippines           

Coffey International Limited       

Australia           

Coffey International NZ Limited       

New Zealand              

Coffey LPM Pty Ltd       

Australia           

Coffey (Malaysia) SDN BHD       

Malaysia           

Coffey Mining Pty Ltd       

Australia           

Coffey Myanmar Limited       

Myanmar           

Coffey Natural Systems Pty Ltd       

Australia           

Coffey Nigeria Ltd       

Nigeria           

Coffey Philippines Inc       

Philippines           

Coffey Projects (Africa) (Pty) Ltd       

South Africa           

Coffey Projects (Australia) Pty Ltd       

Australia           

Coffey Projects (International) Ltd       

British Virgin Islands           

Coffey Projects (Middle East) Ltd       

Bailiwick of Jersey           

Coffey Projects (New Zealand) Limited       

New Zealand           

Coffey Services Australia Pty Ltd       

Australia           

Coffey Services No 2 Pty Ltd       

Australia           

Coffey Services (NZ) Limited       

New Zealand           

Coffey Services PNG Limited       

Papua New Guinea           

Coffey Testing Pty Ltd       

Australia           

Coffey Thailand Limited       

Thailand           

Coffey UK Limited       

United Kingdom           

Cornerstone Environmental Group, LLC       

New York           

Cosentini Associates, Inc.       

New York           

DASCEM Pty Ltd       

Australia           

DCK-TTEC LLC       

Delaware           

Development Company for Technical     Environmental Consultancy LLC       

Iraq           

Delaney Crushed Stone Products, Inc.       

New York           

Duncan Rhodes Construction Management (Pty) Ltd       

South Africa           

Duncan Rhodes Procurement (Pty) Ltd       

South Africa           

Farsands Risk Management Pty Ltd       

Australia           

Farsands Solutions Pty Ltd       

Australia           

Foothills Indemnity, Inc.       

Hawaii           

Fundacion MSI Colombia       

Colombia           

Geosciences Consulting (ME) Pty Ltd       

Australia           

Global Justice Solutions Pty Ltd       

Australia           

Hagler Bailly Pakistan (Private) Limited       

Pakistan           

Hydro-Ops LLC       

Delaware           

INDUS Corporation       

Virginia           

INDUS Enterprise Solutions Inc.       

Delaware           

INDUS Secure Network Solutions, LLC       

Virginia           

INDUS ESS LLC       

Virginia           

Innogiciel Inc.       

Quebec, Canada           

Integrated Justice Systems International, LLC       

Delaware           

Inversiones Tetra Tech Chile Holding Limitada       

Chile           

Inversiones Tetra Tech Chile Acquisition Limitada       

Chile              

IP3 Afrique, LLC       

Senegal           

IT Environmental (Australia) Pty Ltd       

Australia           

KIFAYATE (SARLAU)       

Morocco           

Kiggiak-EBA Consulting Ltd.       

Northwest Territories,   Canada           

MACSIS Pty Ltd       

Australia           

Management Systems International Maroc S.A.R.L.       

Morocco           

Management Systems International Georgia       

Georgia           

Management Systems International, Inc.       

District of Columbia           

Management Systems International Iraq       

Iraq           

Met lica Consultores S.A.       

Chile           

Mideast Construction LLC       

Delaware           

MSI Egypt LLC       

Egypt           

MSI for the development of competencies and   management consultancy Ltd.       

Kurdistan           

MSI Pakistan (Private) Limited       

Pakistan           

Nehtruh-EBA Consulting Ltd.       

Northwest Territories,   Canada           

NELPCO Limited Partnership       

Yukon, Canada           

NND EBA Land Protection Corp.       

Yukon, Canada           

Park L Projects Ltd.       

British Columbia,   Canada           

Parkland Pipeline Equipment Ltd.       

Alberta, Canada           

Parkland Pipeline Contractors Ltd.       

Alberta, Canada           

Parkland Projects Ltd.       

Saskatchewan, Canada           

PRO-telligent, LLC       

Delaware           

PRO-telligent Global, LLC       

Virginia           

PRO-telligent Global Limited, LLC       

Kenya           

PRO-telligent Global (South) Limited       

Malawi           

Proteus Engineers Pty Ltd.       

Australia           

Rooney Engineering, Inc.       

Colorado           

Secure Networx LLC       

Virginia           

Sodat Inc.       

Quebec, Canada           

Taheel Tetra Tech L.L.C.       

Saudi Arabia           

Tetra Tech Alaska, L.L.C.       

Alaska           

Tetra Tech AMT FZ LLC       

Fujairah, UAE           

Tetra Tech ARD, Inc. S. de R.L. de C.V       

Mexico           

Tetra Tech Argentina S. A.       

Argentina           

Tetra Tech Australia Holding Pty Ltd.       

Australia           

Tetra Tech Australia Pty Ltd       

Australia           

Tetra Tech BAS, Inc.       

California           

Tetra Tech (Beijing) Consultancy Company Limited       

China           

Tetra Tech Canada Construction Inc.       

Canada           

Tetra Tech Canada Construction LP       

Ontario, Canada           

Tetra Tech Canada Holding Corporation       

Canada           

Tetra Tech Canada Inc.       

Canada           

Tetra Tech Cape Canaveral, LLC       

Florida              

Tetra Tech CES, LLC       

Washington           

Tetra Tech Coffey Holding LLC       

Delaware           

Tetra Tech Coffey Holding Pty Limited       

Australia           

Tetra Tech Colombia SAS       

Colombia           

Tetra Tech Construction, Inc.       

New York           

Tetra Tech Construction Craft Payroll LLC       

New York           

Tetra Tech Construction National Payroll LLC       

Delaware           

Tetra Tech Construction Oil   Gas Payroll,   LLC       

Delaware           

Tetra Tech Consultoria Ltda       

Brazil           

Tetra Tech Contingency Constructors, LLC       

Delaware           

Tetra Tech do Brasil Minerios e Metais Ltda.       

Brazil           

Tetra Tech do Brasil Participacoes Ltda.       

Brazil           

Tetra Tech EBA Inc.       

Alberta, Canada           

Tetra Tech EC, Inc.       

Delaware           

Tetra Tech EMC, Inc.       

California           

Tetra Tech ES, Inc.       

Delaware           

Tetra Tech ES, Inc. S. de R.L. de C.V       

Mexico           

Tetra Tech ES India Private Limited.       

India           

Tetra Tech EU B.V.       

Netherlands           

Tetra Tech Executive Services, Inc.       

California           

Tetra Tech Expeditionary Operations, Inc.       

Delaware           

Tetra Tech Facilities Construction, LLC       

New Jersey           

Tetra Tech Holding LLC       

Delaware           

Tetra Tech IC, Inc.       

Alberta, Canada           

Tetra Tech IN Inc.       

Quebec, Canada           

Tetra Tech India Limited       

India           

Tetra Tech Industries Africa (pty) Ltd.       

South Africa           

Tetra Tech Industries General Partner Inc.       

Canada           

Tetra Tech International, Inc.       

Delaware           

Tetra Tech International S.A.C.       

Peru           

Tetra Tech MA, Inc.       

Delaware           

Tetra Tech Management Consultancy LLC       

Oman           

Tetra Tech New Martinsville, LLC       

Delaware           

Tetra Tech NZ Limited       

New Zealand           

Tetra Tech OGD Inc.       

British Columbia,   Canada           

Tetra Tech QC Inc.       

Quebec, Canada           

Tetra Tech QE Inc.       

Quebec, Canada           

Tetra Tech QI Inc.       

Quebec, Canada           

Tetra Tech RAC Craft, LLC       

Delaware           

Tetra Tech Sustentabilidade Servi os De Engenharia   Consultiva Ltda.       

Brazil           

Tetra Tech TAS Inc.       

Ontario, Canada           

Tetra Tech Technical Services, Inc.       

Delaware           

Tetra Tech Tesoro, Inc.       

Virginia           

Tetra Tech Utility Construction, Inc.       

Delaware           

Tetra Tech WEI Inc.       

Canada              

TTI Ring Industries Limited       

Jamaica           

Wardrop (Ghana) Ltd.       

Ghana           

Western Utility Cable, Inc.       

Illinois           

Western Utility Central, Inc.       

Illinois           

Western Utility Contractors, Inc.       

Illinois           

Western Utility Electric, Inc.       

Illinois           

Western Utility LLC       

Delaware           

Whalen   Company, Inc.       

Delaware           

Whalen Service Corps Inc.       

Delaware           

646696 NB Inc       

Canada           

646756 NB Inc.       

Canada              

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 4
 a2230290zex-23.htm
 EX-23

QuickLinks  
  -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document 

EXHIBIT 23            

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM            

                We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-203817, 333-184958,
333-174032, 333-158932, 333-148712, 333-145201, 333-145199, 333-85558, 333-53036, 333-211153, and 333-11757) of Tetra Tech, Inc. of our report dated November 22, 2016 relating to the
financial statements, financial statement schedule and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K.   

  /s/
PRICEWATERHOUSECOOPERS LLP   

PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
Los Angeles, California 
November 22, 2016   

QuickLinks    
 
  EXHIBIT 23   
 
  CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM   

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 a2230290zex-31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

QuickLinks  
  -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document 

EXHIBIT 31.1            

Chief Executive Officer Certification Pursuant to   Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002            

                I, Dan L. Batrack, certify that:   

                1.           I
have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Tetra Tech, Inc.;   

                2.           Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

                3.           Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.           The
registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

                              (a)         Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that
material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is
being prepared;   

                              (b)         Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles;   

                              (c)
          Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

                              (d)         Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent
fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control
over financial reporting; and   

                5.           The
registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's
auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

                              (a)         All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely
to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

                              (b)         Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over
financial reporting.   

Dated: November 22, 2016  
      
   /s/ Dan L. Batrack 

Dan L. Batrack 
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President 
(Principal Executive Officer)  

QuickLinks    
 
  EXHIBIT 31.1   
 
  Chief Executive Officer Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 a2230290zex-31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

QuickLinks  
  -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document 

EXHIBIT 31.2            

Chief Financial Officer Certification Pursuant to   Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002            

                I, Steven M. Burdick, certify that:   

                1.           I
have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Tetra Tech, Inc.;   

                2.           Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

                3.           Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.           The
registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

                              (a)         Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that
material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is
being prepared;   

                              (b)         Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles;   

                              (c)
          Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

                              (d)         Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent
fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control
over financial reporting; and   

                5.           The
registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's
auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

                              (a)         All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely
to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

                              (b)         Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over
financial reporting.   

Dated: November 22, 2016  
      
   /s/ Steven M. Burdick 

Steven M. Burdick 
Chief Financial Officer 
(Principal Financial Officer)  

QuickLinks    
 
  EXHIBIT 31.2   
 
  Chief Financial Officer Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 a2230290zex-32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

QuickLinks  
  -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document 

EXHIBIT 32.1            

Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to   Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002            

                In connection with the Annual Report of Tetra Tech, Inc. (the "Company") on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 2,
2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"), I, Dan L. Batrack, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge:   

1.    The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and
      2.    The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.    

Dated: November 22, 2016  
      
   /s/ DAN L. BATRACK 

Dan L. Batrack 
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President 
(Principal Executive Officer)  

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed
form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Tetra Tech, Inc. and will be retained by Tetra Tech, Inc. and furnished
to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.   

The
foregoing certification is being furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission as an exhibit to the Form 10-K and shall not be considered filed as part of the
Form 10-K.   

QuickLinks    
 
  EXHIBIT 32.1   
 
  Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 a2230290zex-32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

QuickLinks  
  -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document 

EXHIBIT 32.2            

Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to   Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002            

                In connection with the Annual Report of Tetra Tech, Inc. (the "Company") on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 2,
2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"), I, Steven M. Burdick, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18
U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge:   

1.    The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and
      2.    The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.    

Dated:    November 22, 2016  
      
   /s/ STEVEN M. BURDICK 

Steven M. Burdick 
Chief Financial Officer 
(Principal Financial Officer)  

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed
form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Tetra Tech, Inc. and will be retained by Tetra Tech, Inc. and furnished
to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.   

The
foregoing certification is being furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission as an exhibit to the Form 10-K and shall not be considered filed as part of the
Form 10-K.   

QuickLinks    
 
  EXHIBIT 32.2   
 
  Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   

</EX-32.2>

<EX-95>
 9
 a2230290zex-95.htm
 EX-95

Exhibit 95   
       
   MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES   
     
  The following table shows, for each project performed at U.S. mines that is subject to the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977 (   MSHA   ), the information required by Section 1503(a) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and Item 104 of Regulation S-K. Section references are to sections of MSHA.  

12 Month Period Ending October   2, 2016        

Pinto Valley    Operations        

Delaney Crushed    Stone Products,    Inc.        

Alleged violations of mandatory   health or safety standards that could significantly and substantially   contribute to the cause and effect of a mine safety or health hazard (#)       

0       

2       

Section 104(b) orders   (#)       

0       

0       

Section 104(d) citations   and orders (#)       

0       

0       

Section 110(b)(2) violations   (#)       

0       

0       

Section 107(a) orders   (#)       

0       

0       

Proposed assessments under MSHA   ($) whole dollars       

0       

$       
 
  754.00       

Mining-related fatalities (#)       

0       

0       

Section 104(e) notice       

0       

0       

Notice of the potential for a   pattern of violations under Section 104(e)       

0       

0       

Legal actions before the Federal   Mine Safety and Health Review Commission ( FMSHRC ) initiated (#)       

0       

2       

Legal actions before the FMSHRC   resolved       

3       

0       

Legal actions pending before the   FMSHRC, end of period       

Contests of citations and orders   reference in Subpart B of 29 CFR Part 2700       

0       

2       

Contests of proposed penalties referenced   in Subpart C of 29 CFR Part 2700 (#)       

0       

0       

Complaints for compensation   referenced in Subpart D of 29 CFR Part 2700 (#)       

0       

0       

Complaints of discharge,   discrimination or interference reference in Subpart E of 29 CFR   Part 2700 (#)       

0       

0       

Applications for temporary relief   referenced in Subpart F of 29 CFR Part 2700 (#)       

0       

0       

Appeals of judges  decisions or   orders reference in Subpart H of 29 CFR Part 2700 (#)       

0       

0       

Total pending legal actions (#)       

0       

2       

</EX-95>

<EX-101.INS>
 10
 ttek-20161002.xml
 EX-101.INS

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 ttek-20161002.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 ttek-20161002_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 ttek-20161002_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 ttek-20161002_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 ttek-20161002_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

