<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161110_10-Q_edgar_data_1592745_0001564590-16-028990_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10973575</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>219350</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>470055</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2307503</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4227665</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2694477</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>37</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001564590-16-028990.hdr.sgml : 20161110
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161110173120
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001564590-16-028990
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		87
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161110
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161110

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Nexpoint Multifamily Capital Trust, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001592745
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				464106316
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-200221
		FILM NUMBER:		161989311

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		300 CRESCENT COURT
		STREET 2:		SUITE 700
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75201
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(972) 628-4100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		300 CRESCENT COURT
		STREET 2:		SUITE 700
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75201

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Nexpoint Multifamily Realty Trust, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20141112

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Highland Capital Realty Trust, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20131122

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001564590-16-028990.txt : 20161110

10-Q
 1
 ck0001592745-10q_20160930.htm
 FORM 10-Q

ck0001592745-10q_20160930.htm

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington D.C. 20549 
   
 FORM 10-Q 
   
 (Mark One) 

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 
 OR 

For the transition period from                        to                        
 Commission File Number 333-200221 
   
 NexPoint Multifamily Capital Trust, Inc. 
 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

Maryland  

46-4106316  

(State or other Jurisdiction of 
 Incorporation or Organization)  

(I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.)  

(972) 628-4100 
 (Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 
 N/A 
 (Former name, former address or former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 
   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes           No        
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes           No        
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large Accelerated Filer  

Accelerated Filer  

Non-Accelerated Filer  

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  
 
 Smaller reporting company  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes           No        
 As of November 10, 2016, the registrant had 962,380 shares of Class A common stock, $0.01 par value, outstanding and 0 shares of Class T common stock, $0.01 par value, outstanding. 

NEXPOINT MULTIFAMILY CAPITAL TRUST, INC.  
 Form 10-Q 
 September 30, 2016 
   
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Page   

Item 1.  
 
   Financial Statements    

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015    
 
 3  

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)    
 
 4  

Consolidated Statement of Stockholders  Equity for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 (unaudited)    
 
 5  

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)    
 
 6  

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements    
 
 8  

Item 2.  
 
   Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations    
 
 35  

Item 3.  
 
   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk    
 
 50  

Item 4.  
 
   Controls and Procedures    
 
 50  

PART II OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1.  
 
   Legal Proceedings    
 
 52  

Item 1A.  
 
   Risk Factors    
 
 52  

Item 2.  
 
   Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds    
 
 52  

Item 3.  
 
   Defaults Upon Senior Securities    
 
 52  

Item 4.  
 
   Mine Safety Disclosures    
 
 52  

Item 5.  
 
   Other Information    
 
 53  

Item 6.  
 
   Exhibits    
 
 53  

Signatures    
 
 55  

2 

PART I FINANCI  AL INFORMATION  
   
     Item 1. Financial Statements 
 NEXPOINT MULTIFAMILY CAPITAL TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
     CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 3 

NEXPOINT MULTIFAMILY CAPITAL TRUST, INC.   AND SUBSIDIARIES  
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
 (in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 (Unaudited) 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

4 

NEXPOINT MULTIFAMILY CAPITAL TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY  
 (in thousands) 
 (Unaudited) 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements    

5 

NEXPOINT MULTIFAMILY CAPITAL TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES     
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in thousands) 
 (Unaudited) 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
   
 6 

NEXPOINT MULTIFAMILY CAPITAL TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES     
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in thousands) 
 (Unaudited) 

Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information  

Interest paid  

$  
 
 939  

$  
 
 109  

Supplemental Disclosure of Noncash Investing and Financing Activities  

Capitalized construction costs included in accounts payable and other accrued liabilities  

87  

2  

Change in fair value on hedging instruments designated as hedges  

7  

18  

Distributions paid to Class A common stockholders through common stock issuances pursuant to the distribution reinvestment plan  

23  

Noncash contribution by Advisor  

501  

Liabilities assumed from acquisition  

278  

Other assets acquired from acquisition  

39  

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

7 

NEXPOINT MULTIFAMILY CAPITAL TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
     NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
   
 1. Organization and Description of Business 
 NexPoint Multifamily Capital Trust, Inc. (the  Company ) was incorporated on November 12, 2013 as a Maryland corporation, and intends to elect to be taxed as a real estate investment trust ( REIT ). The Company is externally managed by NexPoint Real Estate Advisors II, L.P. (the  Advisor ) pursuant to an advisory agreement, as amended, dated August 10, 2015 (the  Advisory Agreement ) and renewed on August 10, 2016. Substantially all of the Company s assets are owned by NexPoint Multifamily Operating Partnership, L.P. (the  OP ), the Company s operating partnership. The Company is the sole general partner and a limited partner of the OP. The special limited partner of the OP is the Advisor. 
 The Company s primary investment objectives are to provide current income for stockholders through the payment of cash distributions, preserve and return stockholders  capital contributions and realize capital appreciation on the Company s assets. All assets may be acquired and operated by the Company alone or jointly with another party. 
 The Company is offering for sale a maximum of $1.1 billion of common stock, $0.01 par value per share (the  Offering ), which consists of $1.0 billion in shares of common stock in the Company s primary offering and $100 million in shares of common stock pursuant to the Company s distribution reinvestment plan (the  DRIP ). The initial offering price for the shares sold in the primary offering is $10.00 per Class A share of common stock and $9.58 per Class T share of common stock. The initial offering price for the shares sold in the DRIP  is $9.50 per Class A share of common stock and $9.10 per Class T share of common stock . The Company reserves the right to reallocate the shares of common stock it is offering between the primary offering and the DRIP. The offering is being conducted on a  reasonable best efforts  basis, pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-11 (Registration No. 333-200221) filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Highland Capital Funds Distributor, Inc. (the  Dealer Manager ), an entity under common ownership with the Advisor, serves as the dealer manager of the Offering. 
 The Company will provide its stockholders with an initial estimated net asset value ( NAV ) per share of each class of its common stock based on a valuation as of a date no later than  150  days from March 24, 2018, or the second anniversary of the date the Company broke escrow in the Offering, although the Company may provide an estimated NAV based on a valuation prior to such date. If the Company provides an estimated NAV on a date prior to the conclusion of the Offering (the  NAV pricing date ), the Company s board of directors (the  Board ) may determine to modify the public offering price to reflect the estimated per share NAV .  
 Substantially all of the net proceeds of the Offering are used to  directly or indirectly acquire, own, operate and selectively develop well-located  core  and  core-plus  multifamily properties in large cities and suburban markets of large cities, primarily in the Southeastern and Southwestern United States. The Company also originates preferred equity investments with operators of well-located  core  and  core-plus  multifamily properties. Investing in both direct property investments and preferred equity investments is designed to minimize potential losses during market downturns and maximize risk adjusted total returns to the Company s stockholders in all market cycles. To the extent practical, the Company implements a modest value-add component on  core-plus  properties that consists, on average, of investing $1,000 - $4,000 per unit in the first 24-36 months of ownership, in an effort to add value to the asset s exterior and interior. The Company s modest value-add program is implemented at the direction and supervision of the Advisor. The Company may also seek to invest in multifamily housing debt and mezzanine debt in situations where the risk/return correlation is more attractive than direct investments in common equity and originations of preferred equity investments. The Company may also invest in common and preferred stock of both publicly traded and private real estate companies.  As of September 30, 2016, the Company owned one multifamily property and had two preferred equity investments in multifamily properties. 
 Pursuant to the terms of the Offering, offering proceeds were held in an escrow account until the Company raised the minimum offering amount of $2.0 million (the  Minimum Offering Requirement ). On March 24, 2016, the Company met the Minimum Offering Requirement and the proceeds held in escrow were released to the Company, thus allowing the Company to commence material operations. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had received a total of $2.3 million of gross offering proceeds, including approximately $22,700 of distributions reinvested through the DRIP.  
   O n April 7, 2016, the Company acquired from Highland Capital Management, L.P., the Company s sponsor (the  Sponsor ), the Sponsor s indirect 95% interest (valued at approximately $39.6 million) in a 330-unit multifamily residential community located in Phoenix, Arizona, known as Estates on Maryland ( Estates ). The Sponsor contributed Estates to the Company at the original cost to the Sponsor of approximately $39.6 million in exchange for approximately 434,783 shares of the Company s Class A common stock, $0.01 par value, at $9.20 per share,   reflecting the fact that selling commissions and dealer manager fees were not paid in connection   
 8 

with the sale  . The Company, pursuant to the agreement entered into for the acquisition of Estates (the  Contribution Agreement ), then transferred the acquired interest  s to the OP in exchange for approximately 434,783 partnership units in the OP.  
 As of September 30, 2016, the Company had issued 669,322 shares of Class A common stock in the Offering, including 2,391 shares of Class A common stock issued pursuant to the DRIP. 
 As the Company accepts subscriptions and issues shares of its common stock in the Offering, the Company will transfer substantially all of its acquired interests in investments to the OP as a contribution in exchange for partnership units and the Company s percentage ownership in the OP will increase proportionately. 
 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 Common Control 
 As the Sponsor owned greater than 50% of the voting ownership of both the Company and Estates prior to the contribution, the contribution of Estates by the Sponsor was accounted for as a combination of entities under common control; therefore, the Company accounted for the acquisition at historical cost in a manner similar to the pooling of interest method. Information included in the accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements is presented as if Estates had been combined throughout the periods presented in which common control existed; the amounts included relating to Estates were determined in accordance with SEC regulations and guidance. As such, the acquisition of Estates by the Company was deemed to be made on the date it was purchased by the Sponsor, which was August 5, 2015 (the  Original Acquisition Date ). The Company incurred acquisition fees of approximately $0.4 million payable to the Advisor for the acquisition of Estates, which are deemed to have been incurred on the Original Acquisition Date (see Note 10). Therefore, the accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements are presented reflecting the acquisition of Estates as if it occurred on the Original Acquisition Date, rather than on April 7, 2016, the date on which the Company actually acquired Estates from the Sponsor. The following table reflects the recasting adjustments, as presented herein, to the Company s consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2015, as filed on Form 10-K with the SEC on March 25, 2016 (in thousands): 

9 

Principles of Consolidation and Basis of Presentation  
 The accompanying unaudited interim consolidated financial statements of the Company were prepared in accordance with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles ( GAAP ) as contained within the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) and the rules and regulations of the SEC. The accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements include the account of the Company and the OP and its subsidiaries. Because the Company is the sole general partner and a limited partner of the OP and has unilateral control over its management and major operating decisions (even if additional limited partners are admitted to the OP), the accounts of the OP are consolidated in the Company s consolidated financial statements. The Company consolidates entities in which it controls more than 50% of the voting equity and in which control does not rest with other investors. Investments in real estate joint ventures over which the Company has the ability to exercise significant influence, but for which it does not have financial or operating control, are accounted for using the equity method of accounting. The Company has two investments accounted for using the equity method of accounting that is reflected on the Company s accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements as  Preferred equity investments.  All intercompany balances and transactions are eliminated in consolidation. The financial statements of the Company s subsidiaries are prepared using accounting policies consistent with those of the Company.  
 In addition, the Company evaluates relationships with other entities to identify whether there are variable interest entities ( VIEs ) as required by FASB ASC 810,  Consolidation  ( FASB ASC 810 ), and to assess whether the Company is the primary beneficiary of such entities. If the determination is made that the Company is the primary beneficiary, then that entity is included in the consolidated financial statements in accordance with FASB ASC 810.  
 On January 1, 2016, the Company adopted Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2015-02,  Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis  ( ASU 2015-02 ), which amends the current consolidation guidance affecting both the VIE and voting interest entity ( VOE ) consolidation models. The standard does not add or remove any of the characteristics in determining if an entity is a VIE or VOE, but rather enhances the way the Company assesses some of these characteristics. The OP meets the criteria as a VOE; and as the Company holds a majority of the voting interest of the OP, the Company consolidates the OP. Substantially all of the Company s assets and liabilities represent those assets and liabilities of the OP. All of the Company s debt is an obligation of the OP. 
 In the opinion of the Company s management, the accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements include all adjustments and eliminations, consisting only of normal recurring items necessary for their fair presentation in conformity with GAAP. There have been no significant changes to the Company s significant accounting policies during the nine months ended September 30, 2016.    
 Use of Estimates 
 The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
 Real Estate Investments 
 Upon acquisition of real estate investments from unrelated third parties,   in accordance   with FASB ASC 805,  Business     Combinations ,   the   purchase   price   of a property   is   allocated   to land, buildings,   improvements,   furniture,   fixtures   and equipment,   and intangible   lease   assets.   The purchase   price allocation   is   based   on management s   estimate   of the   property s    as-if    vacant   fair   value.   The  as-if    vacant   fair value   is   calculated   by using   all   available   information   such as the   replacement   cost   of such asset,   appraisals, property   condition   reports,   market   data   and other   related   information.   The allocation   of the   purchase   price   to intangible   lease   assets   represents   the   value   associated   with the   in-place   leases,   which may   include   lost   rent, leasing   commissions,   legal   and other   related   costs. Preferred equity investments are recorded at the value invested by the Company at the date of origination and accounted for under the equity method of accounting. 
 If   any debt   is   assumed   in an acquisition,   the   difference   between   the   fair   value   and the   face   value   of the debt   is   recorded   as a premium   or discount   and amortized   to interest   expense   over   the   life   of the   debt   assumed. Costs associated   with the   acquisition   of an asset,   including   acquisition   fees   paid,   are   expensed   as incurred. 
 10 

Real estate     assets,     including     land,     buildings,     improvements,     furniture,     fixtures     and equipment,     and intangible     lease     assets     are     stated     at     historical     cost     less     accumulated     depreciation     and amortization.     Costs associated     with the     development     and improvement     of the     Company s     real     estate     assets     are     capitalized     as incurred.     Costs incurred     in making     repairs     and maintaining     real     estate     assets     are     expensed     as incurred.     Real estate-related     depreciation     and amortization     are     computed     on a straight-line     basis     over     the     estimated     useful     lives     as described     in the     following     table:  

Land  

Not depreciated  

Buildings  

30 years  

Improvements  

15 years  

Furniture, fixtures, and equipment  

3 years  

Intangible lease assets  

6 months  

Impairment 
 Real estate   assets   that   are   determined   to be held   and used will   be reviewed  periodically  for   impairment  and  whenever events   or changes   in circumstances   indicate   that   the   carrying   amount   of an asset   may   not be recoverable.  In such cases,  the Company will   evaluate   the   recoverability   of such real   estate   asset   based   on estimated   future   cash   flows   and the estimated   liquidation   value   of such real   estate   asset,   and provide   for   impairment   if   undiscounted   cash   flows are   insufficient   to recover   the   carrying   amount   of the   real   estate   asset.   If   impaired,   the   real   estate   asset   will   be written   down to its   estimated   fair   value.  
 The Company considers various factors to determine if a decrease in the value of its equity method investments is other-than-temporary. These factors include, but are not limited to, age of the investment, the Company s intent and ability to retain its investment in the entity, the financial condition and long-term prospects of the entity, and the relationships with the other joint venture partners and its lenders. Based on the significance of the unobservable inputs, the Company classifies these fair value measurements within Level 3 of the valuation hierarchy. After determining an other-than-temporary decrease in the value of an equity method investment has occurred, the Company estimates the fair value of its investment by estimating the proceeds the Company would receive upon a hypothetical liquidation of the investment at the date of measurement. Inputs reflect management s best estimate of what market participants would use in pricing the investment giving consideration to the terms of the joint venture agreement and the estimated discounted future cash flows to be generated from the underlying joint venture assets. The inputs and assumptions utilized to estimate the future cash flows of the underlying assets are based upon the Company s evaluation of the economy, market trends, operating results, and other factors, including judgments regarding costs to complete any construction activities, lease up and occupancy rates, rental rates, inflation rates, capitalization rates utilized to estimate the projected cash flows at the disposition, and discount rates. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company did not record any impairment charges related to real estate assets or equity method investments .  
 Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 The Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with original maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents. Cash equivalents may include cash and short-term investments. Short-term investments are stated at cost, which approximates fair value and may consist of investments in money market accounts. There are no restrictions on the use of the Company s cash balance. 
 Restricted Cash 
 Restricted cash is comprised of security deposits, operating escrows, and renovation value-add reserves. Security deposits are held until they are due to tenants and are credited against the balance. Operating escrows are required and held by the joint venture s first mortgage lender(s) for items such as real estate taxes, insurance, and required repairs. Lender held escrows are released back to the joint venture upon the borrower s proof of payment of such expenses. Renovation value-add reserves are funds identified to finance our value-add renovations at our properties and are not required to be held in escrow by a third party. The Company may reallocate these funds, at its discretion, to pursue other investment opportunities. The following is a summary of the restricted cash held as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 (in thousands): 

11 

Deferred Financing Costs  
 The Company defers costs incurred in obtaining financing and amortizes the costs over the terms of the related loans using the straight-line method, which approximates the effective interest method. Upon repayment of or in conjunction with a material change in the terms of the underlying debt agreement, any unamortized costs are charged to interest expense. Deferred financing costs, net of amortization, of $0.2 million and $0.2 million, are recorded as a deduction from mortgages payable on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015, respectively. Deferred financing costs, net of amortization, of $0.1 million are recorded as a deduction from the debt related to the Company s credit facility on the accompanying unaudited consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2016. The Company did not have any deferred financing costs related to its credit facility as of December 31, 2015. Amortization of deferred financing costs, of $0.1 million and less than $0.1 million, is included in interest expense on the accompanying unaudited consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Amortization of deferred financing costs, of $0.1 million and less than $0.1 million, is included in interest expense on the accompanying unaudited consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 
 Noncontrolling Interests 
 Noncontrolling interests are comprised of the Company s joint venture partners  interests in the joint venture in the multifamily property that the Company consolidates. The Company reports its joint venture partners  interests in its consolidated real estate joint ventures and other subsidiary interests held by third parties as noncontrolling interests. The Company records these noncontrolling interests at their initial fair value, adjusting the basis prospectively for their share of the respective consolidated investment s net income or loss and equity contributions and distributions. These noncontrolling interests are not redeemable by the equity holders and are presented as part of permanent equity. Income and losses are allocated to the noncontrolling interest holder based on its economic ownership percentage. 
 Accounting for Joint Ventures 
 The Company accounts for subsidiary partnerships, joint ventures and other similar entities in which it holds an ownership interest in accordance with FASB ASC 810. The Company first evaluates whether each entity is a VIE. Under the VIE model, the Company consolidates an entity when it has the power to direct the activities of the VIE and the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits that could potentially be significant to the VIE. Under the voting model, the Company consolidates an entity when it controls the entity through ownership of a majority voting interest. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 The Company s primary operations consist of rental income earned from its residents under lease agreements with terms of typically one year or less. Rental income is recognized when earned. This policy effectively results in rental income recognition on the straight-line method over the related terms of the leases. Resident reimbursements and other income consist of charges billed to residents for utilities, carport and garage rental, pets, administrative, application and other fees and are recognized when earned. 
 Equity in Income 
 The Company recognizes equity in income earned on a stated investment return from preferred equity investments the Company originates.  Equity in income on the Company s preferred equity investments is recorded under the equity method of accounting. The Company does not accrue a receivable for its equity in income earned on its preferred equity investments if there is a reason to doubt the Company s ability to collect such income.  
 Asset Management   Property Management Services 
 Asset management fee and property management fee expenses are recognized when incurred in accordance with the Advisory Agreement and the property management agreement, respectively (see Note 10). 
 Organization and Offering Expenses 
 Organization and offering expenses include all expenses (other than selling commissions, the dealer manager fee and the distribution fee) to be paid by the Company in connection with the Offering. Organization and offering expenses are initially paid by the Advisor and its affiliates and are reimbursed by the Company with certain limitations discussed below. Organization and offering expenses include, but are not limited to: (i) legal, accounting, printing, mailing and filing fees; (ii) charges of the Company s escrow agent; and (iii) due diligence expense reimbursements to participating broker-dealers.        
 12 

Organization expenses, when recognized,   are expensed by the Company on the accompanying unaudited consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. Offering costs, when recogniz  ed, are treated as a reduction of the total proceeds. Until recognized, these expenses are deferred and will be paid to the Advisor and its affiliates from the proceeds of the Offering, but only to the extent the reimbursement would not     exceed 1.0% of the   gross offering proceeds. The Advisor is responsible for the payment of organization and offering expenses the Company incurs in excess of 1.0% of the gross offering proceeds.  
 Operating Expenses 
 Operating expenses include, but are not limited to, payments of reimbursements to the Advisor and its affiliates for operating expenses paid on behalf of the Company, audit fees, legal fees, directors  and officers  liability insurance and Board fees. For more information on operating expenses and reimbursements to the Advisor and its affiliates, see Note 10. 
 Fees to Affiliates 
 Fees to affiliates include, but are not limited to, acquisition and disposition fees paid to our Advisor on qualifying assets that are acquired or sold, subject to certain limitations. For more information on fees to affiliates, see Note 10. 
 Income Taxes 
 The Company intends to elect to be taxed as a REIT under Sections 856 through 860 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the  Code ), and expects to qualify as a REIT.  To qualify as a REIT, the Company must meet a number of organizational and operational requirements, including a requirement to distribute annually at least 90% of its  REIT taxable income,  as defined by the Code, to its stockholders. As a REIT, the Company will be subject to federal income tax on its undistributed REIT taxable income and net capital gain and to a 4% nondeductible excise tax on any amount by which distributions it pays with respect to any calendar year are less than the sum of (a) 85% of its ordinary income, (b) 95% of its capital gain net income and (c) 100% of its undistributed income from prior years. The Company intends to operate in such a manner so as to qualify as a REIT, including creating taxable REIT subsidiaries to hold assets that generate income that would not be consistent with the rules applicable for qualification as a REIT if held directly by the REIT, but no assurance can be given that the Company will operate in a manner so as to qualify as a REIT. If the Company were to fail to meet these requirements, it could be subject to federal income tax on all of the Company s taxable income at regular corporate rates for that year. The Company would not be able to deduct distributions paid to stockholders in any year in which it fails to qualify as a REIT. Additionally, the Company will also be disqualified from electing to be taxed as a REIT for the four taxable years following the year during which qualification was lost unless the Company is entitled to relief under specific statutory provisions.  As of September 30, 2016, the Company believes it is in compliance with all applicable REIT requirements. 
 Acquisition Costs 
 Acquisition costs include costs incurred to acquire assets and are expensed upon acquisition. The amount of acquisition costs incurred depends on the specific circumstances of each closing and are one-time costs associated with each acquisition. 
 Reportable Segments 
 The Company has two reportable segments,   with activities related to owning and operating multifamily real estate properties and originating preferred equity investments in multifamily real estate properties. The Company organizes and analyzes the operations and results of each of these segments independently, due to inherently different considerations for each segment. For more information regarding the Company s reportable segments, see Note 3 .   
 Concentration of Credit Risk 
 The Company maintains cash balances with high quality financial institutions, including NexBank, SSB, an affiliate of our Advisor, and periodically evaluates the creditworthiness of such institutions and believes that the Company is not exposed to significant credit risk. Cash balances may be in excess of the amounts insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. 
 Fair Value Measurements 
   Fair value measurements are determined based on the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability. As a basis for considering market participant assumptions in fair value measurements, FASB ASC 820,  Fair Value Measurement and Disclosures , establishes a fair value hierarchy that distinguishes between market participant assumptions based on market data obtained from sources independent of the reporting entity (observable inputs that are classified within Levels 1 and 2 of  
 13 

the hierar  chy) and the reporting entity s own assumptions about market participant assumptions (unobservable inputs classified within Level 3 of the hierarchy):  

Level 1 inputs utilize quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Company has the ability to access.     

Level 2 inputs are inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly. Level 2 inputs may include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, as well as inputs that are observable for the asset or liability (other than quoted prices), such as interest rates and yield curves that are observable at commonly quoted intervals.     

Level 3 inputs are the unobservable inputs for the asset or liability, which are typically based on an entity s own assumption, as there is little, if any, related market activity. In instances where the determination of the fair value measurement is based on input from different levels of the fair value hierarchy, the level in the fair value hierarchy within which the entire fair value measurement falls is based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety.     

 The Company s assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment and considers factors specific to the asset or liability. The Company utilizes an independent third party to perform the allocation of value analysis for each property acquisition and has established policies, as described above, processes and procedures intended to ensure that the valuation methodologies for investments are fair and consistent as of the measurement date. 
 Per Share Data 
 On August 12, 2015, the SEC declared effective the Company s registration statement on Form S-11 (Registration No. 333-200221) related to the Offering, as described above. The Company had no operating activities or earnings (loss) per share before August 12, 2015. In accordance with SEC regulations and guidance, the Company s acquisition of Estates was determined to be a combination of entities under common control. As such, the acquisition of Estates by the Company (through the issuance of the Company s Class A common stock) was deemed to be made on the date it was purchased by the Sponsor, which was August 5, 2015. In the accompanying consolidated financial statements, operations are shown from the Original Acquisition Date, although the Company did not begin material operations until March 24, 2016, the date the Company broke escrow in the Offering, enabling it to commence material operations and reimburse the Advisor and its affiliates for certain expenses incurred on the Company s behalf. Accordingly, the Company has presented basic and diluted earnings (loss) per share for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. Basic earnings (loss) per share is computed by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number of shares of the Company s common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings (loss) per share is computed based on the weighted average number of shares of the Company s common stock and all potentially dilutive securities, if any. Non-vested shares of the Company s restricted Class A common stock give rise to potentially dilutive shares of the Company s Class A common stock but such shares were excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share because such shares were anti-dilutive during the period. For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company incurred a loss per share, on a basic and diluted basis, of $0.49 and $2.97, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company incurred a loss per share, on a basic and diluted basis, of $1.96 and $7.67, respectively. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 Section 107 of the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act (the  JOBS Act ) provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), for complying with new or revised accounting standards applicable to public companies. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. However, we have elected to  opt out  of such extended transition period. Therefore, we intend to comply with new or revised accounting standards on the applicable dates on which the adoption of standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. Section 107 of the JOBS Act provides that our decision to opt out of such extended transition period for compliance with new or revised accounting standards is irrevocable. 
   In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers  ( ASU 2014-09 ), which requires an entity to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. An entity should also disclose sufficient quantitative and qualitative information to enable users of financial statements to understand the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers. In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-14,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers   Deferral of the Effective Date,  which amends ASU 2014-09 to defer the effective date by one year. The new standard is effective for annual and interim periods in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017. The  
 14 

Company will implement the provisions of ASU 2014-09 as of January 1, 2018. The Company is in the process of evaluating the impact of the new standard on i  ts current policies for revenue recognition.    
 In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15,  Presentation of Financial Statements   Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40): Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern  ( ASU 2014-15 ) ,  which requires management to evaluate whether there are conditions and events that raise substantial doubt about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern, and to provide disclosures when it is probable that the entity will be unable to meet its obligations as they become due within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued. ASU 2014-15 is effective for annual periods in fiscal years ending after December 15, 2016, and interim periods thereafter, with early adoption permitted. The Company will implement the provisions of ASU 2014-15 as of December 31, 2016. The Company has determined the new standard will not have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. 
 In January 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-01,  Income Statement   Extraordinary and Unusual Items (Subtopic 225-20), Simplifying Income Statement Presentation by Eliminating the Concept of Extraordinary Items  ( ASU 2015-01 ). The amendments in ASU 2015-01 eliminate from GAAP the concept of extraordinary items. Although the amendment will eliminate the requirements for reporting entities to consider whether an underlying event or transaction is extraordinary, the presentation and disclosure guidance for items that are unusual in nature or occur infrequently will be retained and will be expanded to include items that are both unusual in nature and infrequently occurring. ASU 2015-01 is effective for annual and interim periods in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015. Early adoption is permitted provided that the guidance is applied from the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption. The Company implemented the provisions of ASU 2015-01 as of January 1, 2016, which did not have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. 
 In February 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-02,  Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis  ( ASU 2015-02 ), which changes the way reporting enterprises evaluate whether (a) they should consolidate limited partnerships and similar entities, (b) fees paid to a decision maker or service provider are variable interests in a VIE, and (c) variable interests in a VIE held by related parties of the reporting enterprise require the reporting enterprise to consolidate the VIE. ASU 2015-02 also significantly changes how to evaluate voting rights for entities that are not similar to limited partnerships when determining whether the entity is a VIE, which may affect entities for which the decision making rights are conveyed through a contractual arrangement. ASU 2015-02 is effective for annual and interim periods in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015. The Company implemented the provisions of ASU 2015-02 as of January 1, 2016, as more fully described in Note 2. 
 In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-03,  Interest   Imputation of Interest  ( ASU 2015-03 ), which changes the way reporting enterprises record debt issuance costs. ASU 2015-03 requires that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct reduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent with debt discounts. In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-15,  Presentation and Subsequent Measurement of Debt Issuance Costs Associated with Line-of-Credit Arrangements  ( ASU 2015-15 ) .  ASU 2015-15 supplements the requirements of ASU 2015-03 by allowing an entity to defer and present debt issuance costs related to a line of credit arrangement as an asset and subsequently amortize the deferred costs ratably over the term of the line of credit arrangement. ASU 2015-03 and ASU 2015-15 are effective for annual and interim periods in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015. The Company implemented the provisions of ASU 2015-03 and ASU 2015-15 as of January 1, 2016. 
 In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-01,  Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities  ( ASU 2016-01 ) ,  which changes certain recognition, measurement, presentation, and disclosure requirements for financial instruments. ASU 2016-01 requires all equity investments, except those accounted for under the equity method of accounting or resulting in consolidation, to be measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in net income. ASU 2016-01 also simplifies the impairment assessment for equity investments without readily determinable fair values, amends the presentation requirements for changes in the fair value of financial liabilities, requires presentation of financial instruments by measurement category and form of financial asset, and eliminates the requirement to disclose the methods and significant assumptions used in estimating the fair value of financial instruments. ASU 2016-01 is effective for annual and interim periods in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017. The Company will implement the provisions of ASU 2016-01 as of January 1, 2018. The Company does not expect the new standard to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. 
   In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,  Leases   ( ASU 2016-02 ) . The standard amends the existing lease accounting guidance and requires lessees to recognize a lease liability and a right-of-use asset for all leases (except for short-term leases that have a duration of one year or less) on their balance sheets. Lessees will continue to recognize lease expense in a manner similar to current accounting. For lessors, accounting for leases under the new guidance is substantially the same as in prior periods, but eliminates current real estate-specific provisions and changes the treatment of initial direct costs. Entities are required to use a modified retrospective approach for leases that exist or are entered into after the beginning of the earliest comparable period presented, with an option to elect certain transition relief. Full retrospective application is prohibited. The standard will be effective for the  
 15 

Company on January 1, 2019, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the effect that the updated standard will have on its consol  idated financial statements and related disclosures.  
 In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13,  Financial Instruments-Credit Losses (Topic 326), Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments   ( ASU 2016-13 ) . The standard requires entities to estimate a lifetime expected credit loss for most financial assets, including trade and other receivables, held-to-maturity debt securities, loans and other financial instruments, and to present the net amount of the financial instrument expected to be collected. The updated standard will be effective for the Company on January 1, 2020; early adoption is permitted on January 1, 2019. The Company is currently evaluating the effect that the updated standard will have on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 
 In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230), Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments  ( ASU 2016-15 ). The ASU addresses specific cash flow items with the objective of reducing existing diversity in practice, including the treatment of distributions received from equity method investees. The updated standard will be effective for the Company on January 1, 2018 and must be applied retrospectively to all periods presented; early adoption is permitted. The Company does not expect the updated standard to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 
 3. Segment Information 
 The Company has two reportable segments, with activities related to owning and operating multifamily real estate properties and originating preferred equity investments in multifamily real estate properties. The Company s investments in real estate generate rental income and other income through the operation of properties. The Company s preferred equity investments earn equity in income on a stated investment return. The Company organizes and analyzes the operations and results of each of these segments independently, due to inherently different considerations for each segment. Such considerations include, but are not limited to, the nature and characteristics of the investment and investment strategies and objectives. The Company has not presented its assets as of December 31, 2015 and results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 by reportable segment due to the fact that its preferred equity investments were originated in 2016 and therefore do not provide a meaningful comparison of the Company s two reportable segments between the periods. 
 The following table presents the Company s assets as of September 30, 2016 by reportable segment (in thousands): 

(1)   
 
 Other assets consist of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, and prepaid and other assets held at the Company level.    

 16 

The following tables present the Company s results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 by reportable segment, as well as a reconciliation from consolidated segment net operating income (NOI) to net los  s (in thousands):  

(1)   
 
 Excludes expenses that are not reflective of the ongoing operations of the property or are incurred on behalf of the Company at the property for expenses such as legal and other professional fees.    

(1)   
 
 Includes interest costs incurred on approximately $9.25 million of debt used to originate the Company s preferred equity investments.    

(1)   
 
 Adjustment to net loss excludes expenses that are not reflective of the ongoing operations of the property or were incurred on behalf of the Company at the property for expenses such as legal and other professional fees.    

(2)   
 
 Includes interest costs incurred on approximately $36.9 million of debt used to acquire Estates.    

 17 

4. Acquisitions and Originations  
 As of September 30, 2016, through its consolidated and unconsolidated joint ventures, the Company has invested in a total of three multifamily properties. The following tables provide summary information regarding the Company s acquisitions and originations, which are either consolidated or accounted for under the equity method of accounting. 
 Operating Property Acquisitions 

(1)   
 
 Estates was acquired from the Sponsor on April 7, 2016; however, as the acquisition was determined to be a combination of entities under common control, the acquisition was deemed to be made on the date it was purchased by the Sponsor, which was August 5, 2015 (see Note 2).    

 In connection with its indirect equity investment in Estates, the Company, through the OP, directly holds a membership interest in a single-asset LLC that directly owns the property. This entity is deemed to be a VIE as the Company has disproportionate voting rights (in the form of substantive participating rights over all of the decisions that are made that most significantly affect economic performance) relative to the Company s economic interests in the entity and substantially all of the activities of the entity are performed on the Company s behalf. The Company is considered the primary beneficiary of the VIE as no single party meets both criteria to be the primary beneficiary, and the Company is the member of the related party group that has both the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact economic performance of the VIE and the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits that could potentially be significant to the VIE. Within the related party group, the Company is the most closely associated to the VIE based on the purpose and design of the entity, the size of its ownership interests relative to the other investors, and the rights the Company holds with respect to the other investors  equity interests, including the Company s ability to preclude any transfers of its interests and ability to drag them along on the sale of the Company s equity interest. This VIE is consolidated in the Company s financial statements. The assets of this VIE can only be used to settle obligations of this entity, and the creditor of this entity has no recourse to the assets of other entities or the Company. 
 The other investors in Estates are BH Equities, LLC ( BH Equity ) and an affiliate of BH Equity. When this VIE was formed, BH Equity and its affiliate invested cash in the VIE and received a proportional share of the VIE. This VIE has a non-recourse mortgage that has standard scope non-recourse carve outs required by agency lenders and calls for protection by the borrower and the guarantor against losses by the lender for so-called  bad acts,  such as misrepresentations, and may include full recourse liability for more significant events such as bankruptcy. An affiliate of BH Equity provided a non-recourse carve out guarantee for the mortgage indebtedness currently outstanding relating to the VIE. In consideration of the guarantee provided by the affiliate of BH Equity, the affiliate will earn an additional profit interest in the VIE such that distributions will be made to the members of the VIE pro rata in proportion to their relative percentage interests until the members have received an internal rate of return equal to 13%. Then, the proportion of distributions changes to a predetermined allocation according to the agreement between the VIE and the affiliate of BH Equity. 
 Preferred Equity Investment Originations 

18 

(1)   
 
        Bell Midtown is a preferred equity investment with a minimum monthly preferred return of 8.0% annualized and   an additional preferred return of 4.0% annualized, which accrues monthly on a compounding basis if not paid. As of September 30, 2016, the borrower has elected to pay both the current and accrued pay rates monthly.     

(2)   
 
 Ownership interest is a preferred equity interest, through Nashville RE Holdings, LLC, a wholly owned single-asset LLC, in WW Olympus Midtown LP, which directly owns Bell Midtown.    

(3)   
 
 Ownership interest is a preferred equity interest, through NREA SOV Investors, LLC, a wholly owned single-asset LLC, in CAF Stone Oak Village, LLC, which directly owns Springs at Stone Oak Village.    

 The Company, through the OP, has entered into joint ventures with unrelated third parties to originate preferred equity investments. The Company s preferred equity investments are funded with a combination of debt and equity. The Company s losses are limited to its investment and the Company does not guarantee any debt, capital payout, or other obligations associated with the joint ventures. Both joint ventures that the Company, through the OP, is invested in, are deemed to be VIEs as they have equity investors that lack certain essential characteristics of a controlling financial interest. The Company is not the primary beneficiary of these joint ventures as it lacks the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact their economic performance and accounts for these interests under the equity method of accounting under FASB ASC 323-30,  Investments in Partnerships, Joint Ventures, and Limited Liability Entities , on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
 5. Operating Real Estate Investments 
 As of September 30, 2016, the Company has one consolidated investment in a multifamily property. The following table contains summary information of the Company s consolidated investment as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:  

(1)   
 
 Average effective monthly rent per unit is equal to the average of the contractual rent for commenced leases as of September 30, 2016 minus any tenant concessions over the term of the lease, divided by the number of units under commenced leases as of September 30, 2016.    

(2)   
 
 Percent occupied is calculated as the number of units occupied as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, divided by the total number of units, expressed as a percentage.    

(3)   
 
 Estates was acquired from the Sponsor on April 7, 2016; however, as the acquisition was determined to be a combination of entities under common control, the acquisition was deemed to be made on the date it was purchased by the Sponsor, which was August 5, 2015.    

 As of September 30, 2016, the major components of the Company s consolidated investment in a multifamily property were as follows (in thousands) (unaudited): 

As of December 31, 2015, the major components of the Company s consolidated investment in a multifamily property were as follows (in thousands): 

19 

For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, depreciation expense was $0.3 million and $0.7 million, respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, depreciation expense was $0.2 million.  
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, amortization expense related to the Company s intangible lease assets was $0.0 million and $0.2 million, respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, amortization expense related to the Company s intangible lease assets was $ 0.3 million . Due to the six-month useful life attributable to intangible lease assets, the value of intangible lease assets on any acquisition prior to March 31, 2016 has been fully amortized and the assets and related accumulated amortization have been written-off as of September 30, 2016. 
 6. Preferred Equity Investments 
 As of September 30, 2016, the Company has two preferred equity investments accounted for under the equity method of accounting. The Company did not have any preferred equity investments as of December 31, 2015. The following table contains summary information of the Company s preferred equity investments as of September 30, 2016: 

(1)   
 
 Average effective monthly rent per unit is equal to the average of the contractual rent for commenced leases as of September 30, 2016 minus any tenant concessions over the term of the lease, divided by the number of units under commenced leases as of September 30, 2016.    

(2)   
 
 Percent occupied is calculated as the number of units occupied as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, divided by the total number of units, expressed as a percentage.    

 Summary combined financial information for the Company s preferred equity investments as of September 30, 2016 and for the three months ended September 30, 2016 is as follows (in thousands): 

20 

7. Debt  
 Mortgage Payable 
 The following table contains summary information concerning the mortgage debt of the Company as of September 30, 2016: 

(1)   
 
 Mortgage debt that is non-recourse to the Company and encumbers the multifamily property.    

(2)   
 
 Interest rate is based on one-month London Interbank Offered Rate ( LIBOR ) plus an applicable margin. One-month LIBOR, as of September 30, 2016, was 0.5311%.    

(3)   
 
 Represents the maximum rate payable on the note as a result of an interest rate cap (see Note 9).    

(  4)   
 
 Loan is full term interest-only and can be pre-paid starting in the 13 th  month through the 57 th  month of the term at par plus 1.0% of the unpaid principal balance and at par during the last three months of the term.    

 The mortgage is a non-recourse obligation subject to customary provisions. The loan agreement contains customary events of default, including defaults in the payment of principal or interest, defaults in compliance with the covenants contained in the documents evidencing the loan, defaults in payments under any other security instrument covering any part of the property, whether junior or senior to the loan, and bankruptcy or other insolvency events. As of September 30, 2016, the Company believes it is in compliance with all provisions. 
 Credit Facility 
 On April 7, 2016, the OP and the Sponsor entered into a revolving credit agreement as borrowers of up to $15.0 million (the  Commitment ) with KeyBank, N.A. ( KeyBank ) as administrative agent and lender (the  Credit Facility ), and the OP immediately drew $14.1 million on the Credit Facility and paid the full balance of the $10.0 million bridge loan with KeyBank the Company assumed upon the acquisition of Estates. On April 7, 2016, the OP used $4.0 million of proceeds from the Credit Facility and $2.0 million of cash on hand to originate its $6.0 million preferred equity investment in Bell Midtown. The Credit Facility is payable in full on April 7, 2017, but is pre-payable at any time without penalty. The Credit Facility is non-amortizing during the term it is outstanding and accrues interest at an annual rate of 4.0% plus one-month LIBOR.  In connection with the Credit Facility, the Company provided a guaranty to KeyBank and pledged certain assets and proceeds from the Offering to KeyBank as collateral for the Credit Facility. The OP also pledged certain assets and equity interests to KeyBank as collateral for the Credit Facility, including 50% of its interest in Estates and 50% of its interest in Bell Midtown. In addition, an affiliate of the Sponsor pledged equity securities to KeyBank as collateral for the Credit Facility, and another affiliate of the Sponsor guaranteed the Credit Facility . 
 On August 19, 2016, the OP and the Sponsor amended the Credit Facility (the  Amendment ) to increase the Commitment from $15.0 million to $20.0 million, and the Company, through the OP, immediately drew $5.25 million on the Credit Facility to originate its preferred equity investment in Springs at Stone Oak Village. Pursuant to the Amendment, the principal balance of the Credit Facility is to be reduced to $17.0 million as of October 31, 2016, and reduced to $15.0 million as of December 31, 2016. Further, the Amendment reflects that, to the extent any principal payments are made on the outstanding principal balance, including any mandatory prepayment, at any time that the outstanding principal balance exceeds $15.0 million, the Commitment shall be permanently reduced by the amount of such prepayment and the amount prepaid shall not be available to be reborrowed. In connection with the Amendment, the OP pledged to KeyBank its 100% preferred equity interest in Springs at Stone Oak Village as collateral for the Credit Facility. The Company is in discussions with KeyBank to extend the maturity date, alleviating the need to repay the Credit Facility in full in April 2017. As of September 30, 2016, the Company, through the OP, has $19.4 million outstanding under the Credit Facility at an interest rate of 4.53% (see Note 15). 
 The Credit Facility agreement, as amended, contains customary provisions with respect to events of default, covenants and borrowing conditions. Certain prepayments may be required upon a breach of covenants or borrowing conditions. As of September 30, 2016, the Company believes it is in compliance with all provisions. 
 Leverage Limit 
   There is no limitation on the amount the Company may borrow against any single improved property. Under the Company s charter, the Company s borrowings may not exceed 300% of its total  net assets  (as defined in the Company s charter in accordance  
 21 

with the North American Securities Administrators Association Statement of Policy regarding Real Estate Investment Trusts (the  NASAA REIT Guidelines )) (the  Leverage Limit ).   However, the Company intends to target a leverage ratio of 50% to 60% for its portfolio. The Company may exceed the Leverage Limit if such excess is approved by a majority of its independent directors and disclosed to stockholders in its next quarterly rep  ort following such borrowing, along with justification for exceeding such limit. This charter limitation, however, does not apply to individual real estate assets or investments. The Company expects that during the period of the Offering, it will seek such   independent director approval of borrowings in excess of the Leverage Limit since the Company is in the process of raising its equity capital to acquire its portfolio.   As a result of the debt incurred on the acquisition of Estates and the additional debt   incurred from the investments in Bell Midtown and Springs at Stone Oak Village, borrowings of the Company exceeded     the Leverage Limit. A majority of the Company s independent directors approved borrowings in excess of the Leverage Limit. The Company s inde  pendent directors determined that exceeding the Leverage Limit was justified because the Company is in the process of raising its equity capital to acquire its portfolio. As a result, the Company expects that its debt levels will be higher until it has rai  sed equity capital and repaid a portion of its initial leverage.  
 Schedule of Debt Maturities    
 The aggregate scheduled maturities, including amortizing principal payments, of total debt for the next five calendar years subsequent to September 30, 2016  are as follows (in thousands):  

8. Stockholders  Equity 
 Common Stock 
 Under the Company s Articles of Incorporation, the total number of shares of common stock, $0.01 par value per share, initially authorized for issuance was 200,000. In connection with the Company s formation, NexPoint Advisors, L.P., an affiliate of the Company, purchased 11.11 shares of the Company s common stock for an aggregate purchase price of $100. On October 24, 2014, the Company authorized and sold 22,223 shares of common stock to the Advisor. The Company recorded a capital contribution of $222 and additional paid-in-capital of $199,778. On October 24, 2014, the Company repurchased the 11.11 shares previously held by NexPoint Advisors, L.P. in exchange for $100.  On July 7, 2015, the Company filed its Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation with the State Department of Assessments and Taxation of the State of Maryland (the  Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation ). Among other things, the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation provided for Class A and Class T shares of the Company s common stock and increased the aggregate number of authorized shares of common stock from 200,000 to 1,000,000,000, 500,000,000 of which are classified as Class A common stock, $0.01 par value per share (the  Class A Shares ), and 500,000,000 of which are classified as Class T common stock, $0.01 par value per share (the  Class T Shares ), and 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, $0.01 par value per share.  Upon filing the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, each share of the Company s common stock that was issued to the Advisor was converted to one share of the Company s Class A common stock. 
  As of September 30, 2016, the Company had issued 669,322 shares of its Class A common stock in the Offering, which consisted of the issuance of 434,783 shares to acquire a 95% interest in Estates and the issuance of 234,539 shares, including 2,391 shares issued pursuant to the DRIP, resulting in gross offering proceeds of approximately $2.3 million, including approximately $22,700 of distributions reinvested through the DRIP.    During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company recognized offering costs of less than $0.1 million. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had issued 691,545 shares of Class A common stock. 
 Class A Shares and Class T Shares are being publicly offered in any combination up to the maximum Offering amount. The share classes have different selling commissions, and there will be an ongoing distribution fee with respect to the primary Offering of Class T Shares. The initial Offering price for the shares in the primary Offering is $10.00 per Class A Share and $9.58 per Class T Share. As of September 30, 2016, no Class T shares had been issued.           
 22 

Preferred Stock  
 Under the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, the total number of shares of preferred stock authorized for issuance is 10,000,000. As of the date of these consolidated financial statements, no shares of preferred stock have been issued. 
 Distribution Reinvestment Plan 
 The Company has adopted the DRIP pursuant to which the Company s stockholders may elect to purchase shares of common stock with distributions. The Company has the discretion to extend the offering period for the shares being offered pursuant to its prospectus under the DRIP beyond the termination of the Company s primary Offering until the Company has sold all the shares allocated to the DRIP. The Company also may offer shares under the DRIP pursuant to a new registration statement. The Company reserves the right to reallocate the shares of common stock being offered between the Company s primary Offering and the DRIP. Any shares issued pursuant to the DRIP are subject to registration and renewal in any state in which such shares are offered and the offering of such shares is not exempt under applicable laws and regulations. 
 Until the NAV pricing date, the Company will offer shares under the Company s DRIP at $9.50 per Class A Share and $9.10 per Class T Share, which is 95% of the primary offering price. Thereafter, the Company will offer shares under its DRIP at the per share NAV on the date that the distribution is payable. 
 No dealer manager fees, selling commissions or distribution fees will be paid with respect to shares purchased pursuant to the DRIP; therefore, the Company will retain all of the proceeds from the reinvestment of distributions. 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 In order to provide stockholders with the benefit of some interim liquidity, the Board has adopted a share repurchase program that will enable stockholders the opportunity to potentially sell their shares back to the Company, subject to the conditions and limitations in the share repurchase program. Neither the Sponsor, the Advisor, the directors nor their respective affiliates will receive a fee on any share repurchases. The terms of the share repurchase program are more flexible in cases involving the death or qualifying disability (as determined by the applicable governmental agency), of a stockholder. 
 Repurchases of shares, when requested, are at the Company s sole discretion and generally are expected to be made quarterly until the NAV pricing date. Prior to the NAV pricing date, the Company will limit the number of shares repurchased during any calendar year to 5% of the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the prior calendar year.  Funding for the share repurchase program will be derived from proceeds the Company maintains from the sale of shares under the DRIP and other operating funds, if any, as the Board, in its sole discretion, may reserve for this purpose. The Company cannot guarantee that the funds set aside for the share repurchase program will be sufficient to accommodate all requests made each year . Generally, the Company will pay repurchase proceeds, less any applicable tax or other withholding required by law, by the third business day following each quarterly financial filing. The repurchase price per share will be the Company s then-current per share NAV. 
 Until the NAV pricing date, except with respect to repurchases sought within one year of a stockholder s death or qualifying disability (as determined by the applicable governmental agency), common stockholders must hold their shares for at least one year in order to participate in the share repurchase program. 
 Prior to the time the Advisor begins calculating NAV, the price per share that the Company will pay to repurchase shares of its common stock will be as follows: 

for stockholders who have continuously held their shares of common stock for at least one year, the price will be the lower of $9.25 and 92.5% of the amount paid for each such share;     

for stockholders who have continuously held their shares of common stock for at least two years, the price will be the lower of $9.50 and 95.0% of the amount paid for each such share;     

for stockholders who have continuously held their shares of common stock for at least three years, the price will be the lower of $9.75 and 97.5% of the amount paid for each such share;     

for stockholders who have continuously held their shares of common stock for at least four years, the price will be the lower of $10.00 and 100% of the amount paid for each such share;     

 in each case, as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations, splits, recapitalizations and the like with respect to the Company s common stock. 
 23 

The Board may amend the terms of the share repurchase program without stockholder approval. The Board may also amend, suspend or terminate the share repurchase program upon 30 days  notice   or reject any request for repurchase if it determines that the funds allocated to the share repurchase program are needed for other purposes, such as the acquisition, maintenance or repair of properties, or for use in making a declared distribution.  
 Distributions 
 The Company s long-term policy is to pay distributions solely from cash flow from operations. However, because the Company may receive income from investments at various times during the Company s fiscal year and because the Company may need cash flow from operations during a particular period to fund capital expenditures and other expenses, the Company expects that at least during the early stages of the Company s development and from time to time during the Company s operational stage, the Company will declare distributions in anticipation of cash flow that the Company expects to receive during a later period, and the Company expects to pay these distributions in advance of its actual receipt of these funds. The Board has the authority under its organizational documents, to the extent permitted by Maryland law, to fund distributions from sources such as borrowings, offering proceeds or advances and the deferral of fees and expense reimbursements by the Advisor, in its sole discretion. The Company has not established a limit on the amount of proceeds it may use from the Offering to fund distributions. If the Company pays distributions from sources other than cash flow from operations, the Company will have fewer funds available for investments and stockholders  overall return on their investment in the Company may be reduced. 
 To maintain the Company s qualification as a REIT, the Company must make aggregate annual distributions to its stockholders of at least 90% of its REIT taxable income (which is computed without regard to the dividends-paid deduction or net capital gain and which does not necessarily equal net income as calculated in accordance with GAAP). If the Company meets the REIT qualification requirements, the Company generally will not be subject to federal income tax on the income that the Company distributes to its stockholders each year. 
 Distributions Declared 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2016, the Board approved a daily distribution that accrues at a rate of $0.00164 per day for each share of the Company s Class A common stock during the period from August 1, 2016 to November 30, 2016, which, if paid over a 366-day period is equivalent to a 6.0% annualized distribution rate based on a purchase price of $10.00 per share of the Company s Class A common stock. The distributions declared accrue daily to stockholders of record as of the close of business on each day and are payable in cumulative amounts on or before the third day of each calendar month with respect to the prior month. The distributions declared are payable to stockholders from legally available funds. There is no guarantee that the Company will continue to pay distributions at this rate or at all. 
 Distributions declared for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 were approximately $69,000, including approximately $57,000 attributable to the DRIP. 
 Distributions Paid 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company paid cash distributions of approximately $10,800, which related to distributions declared for each day in the period from August 1, 2016 through August 31, 2016. Additionally, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, 2,391 shares of Class A common stock were issued pursuant to the DRIP for gross offering proceeds of approximately $22,700. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company paid total distributions of approximately $33,500.  
 9. Fair Value Measures and Financial Instruments 
 From time to time, the Company records certain assets and liabilities at fair value. Real estate assets are recorded at fair value at acquisition and may be stated at fair value if they become impaired in a given period and may be stated at fair value if they are held for sale and the fair value of such assets is below historical cost. Additionally, the Company will record derivative financial instruments at fair value. The Company will also use fair value metrics to evaluate the carrying values of its real estate assets and for the disclosure of certain financial instruments. 
 Real estate acquisitions and preferred equity originations 
   As of September 30, 2016, and as further discussed in Notes 2 and 3, the Company had acquired one multifamily property, Estates on Maryland, for $41.2 million and originated two preferred equity investments of a combined $11.25 million in two multifamily properties. The fair values of the Estates assets acquired by the Sponsor on the Original Acquisition Date were allocated  
 24 

as follows: land of approximately $5.1 million, buildin  gs, building improvements, furniture, fixtures, and equipment of approximately $35.1 million, and intangible lease assets of approximately $1.0 million based on their estimated fair values using Level 3 inputs.   If debt is assumed upon an acquisition, the d  ebt is recorded based on its estimated fair value using Level 2 inputs. Preferred equity investments are recorded at the value invested by the Company at the date of origination and accounted for under the equity method of accounting.  
 As discussed in Note 2, fair value measurements at the time of acquisition were determined by management using available market information and appropriate valuation methodologies available to management. Critical estimates in valuing certain assets and liabilities and the assumptions of what marketplace participants would use in making estimates of fair value include, but are not limited to: future expected cash flows, estimated carrying costs, estimated origination costs, lease up periods and tenant risk attributes, as well as assumptions about the period of time the acquired lease will continue to be used in the Company s portfolio and discount rates used in these calculations. Management s estimates of fair value are based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable, but which are inherently uncertain and unpredictable. Assumptions may not always reflect unanticipated events and changes in circumstances may occur. In making such estimates, management uses a number of sources, including appraisals, third party cost segregation studies or other market data, as well as information obtained in its pre-acquisition due diligence, marketing and leasing activities. Considerable judgment is necessary to interpret market data and estimate fair value. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the estimates discussed herein, using Level 3 inputs, are indicative of the amounts the Company could realize on disposition of the real estate assets or other financial instruments. The use of different market assumptions and/or estimation methodologies could have a material effect on the estimated fair value amounts. The following table represents critical assumptions used and the ranges for those assumptions: 

Derivative financial instruments and hedging activities 
 The Company is exposed to certain risks arising from both its business operations and economic conditions. The Company principally manages its exposure to a wide variety of business and operational risks through management of its core business activities. The Company manages economic risks, including interest rate, liquidity, and credit risk primarily by managing the amount, sources, and duration of its debt funding and the use of derivative financial instruments. Specifically, the Company may enter into derivative financial instruments to manage exposures that arise from business activities that result in the receipt or payment of future known and uncertain cash amounts, the value of which are determined by interest rates. The Company s derivative financial instrument is used to manage differences in the amount, timing, and duration of the Company s known or expected cash receipts and its known or expected cash payments principally related to the Company s investments and borrowings. 
 The Company utilizes an independent third party to perform the market valuations on its derivative financial instruments. The valuation of these instruments is determined using widely accepted valuation techniques, including discounted cash flow analysis on the expected cash flows of each derivative. This analysis reflects the contractual terms of the derivatives, including the period to maturity, and uses observable market-based inputs, including interest rate curves and implied volatilities. The fair values of interest rate options are determined using the market standard methodology of discounting the future expected cash receipts that would occur if variable interest rates rise above the strike rate of the caps. The variable interest rates used in the calculation of projected receipts on the cap are based on an expectation of future interest rates derived from observable market interest rate curves and volatilities. To comply with the provisions of ASC 820, the Company incorporates credit valuation adjustments to appropriately reflect both the Company s own nonperformance risk and the respective counterparty s nonperformance risk in the fair value measurements. In adjusting the fair value of the Company s derivative contracts for the effect of nonperformance risk, we have considered the impact of netting and any applicable credit enhancements, such as collateral postings, thresholds, mutual puts and guarantees. Although the Company has determined that the majority of the inputs used to value its derivatives fall within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy, the credit valuation adjustments associated with the Company s derivatives utilize Level 3 inputs, such as estimates of current credit spreads to evaluate the likelihood of default by the Company and its counterparties. The Company has determined that the significance of the impact of the credit valuation adjustments made to its derivative contracts, which determination was based on the fair value of each individual contract, was not significant to the overall valuation. As a result, the Company s derivative held as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 was classified as Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. 
   The Company s objectives in using interest rate derivatives are to add stability to interest expense related to floating rate debt and to manage its exposure to interest rate movements. To accomplish this objective, the Company has an interest rate cap on its floating rate mortgage debt as part of its interest rate risk management strategy and feels the use of derivative financial instruments is  
 25 

the most efficient and cost-effective method for managing intere  st rate risk. Interest rate caps involve the receipt of variable-rate amounts from a counterparty if interest rates rise above the strike rate on the contract in exchange for an up-front premium. The interest rate cap obtained by the Company has a term of   3     years. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and for the period from August 5, 2015 to September 30, 2015, the interest rate cap was used to hedge the variable cash flows associated with the Company s floating rate mortgage debt. The interest r  ate cap the Company employs caps the related floating interest rate at 6.00%.  
 The effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivatives designated and that qualify as cash flow hedges is recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss ( OCI ) and subsequently reclassified into earnings in the period that the hedged forecasted transaction affects earnings. Amounts reported in OCI related to derivatives will be reclassified to interest expense as interest payments are made on the Company s floating rate debt. The ineffective portion of the change in fair value of the derivatives is recognized directly in earnings. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recorded no ineffectiveness in earnings attributable to derivatives designated as cash flow hedges.        
 As of September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company had the following outstanding interest rate derivative that was designated as a cash flow hedge of interest rate risk (dollars in thousands): 

Derivatives not designated as hedges are not speculative and would be used to manage the Company s exposure to interest rate movements but do not meet the strict hedge accounting requirements of FASB ASC 815,  Derivatives and Hedging . Changes in the fair value of derivatives not designated in hedging relationships are recorded directly in earnings. As of September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company did not have any derivatives that were not designated as hedges in qualifying hedging relationships. 
 The table below presents the fair value of the Company s derivative financial instrument as well as its classification on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015 (in thousands): 

The table below presents the effect of the Company s derivative financial instrument on the accompanying unaudited consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (in thousands): 

Amount of gain 
 (loss) recognized in 
 OCI on derivative 
 (effective portion)  

Location of gain 
 (loss) reclassified 
 from accumulated 
 OCI into income  

Amount of gain 
 (loss) reclassified 
 from accumulated OCI 
 into income 
 (effective portion)  

Location of gain 
 (loss) recognized in 
 income on derivative  

Amount of gain 
 (loss) recognized in 
 income on derivative 
 (ineffective portion)  

2016  

2015  

(effective portion)  

2016  

2015  

(effective portion)  

2016  

2015  

Derivative designated as hedging instrument:  

For the three months ended September 30,  

Interest rate cap  
 
 $  
 
 (1  
 
 )  

$  
 
 (7  
 
 )  

Interest expense  

$  

$  

Interest expense  

$  

$  

For the nine months ended September 30,  

Interest rate cap  

(7  
 
 )  

(7  
 
 )  

Interest expense  

Interest expense  

Other financial instruments 
 Cash equivalents, rents and accounts receivables, accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities are carried at amounts that reasonably approximate their fair values because of the short-term nature of these instruments. The fair value of amounts due to affiliates is not determinable due to the related party nature of such amounts. 
 26 

Long-term indebted  ness is carried at an amount that reasonably approximates its fair value. The Company used market spreads   from   quoted prices on similar long-term debt, which are classified as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy, to determine the estimated fair value for t  he Company s long-term indebtedness.  
 10. Related Party Transactions 
 The Company has entered into the Advisory Agreement with the Advisor and a Dealer Manager Agreement with the Dealer Manager with respect to the Offering. Pursuant to the Advisory Agreement and the Dealer Manager Agreement, the Company is obligated to pay the Advisor and the Dealer Manager specified fees upon the provision of certain services related to the Offering, the investment of funds in real estate and real estate-related investments and the management of the Company s assets and for other services (including, but not limited to, the disposition of assets). Subject to the limitations described below, the Company is also obligated to reimburse the Advisor and its affiliates for organization and offering expenses incurred by the Advisor and its affiliates on behalf of the Company. The Company may be obligated to reimburse the Advisor or its affiliates for acquisition and due diligence expenses and certain operating expenses incurred on behalf of the Company or incurred in connection with providing services to the Company. 
 Acquisitions 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company acquired three real estate assets, two of which were acquired from related parties. 
 On April 7, 2016, the Company entered into the Contribution Agreement with the Sponsor and the OP. Pursuant to the Contribution Agreement, the Sponsor transferred its 100% interest in Estates on Maryland Holdco, LLC ( Estates Holdco ) to the Company. The Sponsor was the sole Member and Manager of Estates Holdco. Estates Holdco owns a 95% interest in Estates. The remaining 5% interest in Estates is owned by BH Equity and an affiliate of BH Equity. In connection with the acquisition of Estates, the Company incurred acquisition fees payable to the Advisor of approximately $0.4 million (see   Acquisition Fee   below), pursuant to the Advisory Agreement. The Company s independent directors unanimously approved the acquisition of Estates and the incurrence of acquisition fees payable to the Advisor. 
 On April 7, 2016, the Company, through the OP, acquired a 16% preferred equity interest in Bell Midtown by purchasing the 100% interest in Nashville RE Holdings, LLC for $6,000,000 pursuant to a purchase and sale agreement from an entity that is owned by affiliates of, and managed by, the Sponsor. The Company did not incur any acquisition fees payable to the Advisor in connection with this investment. 
 Advisory Agreement 
 On August 10, 2015, the Company entered into the Advisory Agreement with the Advisor. The Advisory Agreement is subject to annual renewal by the Board. On August 8, 2016, the Board, including the independent directors, unanimously approved the renewal of the Advisory Agreement for a one-year term that expires on August 10, 2017. Pursuant to the terms of the Advisory Agreement, the Company may pay the Advisor the fees described below: 
 Asset Management Fee to the Advisor 
 The Company pays the Advisor an asset management fee to manage the day-to-day affairs of the Company. The asset management fee is calculated on a monthly basis in an amount equal to 1/12th of 0.75% of the average of the aggregate book value of the Company s gross assets (before reserves for depreciation or other non-cash reserves), including amounts borrowed and additional amounts used for improvements, computed by taking the average of the book value of the Company s gross assets at the end of each month (or partial month), and is payable monthly in arrears. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company incurred asset management fees to the Advisor of approximately $0.1 million and $0.2 million, respectively. The Company did not incur any asset management fees to the Advisor for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015.  
 Asset Management Fee to the Company 
   In accordance with the operating agreement of the entity that owns Estates, the Company earns an asset management fee for services provided in connection with monitoring the operations of the property. The asset management fee is equal to 0.5% per annum of the aggregate effective gross income of the property, as defined in the operating agreement. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, Estates incurred asset management fees to the Company of less than $0.1 million. Estates did not incur any asset management fees to the Company for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015. Since the fees are paid to the Company (and not the Advisor) by a consolidated joint venture, they have been eliminated in consolidation. However, because our joint venture partners own a portion of the entity that owns Estates, they absorb their pro rata share of the asset management fee. This amount is  
 27 

reflected on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss in the net income (loss) attributa  ble to noncontrolling interests.  
 Acquisition Fee 
 The Company may pay the Advisor an acquisition fee equal to 1.0% of the purchase price of each asset acquired, excluding any acquisition expenses. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company did not incur any acquisition fees to the Advisor. The Company incurred acquisition fees of approximately $0.4 million payable to the Advisor for the acquisition of Estates, which are deemed to have been incurred on the Original Acquisition Date and are reflected in fees to affiliates on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 (see Note 2).   
 Organization and Offering Expenses 
 The Company will reimburse the Advisor and its affiliates for organization and offering expenses incurred on the Company s behalf in connection with the Offering, but only to the extent the reimbursement would not exceed 1.0% of the gross offering proceeds at any point in time.  The Advisor is responsible for the payment of organization and offering expenses the Company incurs in excess of 1.0% of the gross offering proceeds.  Organization and offering expenses (other than selling commissions, the dealer manager fee and the distribution fee) include, but are not limited to: (i) legal, accounting, printing, mailing and filing fees; (ii) charges of the Company s escrow agent; and (iii) due diligence expense reimbursements to participating broker-dealers. For the period from November 12, 2013 (inception) to September 30, 2016, the Advisor and its affiliates incurred organization and offering expenses of approximately $2.5 million. Subsequent to receiving $2.0 million in gross proceeds in the Offering and breaking escrow on March 24, 2016, the Company recognized less than $0.1 million in organization expenses and less than $0.1 million in offering costs for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the maximum amount allowed under the 1.0% of gross offering proceeds limitation on reimbursement to the Advisor and its affiliates. The remaining organization and offering expenses of approximately $2.4 million have not been accrued on the Company s consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2016, but may be accrued in the future and be reimbursable to the Advisor and its affiliates, subject to the limitations described herein. 
 The amount of reimbursable organization and offering expenses that have been paid or recognized from November 12, 2013 (inception) through September 30, 2016 is as follows (dollars in thousands):  

Amount  

Gross offering proceeds:  

$  
 
 2,339  

Organization and offering expenses reimbursement limitation  

1.0  
 
 %  

Total organization and offering expenses available to be paid/reimbursed  

$  
 
 23  

Organization and offering expenses recorded:  

Offering costs paid  

$  
 
 7  

Organization expenses reimbursement accrual  

16  

Total organization and offering expenses recorded by the Company  

$  
 
 23  

The amount of deferred organization and offering expenses that has not been reflected in the Company s consolidated financial statements as of September 30, 2016 is as follows (in thousands):  

28 

Investment-related Expenses  
 In addition, the Company will reimburse the Advisor or its affiliates for expenses actually incurred related to selecting, evaluating, acquiring and originating assets on its behalf, regardless of whether the Company actually acquires or originates the related assets. In addition, the Company will pay third parties, or reimburse the Advisor or its affiliates, for any investment-related expenses due to third parties, including legal fees and expenses, travel and communications expenses, costs of appraisals, accounting fees and expenses, third-party brokerage or finders  fees, title insurance expenses, survey expenses, property inspection expenses and other closing costs regardless of whether the Company acquires or originates the related assets.  The Company expects these expenses will be approximately 0.75% of the purchase price of each asset or real estate-related investment. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Advisor and its affiliates did not bill any investment-related expenses to the Company and any such expenses the Advisor or its affiliates incurred during the period are considered to be permanently waived.  
 Operating Expenses 
 The Company will also reimburse the Advisor s costs of providing administrative services and operating expenses incurred on behalf of the Company, subject to the limitation that the Company will not reimburse the Advisor for any amount by which the Company s operating expenses at the end of the four preceding fiscal quarters exceed the greater of   (a) 2.0% of average invested assets and (b) 25.0% of net income other than any additions to reserves for depreciation, bad debt or other similar non-cash reserves and excluding any gain from the sale of assets for that period (the  2%/25% Guidelines ). For these purposes,  average invested assets  means, for any period, the average of the aggregate book value of the Company s assets invested, directly or indirectly, in equity interests in and loans secured by real estate assets (including amounts invested in REITs and other real estate operating companies) before deducting reserves for depreciation, bad debts or other similar non-cash reserves, computed by taking the average of these values at the end of each month during the period. Additionally, the Company will not make operating expense reimbursements for personnel costs to the Advisor in connection with services for which the Advisor already receives acquisition fees, acquisition or disposition expenses, real estate commissions or asset management fees. The Company will not reimburse the Advisor for salaries and benefits paid to the Company s executive officers. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may reimburse the Advisor for expenses in excess of the 2%/25% Guidelines if a majority of the Company s independent directors determines that such excess expenses (an  Excess Amount ) are justified based on unusual and non-recurring factors. For the three months ended March 31, 2016, the Advisor and its affiliates incurred operating expenses of less than $0.1 million, which exceeded the 2%/25% Guidelines. On May 11, 2016, the Company s independent directors determined that the Excess Amount of operating expenses incurred by the Advisor and its affiliates for the three months ended March 31, 2016 was justified because (1) the amounts reflect legitimate operating expenses necessary for the operation of the Company s business, (2) the Company is currently in its acquisition and development stage, (3) the expenses incurred as a result of being a public company are significant and disproportionate to the Company s average invested assets and net income, and (4) the Company s average invested assets was low due to the fact that the Company did not have any real estate assets as of March 31, 2016 and only commenced material operations on March 24, 2016. For the three and six months ended September 30, 2016, the Advisor and its affiliates incurred approximately $125,000 and $501,000, respectively, of the Company s operating expenses, all of which are included on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. The Advisor made a contribution to the Company for the full amount of these operating expenses, which are included in corporate general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and is recorded as a reduction to due to affiliates and an increase to additional paid-in capital on the consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2016. The Advisor has permanently waived its ability to seek reimbursement for these operating expenses. 
 Disposition Fee 
 The Company will pay the Advisor or its affiliates a disposition fee on the sale of real property, real estate-related assets or the Company s real estate portfolio, if the Advisor or its affiliates provides a substantial amount of services in connection with a sale, as determined by a majority of the Company s independent directors. The disposition fee will be equal to 0.5% of the sales price of each real property, real estate-related asset sold, or for the sale of the Company s real estate portfolio, excluding selling costs. In the event of the sale of the Company, the Company would pay the Advisor or its affiliates a fee of the lesser of 0.5% of the sales price or 50% of the amount of the investment banking fees related to such sale that otherwise would be incurred.     
 Subordinated Participation in Net Sales Proceeds 
 The Advisor (in its capacity as special limited partner of the OP) will receive 15.0% of remaining net sales proceeds after return of capital contributions plus payment to investors of a 6.0% annual cumulative, non-compounded return on the capital contributed by investors (the  Subordinated Participation in Net Sales Proceeds ).  
 29 

Subordinated Incentive Listing Distribution  
 If the Company lists its shares on a national securities exchange, the Advisor (in its capacity as special limited partner of the OP) will receive 15.0% of the amount by which the sum of the Company s market value plus distributions exceeds the sum of the aggregate capital contributed by investors plus an amount equal to a 6.0% annual cumulative, non-compounded return to investors (the  Subordinated Incentive Listing Distribution ). Neither the Advisor nor any of its affiliates can earn both the Subordinated Participation in Net Sales Proceeds and the Subordinated Incentive Listing Distribution. 
 Subordinated Distribution Upon Termination of the Advisory Agreement 
 Upon termination or non-renewal of the Advisory Agreement with or without cause, the Advisor (in its capacity as special limited partner of the OP), will be entitled to receive distributions from the OP equal to 15.0% of the amount, if any, by which (i) the sum of the appraised value of the Company s assets, plus the total distributions paid to stockholders from the Company s inception through the termination date of the Advisory Agreement, less any amounts distributable as of the termination date of the Advisory Agreement to the limited partners of the OP, who receive partnership units, exceeds (ii) the aggregate capital contributed by investors, less the portion of any distribution that is attributable to net sales proceeds and by any amounts paid by the Company to repurchase shares, plus an amount equal to an annual 6.0% cumulative, pre-tax, non-compounded return to investors (the  Subordinated Distribution Upon Termination ). The Subordinated Distribution Upon Termination shall not be paid until after the Company s stockholders have received distributions, in the aggregate, of a full return of capital raised from stockholders (less amounts paid to repurchase shares of the Company s common stock pursuant to the Company s share repurchase program) plus an annual 6.0% cumulative, non-compounded return on the gross proceeds from the shares of the Company s common stock, as adjusted for distribution of net sale proceeds. The OP may satisfy the obligation to pay the Subordinated Distribution Upon Termination by either paying cash or issuing a non-interest bearing promissory note that will be repaid from the net sale proceeds of each sale after the date of the termination. If the promissory note is issued and not paid within five years of the termination date, then the Advisor, its successors or assigns, may elect to convert the balance of the fee into shares of the Company s common stock. 
 Other Compensation Paid to the Advisor 
 Preferred Equity Placement Fee 
 The Advisor may receive a preferred equity placement fee, paid by the entity the preferred equity is placed with, equal to 1.0% of the preferred equity investment originated with the equity sponsor. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Advisor received approximately $0.1 million of preferred equity placement fees, which related to the preferred equity origination in Springs at Stone Oak Village. 
 Preferred Equity Exit Fee 
 The Advisor may receive a preferred equity exit fee, paid by the entity the preferred equity is placed with, equal to 1.0% of the amount of preferred equity investment that is redeemed. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Advisor did not receive any preferred equity exit fees. 
 Dealer Manager Agreement 
 The Dealer Manager, an entity under common ownership with the Advisor, serves as the dealer manager of the Offering. The Dealer Manager and Advisor are related parties and will receive fees, distributions and other compensation for services related to the Offering and the investment and management of the Company s assets. The Advisor will receive fees, distributions and other compensation during the offering, acquisition, operational and liquidation stages, as more fully described above. The Dealer Manager will receive fees during the offering stage, and as it relates to the distribution fee paid on outstanding Class T shares, the Dealer Manager may continue to receive compensation after the offering stage.  
 As of September 30, 2016, the Company had issued approximately 669,322  shares of its Class A common stock in the Offering, including 2,391 shares issued pursuant to the DRIP, which consisted of the issuance of 434,783 shares to acquire a 95% interest in Estates and gross offering proceeds of approximately  $2.0 million, including approximately $22,700 of distributions reinvested through the DRIP.   In connection with the Company s incorporation and prior to the effectiveness of the Offering, the Company sold 22,223 shares of its common stock to the Advisor for an aggregate   purchase price of $200,000, at $9.00 per share, reflecting the fact that selling commissions and dealer manager fees in effect at the time of the purchase were not paid in connection with the sale. These shares were subsequently renamed as shares of Class A common stock.  
 Pursuant to the terms of the Dealer Manager Agreement, the Company may pay the Dealer Manager the fees described below: 
 30 

Selling Commissions  
 The Company will pay the Dealer Manager selling commissions of up to 7.0% of gross offering proceeds from the sale of Class A Shares and up to 3.0% of gross offering proceeds from the sale of Class T Shares. The amount of selling commissions paid on the sale of Class A Shares and Class T Shares may be lower than the aforementioned percentages due to certain volume discounts. The Company will not pay selling commissions with respect to shares of any class sold pursuant to the DRIP. Additionally, the selling commissions may be waived in connection with certain categories of sales.   
 Dealer Manager Fee 
 The Company will pay a dealer manager fee of up to 1.0% of gross offering proceeds from the sale of Class A Shares and Class T Shares. The Dealer Manager may reallow all or a portion of its dealer manager fees to participating broker-dealers and servicing broker-dealers. The Company will not pay dealer manager fees in connection with purchases of shares made pursuant to the DRIP. Additionally, the dealer manager fee may be waived in connection with certain categories of sales. 
 Distribution Fees 
 With respect to Class T Shares that are sold in the Offering, the Company will pay the Dealer Manager a distribution fee that accrues daily in an amount equal to 1/365th of 0.8% of the amount of the purchase price per share or, once reported, the NAV for the Class T shares on a continuous basis from year to year, but only on shares purchased through the Offering. The Company will continue paying distribution fees with respect to Class T Shares sold in the Offering until the earlier to occur of the following: (i) a listing of the Class T Shares on a national securities exchange, (ii) following the completion of the Offering, total underwriting compensation in the Offering equaling 10% of the gross proceeds from the Offering, or (iii) such Class T Shares no longer being outstanding. The Dealer Manager may reallow all or a portion of the distribution fee to participating broker-dealers and servicing broker-dealers. The distribution fee will be payable monthly in arrears. The Company will accrue for the entire 0.8% distribution fee at the time of sale. The distribution fee will not be payable with respect to Class T Shares issued under the DRIP. The Company will not pay a distribution fee with respect to Class A Shares. 
 Agreement Regarding Certain Volume Discount Sales 
 On September 14, 2016, the Company entered into an agreement with the Advisor and the Dealer Manager whereby the Advisor will pay a portion of the selling commissions payable to the Dealer Manager in connection with the sale of Class A shares subject to volume discounts. For purchases by an investor of $1,000,001 up to $2,000,000, the Advisor will pay a 0.5% selling commission to the Dealer Manager. For purchases by an investor of $2,000,001 up to $5,000,000, the Advisor will pay a 1.0% selling commission to the Dealer Manager. For purchases by an investor of $5,000,001 up to $10,000,000, the Advisor will pay the full amount of the     selling commissions payable to the Dealer Manager. For purchases by an investor of $10,000,001 or more, the Advisor will pay the full amount of the selling commissions payable to the Dealer Manager, after taking into account the volume discount, and the Advisor will pay an additional 1.0% of the total purchase price to the investor, which will be used to purchase additional Class A shares at a purchase price of $9.10 per share, which reflects that no selling commissions or dealer manager fees are charged on such additional Class A shares. 
 31 

Fees and Reimbursements to BH a  nd its Affiliates  
 The Company, through one of its subsidiaries, has entered into a management agreement with BH Management Services, LLC ( BH ), the Company s property manager, who manages Estates and supervises the implementation of the Company s value-add program. BH is an affiliate of the noncontrolling interest members of the Company by virtue of ownership in Estates through BH s affiliates. The property management fee is approximately 3% of the monthly gross income from the property. Additionally, the Company may pay BH certain other fees, including: (1) a fee of $25.00 per unit for the one-time setup and inspection of properties, (2) a construction supervision fee of 5-6% of total project costs, which is capitalized, (3) acquisition fees and due diligence costs reimbursements, and (4) other owner approved fees at $55 per hour. BH also acts as a paymaster for Estates and is reimbursed at cost for various operating expenses it pays on behalf of the property. The following is a summary of fees that Estates incurred to BH and its affiliates, as well as reimbursements paid to BH from the property for various operating expenses, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 (in thousands): 

(1)   
 
 Included in property management fees on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss.    

(2)   
 
 Capitalized on the consolidated balance sheets and reflected in buildings and improvements.    

(3)   
 
 Includes due diligence costs and are included in acquisition costs on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss.    

(4)   
 
 Included in property operating expenses on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss.    

(5)   
 
 Includes various operating expenses such as repairs and maintenance costs and property general and administrative expenses and are included on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss.     

 11. Restricted Share Plan 
 The Company has adopted   a restricted   share   plan   to: 

furnish incentives to individuals and entities chosen to receive restricted shares of the Company s Class A common stock because they are considered capable of improving the Company s operations and increasing profits;     

encourage selected persons to accept or continue employment with the Advisor and its affiliates; and     

increase the interest of the Company s employees, officers and directors in the Company s welfare through their participation in the growth in the value of shares of the Company s common stock.     

 The Company s restricted   share   plan   is administered   by the Board.  Upon the initial release from escrow of the Minimum Offering Requirement on March 24, 2016, each of the Company s two independent directors received a grant of  3,000 restricted   shares   of the Company s Class   A common stock at a fair value of $10.00 per share .   On May 16, 2016, upon unanimous approval by the stockholders to re-elect the Company s directors to the Board for a one-year term expiring in 2017, the Company granted an additional 3,000 restricted shares of its Class A common stock at a fair value of $10.00 per share to each of its two independent directors.  Restricted   shares of Class A common stock   issued   to independent   directors   vest   in equal   amounts   annually   over   a four-year period commencing on    the     first     anniversary     of the     date     of grant  .  An additional 3,000 restricted shares of the Company s Class A common stock will be granted to each of the Company s independent directors upon each re-election to the Board. 
 Included in corporate general and administrative expenses on the accompanying unaudited consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 is approximately $6,000 and $13,000, respectively, of compensation expense related to the grants of 6,000 restricted shares of Class A common stock to each of the Company s two independent directors. The weighted average remaining term of the restricted Class A common stock is 3.55 years as of September 30, 2016. 
 32 

Under the terms   of the restricted share plan, none of the shares have yet to vest. Assuming the Board members do not resign prior to full vesting, shares will vest according to the following schedule:  

(1)   
 
 In each year, the number of shares issued will increase by 3,000 with no corresponding change, on the vesting dates, to additional paid-in capital.    

 12. Economic Dependency 
 The Company is dependent on the Advisor and the Dealer Manager for certain services that are essential to the Company, including the sale of the Company s shares of common stock, asset acquisition and disposition decisions and other general and administrative responsibilities. In the event that the Advisor and the Dealer Manager are unable to provide such services, the Company would be required to find alternative service providers. 
 13. Commitments and Contingencies 
 Commitments 
 The Company may enter into various rehabilitation construction-related purchase commitments with parties that provide these goods and services. In the event the Company were to terminate rehabilitation construction services prior to the completion of projects, the Company could potentially be committed to satisfy outstanding or uncompleted purchase orders with such parties. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had not entered into any commitments with any parties. 
 Contingencies 
 In the normal course of business, the Company may become subject to claims, lawsuits and legal proceedings. While it is not possible to ascertain the ultimate outcome of any such matters, management believes that the aggregate amount of such liabilities, if any, in excess of amounts provided or covered by insurance, will not have a material adverse effect on the balance sheet of the Company. The Company is not involved in any material litigation nor, to management s knowledge, is any material litigation currently threatened against the Company. Additionally, subject to the limitations on reimbursements to the Advisor and its affiliates of organization and offering expenses and operating and administrative expenses paid on the Company s behalf, the Company may owe the Advisor or its affiliates payments in the future. 
 33 

14. Pro Forma Financial Information  
 The Company acquired one multifamily property and two preferred equity investments in multifamily properties during the period January 1, 2015 through September 30, 2016. The following unaudited pro forma information for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 has been provided to give effect to the acquisitions as if they had occurred on January 1, 2015. This pro forma financial information is not intended to represent what the actual results of operations of the Company would have been had these acquisitions occurred on this date, nor does it purport to predict the results of operations for future periods. The following table summarizes the consolidated pro forma results of operations of the Company for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (in thousands, except per share amounts): 

(1)   
 
 For pro forma purposes, the Company has calculated basic and diluted loss per share assuming the number of shares of its Class A common stock outstanding as of September 30, 2016 were outstanding during the period for each of the periods presented.     

 The pro forma information includes adjustments for actual revenues and expenses recorded on the accompanying unaudited consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. Net loss has been adjusted as follows: (1) acquisition costs and acquisition fees have been excluded for pro forma purposes; (2) depreciation and amortization has been adjusted based on the Company s basis in Estates, and all of the intangible lease assets have been amortized during the nine months ended September 30, 2015 due to the six-month life of intangible lease assets; (3) asset management fees have been added to include the acquisitions on a pro forma basis; (4) corporate general and administrative expenses expected to be incurred on a quarterly basis have been adjusted to include the acquisitions on a pro forma basis and are estimated to be approximately $250,000 per quarter; and (5) interest expense has been added to reflect the additional interest expense that would have been charged on the Credit Facility had the Company drawn on the Credit Facility on January 1, 2015 under the same financing arrangements as existed as of the acquisition dates.      
 15. Subsequent Events 
 Status of Our Offering 
 As of November 10, 2016, the Company had issued 962,380 shares of Class A common stock. On October 31, 2016, the Company sold approximately 260,870 shares of its Class A common stock to an affiliate of the Sponsor for approximately $2.4 million, or $9.20 per share, reflecting the public offering price net of selling commissions and the dealer manager fee. 
  Distributions Paid  
  On October 3, 2016, the Company paid distributions of approximately $35,000, which related to distributions declared for each day in the period from September 1, 2016 through September 30, 2016 and consisted of cash distributions paid in the amount of approximately $300 and approximately $34,700 in Class A shares issued pursuant to the DRIP.  
  On November 1, 2016, the Company paid distributions of approximately $35,300, which related to distributions declared for each day in the period from October 1, 2016 through October 31, 2016 and consisted of cash distributions paid in the amount of approximately $400 and approximately $34,900 in Class A shares issued pursuant to the DRIP.  
  Authorized Distributions  
    On November 10, 2016, the Board approved and authorized a daily distribution to the Company s Class A stockholders of record as of the close of business on each day of the period commencing on December 1, 2016 and ending February 28, 2017. The   
 34 

dist  ributions will be calculated based on 366 days in the calendar year and will be equal to $0.00164 per share of Class A common stock per day. Distributions for all record dates of a given month will be paid approximately three days following month end. The   distributions will be payable to stockholders from legally available funds therefor.       
 Credit Facility 
 On October 31, 2016, the Company paid down approximately $2.4 million of principal on its Credit Facility, reducing the outstanding principal balance to $17.0 million, which was funded with approximately $2.4 million of Offering proceeds. 
 35 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis o  f Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
 The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included in this quarterly report. As used herein, the terms  we,   our  and  us  refer to NexPoint Multifamily Capital Trust, Inc., a Maryland corporation, and, as required by context, NexPoint Multifamily Operating Partnership, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, which we refer to as the  OP,  and to its subsidiaries. Unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms used herein shall have the same meanings as set forth in our consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included in this quarterly report. 
  Forward-Looking Statements  
 Certain statements included in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q that are not historical facts (including any statements concerning investment objectives, other plans and objectives of management for future operations or economic performance, or assumptions or forecasts related thereto) are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. You can identify forward-looking statements by the use of forward-looking terminology such as  believes,   expects,   may,   will,   would,   could,   should,   seeks,   intends,   plans,   projects,   estimates,   anticipates,   predicts  or  potential,  or by the negative of these words and phrases, or by similar words or phrases. You can also identify forward-looking statements by discussions of strategy, plans or intentions. These forward-looking statements are based on information currently available to us and are subject to a number of known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements contained herein reflect our beliefs, assumptions and expectations of our future performance, taking into account all information currently available to us. These beliefs, assumptions and expectations are subject to risks and uncertainties and can change as a result of many possible events or factors, not all of which are known to us. If a change occurs, our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations may vary materially from those expressed in our forward-looking statements. You should carefully consider these risks before you make an investment decision with respect to our common stock. 
 For more information regarding risks that may cause our actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statements, see Item 1A. Risk Factors of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. We disclaim any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect changes in underlying assumptions or factors, new information, future events or other changes. 
 Overview 
  We are a Maryland corporation incorporated on November 12, 2013 that intends to elect to be taxed as a real estate investment trust ( REIT ). We are primarily focused on directly or indirectly acquiring, owning, and operating well-located  core  and  core-plus  multifamily properties in large cities and suburban markets of large cities, primarily in the Southeastern and Southwestern United States. We are also focused on originating preferred equity investments with operators of well-located  core  and  core-plus  multifamily properties. Investing in both direct property investments and preferred equity investments is designed to minimize potential losses during market downturns and maximize risk adjusted total returns to our stockholders in all market cycles. To the extent practical, we implement a modest value-add component on  core-plus  properties that consists, on average, of investing $1,000 - $4,000 per unit in the first 24-36 months of ownership, in an effort to add value to the asset s exterior and interior. Our modest value-add program is implemented at the direction and supervision of our advisor. We may also seek to invest in multifamily housing debt and mezzanine debt in situations where the risk/return correlation is more attractive than direct investments in common equity and originations of preferred equity investments. We may also invest in common and preferred stock of both publicly traded and private real estate companies.  
 On August 12, 2015, the SEC declared effective our Registration Statement to offer a maximum of up to $1.1 billion in shares of common stock, $0.01 par value per share (the  Offering ), which consists of up to $1.0 billion in shares of common stock in our primary offering and up to $100 million in shares of common stock pursuant to our distribution reinvestment plan (the  DRIP ). We are publicly offering two classes of shares of common stock, Class A shares and Class T shares, in any combination up to the maximum offering amount. The share classes have different selling commissions, and there will be an ongoing distribution fee with respect to the primary offering of Class T shares. The initial offering price for the shares in the primary offering is $10.00 per Class A share and $9.58 per Class T share. We reserve the right to reallocate the shares of common stock we are offering between our primary offering and our DRIP. We are also offering up to $100 million in shares of common stock pursuant to our DRIP at an initial price of $9.50 per Class A share and $9.10 per Class T share, which is 95% of the primary offering price.  
   NexPoint Real Estate Advisors II, L.P. (the  Advisor ) is our advisor. Subject to certain restrictions and limitations, the Advisor manages our day-to-day operations and our portfolio of properties and real estate-related assets.  The Advisor and its personnel have no obligation to, but may present us with investment opportunities with a purchase price of less than $10.0 million. The Advisor s   
 36 

investment committee may purchase on our account, without specific prior approval of our board of directors (the  Board ), assets with a purchase price of $15.0 mill  ion or less, so long as the investment in the asset would not, if consummated, violate our investment guidelines or any restrictions on indebtedness and the consideration to be paid for such assets does not exceed the fair market value of such assets. Any   investment with a purchase price greater than $15.0 million or that, if consummated, would violate our investment guidelines or any restrictions on indebtedness, requires the approval of the Board, including approval by a majority of the independent direct  ors.  
 Pursuant to the terms of our Offering, offering proceeds   were   held in an escrow account until we met the minimum offering amount of $2.0 million. On March 24, 2016, we raised the minimum offering amount and the Offering proceeds held in escrow were released to us. As of September 30, 2016, we had issued approximately 669,322 shares of Class A common stock in our Offering, including 2,391 shares issued pursuant to the DRIP, which consisted of the issuance of 434,783 shares to acquire a 95% interest in Estates and gross offering proceeds of approximately $2.3 million, including approximately $22,700 of distributions reinvested through the DRIP. In connection with our incorporation and prior to the effectiveness of the Offering, we sold 22,223 shares of our common stock to the Advisor for an aggregate   purchase price of $200,000, at $9.00 per share, reflecting the fact that selling commissions and dealer manager fees in effect at the time of the purchase were not paid in connection with the sale. These shares were subsequently renamed as shares of Class A common stock. The Advisor or any affiliate may not sell these shares while Highland Capital Management, L.P. (the  Sponsor ) remains our sponsor but it may transfer the shares to other affiliates. We will offer shares of our common stock on a continuous basis until August 12, 2017, unless extended. However, in certain states the Offering may continue for only one year unless we renew the offering period for an additional year. We reserve the right to terminate our Offering at any time.  
 Substantially all of our assets are held by the OP. We are the sole general partner and a limited partner of the OP. The special limited partner of the OP is the Advisor. 
 As we accept subscriptions for shares, we will transfer substantially all of the proceeds of the Offering, net of offering costs, to the OP as a capital contribution, however, we will be deemed to have made capital contributions in the amount of the gross offering proceeds received from investors. The OP will be deemed to have simultaneously paid the costs associated with the Offering. If the OP requires additional funds at any time in excess of capital contributions made by us or from borrowing, we will borrow funds from a financial institution or other lender and lend such funds to the OP on the same terms and conditions as would be applicable to our borrowing of such funds. The limited partnership agreement of the OP provides that the OP be operated in a manner that will enable us to (1) satisfy the requirements for qualifying as a REIT for federal income tax purposes, (2) avoid any federal income or excise tax liability and (3) ensure that the OP will not be classified as a  publicly traded partnership  for purposes of Section 7704 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the  Code ), which classification could result in the OP being taxed as a corporation. We will experience a relative increase in liquidity as additional subscriptions for shares of our common stock are received and a relative decrease in liquidity as offering proceeds are used to acquire and operate our assets. 
 We intend to elect to be taxed as a REIT under Sections 856 through 860 of the Code and expect to qualify as a REIT.  To qualify as a REIT, we must meet a number of organizational and operational requirements, including a requirement that we distribute at least 90% of our  REIT taxable income,  as defined by the Code, to our stockholders. As a REIT, we  will be subject to federal income tax on our undistributed REIT taxable income and net capital gain and to a 4% nondeductible excise tax on any amount by which distributions we pay with respect to any calendar year are less than the sum of (a) 85% of our ordinary income, (b) 95% of our capital gain net income and (c) 100% of our undistributed income from prior years . We believe we are organized and operate in such a manner so as to qualify for taxation as a REIT under the Code, and we intend to continue to operate in such a manner, but no assurance can be given that we will operate in a manner so as to qualify as a REIT.  
 Components of Our Revenues and Expenses 
 Revenues 
 Rental income . Rental income includes rental revenue from our multifamily properties. We anticipate that the leases we enter into for our multifamily properties will typically be for one year or less.   
 Other income.  Other income includes ancillary income earned from tenants such as application fees, late fees, laundry fees, utility reimbursements, and other rental related fees charged to tenants.  
 Expenses 
 Property operating expenses.  Property operating expenses include property maintenance costs, salary and employee benefit costs, utilities and other property operating costs.  
 37 

Real estate taxes and insurance.   Real estate taxes include the property taxes assessed by l  ocal and state authorities depending on the location of each property. Insurance includes the cost of commercial, general liability, and other needed insurance for each property.  
 Property management fees.  Property management fees include fees paid to BH or other third party management companies for managing each property.  
 Asset management fees.  Asset management fees include the fees paid to our Advisor for managing our assets pursuant to the Advisory Agreement.  
 Corporate general and administrative expenses.  Corporate general and administrative expenses include but are not limited to audit fees, legal fees, board of director fees, and filing fees.   We will also reimburse the Advisor for its costs of providing administrative services and operating expenses incurred on our behalf, subject to the limitation that we will not reimburse the Advisor for any amount by which our operating expenses at the end of the four preceding fiscal quarters exceed the greater of     (a) 2.0% of average invested assets and (b) 25.0% of net income other than any additions to reserves for depreciation, bad debt or other similar non-cash reserves and excluding any gain from the sale of assets for that period (the  2%/25% Guidelines ) (see Note 10 to our consolidated financial statements). We may reimburse the Advisor for expenses in excess of the 2%/25% Guidelines if a majority of our independent directors determines that such excess expenses are justified based on unusual and non-recurring factors.  
 Fees to affiliates.  Fees to affiliates include, but are not limited to, acquisition and disposition fees paid to our Advisor on qualifying assets that are acquired or sold, subject to certain limitations. For more information regarding fees to affiliates, see Note 10 to our consolidated financial statements.  
 Organization expenses.    We will reimburse the Advisor and its affiliates for organization expenses incurred on our behalf in connection with our formation and the Offering, but only to the extent the reimbursement would not exceed 1.0% of the gross offering proceeds at any point in time. The Advisor is responsible for the payment of organization expenses we incur in excess of 1.0% of the gross offering proceeds. Organization expenses include, but are not limited to legal, accounting, printing, mailing and filing fees.  
 Property general and administrative expenses.  Property general and administrative expenses include the costs of marketing, professional fees, general office supplies, and other administrative related costs of each property.  
 Depreciation and amortization.  Depreciation and amortization costs primarily include depreciation of our multifamily properties and amortization of acquired in-place leases.  
 Other Income and Expense 
 Interest expense.  Interest expense costs primarily includes the cost of interest expense on debt and the amortization of deferred financing costs.  
 Equity in income of preferred equity investment.    Equity in income of preferred equity investment includes income earned on a stated investment return from preferred equity investments we originate. Equity in income on our preferred equity investments is recorded under the equity method of accounting.  
 Results of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 
 On August 12, 2015, the SEC declared effective our registration statement on Form S-11 (Registration No. 333-200221) related to the Offering, as described above. We had no operating activities before August 12, 2015. In accordance with SEC regulations and guidance, our acquisition of Estates on April 7, 2016 was determined to be a combination of entities under common control. As such, the acquisition of Estates was deemed to be made on the date it was purchased by our Sponsor, which was August 5, 2015 (the  Original Acquisition Date ). In the accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements, operations are shown from the Original Acquisition Date, although we did not begin material operations until March 24, 2016, the date we broke escrow in the Offering, enabling us to commence material operations. On April 7, 2016, we acquired a preferred equity investment in Bell Midtown; on August 19, 2016, we originated a preferred equity investment in Springs at Stone Oak Village; both multifamily properties.  
   As of September 30, 2016, we owned a majority interest in one multifamily property, Estates on Maryland, that encompasses 330 units of apartment space that was approximately 94.2% leased with an average monthly effective rent per occupied unit of $956. We had also acquired two preferred equity investments in multifamily properties; Bell Midtown and Springs at Stone Oak Village. Both preferred equity investments have a  minimum monthly preferred return of 8.0% annualized. Bell Midtown and Springs at Stone   
 38 

Oak Village have an additional preferred retu  rn of 4.0% and 3.0% annualized, respectively, which accrues monthly on a compounding basis if not paid  . Our preferred equity investments are accounted for under the equity method of accounting.  
 The following table sets forth a summary of our operating results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (in thousands): 

The change in our net loss for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the net loss for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 primarily relates to the timing of which our acquisition of Estates was deemed to have been made, which is August 5, 2015, and the realization of equity in income on our two preferred equity investments during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, and was partially offset by corporate general and administrative expenses incurred during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016. We did not have any preferred equity investments nor did we incur any corporate general and administrative expenses during the comparable periods in 2015. 
 Our results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are not indicative of those expected in future periods. We expect to continue to raise additional capital, increase our borrowings and make future investments, which would have a significant impact on our future results of operations. In general, we expect that our income and expenses related to our portfolio will increase in future periods as a result of anticipated future acquisitions of real estate and real estate-related investments. 
 Revenues 
 Rental income . Rental income was $0.9 million and $0.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Rental income was $2.6 million and $0.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. We expect rental income to increase in future periods as a result of future acquisitions of real estate.  
 Other income.  Other income was $0.1 million and less than $0.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Other income was $0.3 million and less than $0.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. We expect other income to increase in future periods as a result of future acquisitions of real estate.  
 Expenses 
 Property operating expenses.  Property operating costs were $0.2 million and $0.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Property operating costs were $0.7 million and $0.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. We expect property operating costs to increase in future periods as a result of future acquisitions of real estate.  
 Real estate taxes and insurance.  Real estate taxes and insurance costs were $0.1 million and $0.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Real estate taxes and insurance costs were $0.3 million and $0.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. We expect real estate taxes and insurance costs to increase in future periods as a result of future acquisitions of real estate.  
   Property management fees.  Property management fees were less than $0.1 million and less than $0.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Property management fees were $0.1 million and less than $0.1 million for   
 39 

the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. We expect property management fees to increase in future periods as a   result of future acquisitions of real estate.  
 Asset management fees.  Asset management fees were $0.1 million and $0.2 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively. We did not incur any asset management fees for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015. We expect asset management fees to increase in future periods as a result of future investments in real estate.  
 Corporate general and administrative expenses.  Corporate general and administrative expenses were $0.3 million and $0.8 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively. We did not incur any corporate general and administrative expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015. We expect corporate general and administrative expenses will increase in future periods as a result of future investments in real estate.  
 Fees to affiliates.  We did not incur any fees to affiliates for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016. Fees to affiliates were $0.4 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 and consisted of an acquisition fee payable to our Advisor in connection with the acquisition of Estates. We expect fees to affiliates to increase in future periods as a result of future acquisitions of real estate and originations of preferred equity investments.  
 Property general and administrative expenses.  Property general and administrative expenses were less than $0.1 million and less than $0.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Property general and administrative expenses were $0.1 million and less than $0.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. We expect property general and administrative expenses to increase in future periods as a result of future acquisitions of real estate.  
 Depreciation and amortization.  Depreciation and amortization costs were $0.4 million and $0.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Depreciation and amortization costs were $1.2 million and $0.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. We expect depreciation and amortization costs to increase in future periods as a result of future acquisitions of real estate.   
 Other Income and Expense 
 Interest expense.  Interest expense costs were $0.4 million and $0.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Interest expense costs were $1.1 million and $0.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. We expect interest expense costs to increase in future periods as a result of future investments in real estate. The following is a table that details the various costs included in interest expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (in thousands):  

Equity in income of preferred equity investments.  Equity in income of preferred equity investments was $0.2 million and $0.4 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively. We did not have any preferred equity investments during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015. We expect equity in income of preferred equity investments to increase in future periods as a result of future originations of preferred equity investments and the realization of equity in income for an entire period from our preferred equity investments in Bell Midtown and Springs at Stone Oak Village.  
 Non-GAAP Measures 
 Net Operating Income 
   Net Operating Income ( NOI ) is a non-GAAP financial measure of performance. NOI is used by investors and our management to evaluate and compare the performance of our properties to other comparable properties, to determine trends in earnings and to compute the fair value of our properties as NOI is not affected by (1) the cost of funds, (2) acquisition costs, (3) non-operating fees to affiliates, (4) the impact of depreciation and amortization expenses as well as gains or losses from the sale of operating real estate assets that are included in net income computed in accordance with GAAP, (5) corporate general and administrative expenses, (6) other gains and losses that are specific to us, (7) equity in income recognized on unconsolidated joint  
 40 

ventures, an  d (8) expenses that are not reflective of the ongoing operations of the properties or are incurred on behalf of the Company at the property for expenses such as legal, professional and franchise tax fees.  
 The cost of funds is eliminated from net income (loss) because it is specific to our particular financing capabilities and constraints. The cost of funds is also eliminated because it is dependent on historical interest rates and other costs of capital as well as past decisions made by us regarding the appropriate mix of capital which may have changed or may change in the future. Acquisition costs and non-operating fees to affiliates are eliminated because they do not reflect continuing operating costs of the property owner. Depreciation and amortization expenses as well as gains or losses from the sale of operating real estate assets are eliminated because they may not accurately represent the actual change in value in our multifamily properties that result from use of the properties or changes in market conditions. While certain aspects of real property do decline in value over time in a manner that is reasonably captured by depreciation and amortization, the value of the properties as a whole have historically increased or decreased as a result of changes in overall economic conditions instead of from actual use of the property or the passage of time. Gains and losses from the sale of real property vary from property to property and are affected by market conditions at the time of sale which will usually change from period to period. Equity in income from unconsolidated joint ventures is eliminated because the income recognized may not accurately reflect the change in value of our investments in unconsolidated joint ventures from changes in the underlying investments  results of operations or changes in market conditions; furthermore, we evaluate equity in income recognized from unconsolidated joint ventures as its own reportable segment (see Note 3 to our consolidated financial statements). Entity level general and administrative expenses are eliminated as they are specific to the way in which we have chosen to hold our properties and are the result of our joint venture ownership structuring. Also, expenses that are incurred upon acquisition of a property do not reflect continuing operating costs of the property owner. These gains and losses can create distortions when comparing one period to another or when comparing our operating results to the operating results of other real estate companies that have not made similarly timed purchases or sales. We believe that eliminating these items from net income (loss) is useful because the resulting measure captures the actual ongoing revenue generated and actual expenses incurred in operating our properties as well as trends in occupancy rates, rental rates and operating costs. 
 However, the usefulness of NOI is limited because it excludes corporate general and administrative expenses, interest expense, interest income and other expense, acquisition costs, certain fees to affiliates, depreciation and amortization expense, gains or losses from the sale of properties, equity in income from unconsolidated joint ventures, other gains and losses as stipulated by GAAP, and the level of capital expenditures and leasing costs necessary to maintain the operating performance of our properties, all of which are significant economic costs or factors. NOI may fail to capture significant trends in these components of net income (loss) which further limits its usefulness. 
 NOI is a measure of the operating performance of our properties but does not measure our performance as a whole. NOI is therefore not a substitute for net income (loss) as computed in accordance with GAAP. This measure should be analyzed in conjunction with net income (loss) computed in accordance with GAAP and discussions elsewhere in   Results of Operations  regarding the components of net income (loss) that are eliminated in the calculation of NOI. Other companies may use different methods for calculating NOI or similarly entitled measures and, accordingly, our NOI may not be comparable to similarly entitled measures reported by other companies that do not define the measure exactly as we do. 
 41 

NOI for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
 The following table, which has not been adjusted for the effects of any noncontrolling interests, details our NOI for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (in thousands):  

(1)   
 
 Adjustment to net loss excludes expenses that are not reflective of the ongoing operations of the property or were incurred on behalf of us at the property for expenses such as legal and other professional fees.    

 Funds from Operations and Modified Funds from Operations 
 Due to certain unique operating characteristics of real estate companies, as discussed below, the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts, or NAREIT, an industry trade group, has promulgated a measure known as funds from operations, or FFO, which we believe to be an appropriate supplemental measure to reflect the operating performance of a REIT. The use of FFO is recommended by the REIT industry as a supplemental performance measure. FFO is not equivalent to our net income or loss as determined under U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles ( GAAP ). 
 We define FFO, a non-GAAP measure, consistent with the standards established by the White Paper on FFO approved by the Board of Governors of NAREIT, as revised in February 2004, or the White Paper. The White Paper defines FFO as net income or loss computed in accordance with GAAP, excluding gains or losses from sales of property and asset impairment write downs, plus depreciation and amortization, and after adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures. Adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures are calculated to reflect FFO. Our FFO calculation complies with NAREIT s policy described above. 
 The historical accounting convention used for real estate assets requires depreciation of buildings and improvements, which implies that the value of real estate assets diminishes predictably overtime, especially if such assets are not adequately maintained or repaired and renovated as required by relevant circumstances and/or is requested or required by lessees for operational purposes in order to maintain the value disclosed. We believe that, since real estate values historically rise and fall with market conditions, including inflation, interest rates, the business cycle, unemployment and consumer spending, presentations of operating results for a REIT using historical accounting for depreciation may be less informative. Additionally, we believe it is appropriate to disregard impairment charges, as this is a fair value adjustment that is largely based on market fluctuations and assessments regarding general market conditions which can change over time. An asset will only be evaluated for impairment if certain impairment indicators exist and if the carrying, or book value, exceeds the total estimated undiscounted future cash flows (including net rental and lease revenues, net proceeds on the sale of the property, and any other ancillary cash flows at an individual asset or group level under GAAP) from such asset. Investors should note, however, that determinations of whether impairment charges have been incurred are based partly on anticipated operating performance, because estimated undiscounted future cash flows from an asset, including estimated future net rental and lease revenues, net proceeds on the sale of the property, and certain other ancillary cash flows, are taken into account in determining whether an impairment charge has been incurred. While impairment charges are excluded from the calculation of FFO as described above, investors are cautioned that due to the fact that impairments are based on estimated undiscounted future cash flows and the relatively limited term of our operations, it could be difficult to recover any impairment charges. 
 42 

Historical accounting for real estate involves the use of GAAP. Any other method of accounting for real estate such as the fair value method cannot be construed to be any   more accurate or relevant than the comparable methodologies of real estate valuation found in GAAP. Nevertheless, we believe that the use of FFO, which excludes the impact of real estate-related depreciation and amortization and impairments, provides a mo  re complete understanding of our performance to investors and to management, and when compared year over year, reflects the impact on our operations from trends in occupancy rates, rental rates, operating costs, general and administrative expenses, and int  erest costs, which may not be immediately apparent from net income. However, FFO and MFFO, as described below, should not be construed to be more relevant or accurate than the current GAAP methodology in calculating net income or in its applicability in ev  aluating our operating performance. The method utilized to evaluate the value and performance of real estate and real estate-related investments under GAAP should be construed as a more relevant measure of operational performance and considered more promin  ently than the non-GAAP FFO and MFFO measures and the adjustments to GAAP in calculating FFO and MFFO.  
 Changes in the accounting and reporting promulgations under GAAP (for acquisition fees and expenses from a capitalization/depreciation model to an expensed-as-incurred model) that were put into effect in 2009 and other changes to GAAP accounting for real estate subsequent to the establishment of NAREIT s definition of FFO have prompted an increase in cash-settled expenses, specifically acquisition fees and expenses for all industries as items that are expensed under GAAP, that are typically accounted for as operating expenses. Our management believes these fees and expenses do not affect our overall long-term operating performance. Publicly registered, non-listed REITs typically have a significant amount of acquisition and investment activity and are substantially more dynamic during their initial years of investment and operation. While other start up entities may also experience significant acquisition and investment activity during their initial years, we believe that non-listed REITs are unique in that they have a limited life with targeted exit strategies within a relatively limited time frame after the acquisition and investment activity ceases. The Board, in consultation with our management, may determine that it is in our best interests to begin the process of considering alternatives with respect to a liquidity event (i.e., listing of its common stock on a national exchange, a merger or sale of us or another similar transaction) at such time during our offering stage as the Board can reasonably determine that all of the securities in the Offering will be sold within a reasonable time period (i.e. three to six months). Thus, we will not continuously purchase assets and will have a limited life. 
 Due to the above factors and other unique features of publicly registered, non-listed REITs, the IPA has standardized a measure known as MFFO, which the IPA has recommended as a supplemental measure for publicly registered non-listed REITs and which we believe to be another appropriate supplemental measure to reflect the operating performance of a non-listed REIT having the characteristics described above. MFFO is not equivalent to our net income (loss) as determined under GAAP, and MFFO may not be a useful measure of the impact of long-term operating performance on value if we do not continue to operate with a limited life and targeted exit strategy, as currently intended. We believe that, because MFFO excludes costs that we consider more reflective of investing activities and other non-operating items included in FFO and also excludes acquisition fees and expenses that affect our operations only in periods in which properties are acquired and preferred equity investments are originated, MFFO can provide, on a going forward basis, an indication of the sustainability (that is, the capacity to continue to be maintained) of our operating performance after the period in which we are acquiring our properties and originating our preferred equity investments and once our portfolio is in place. By providing MFFO, we believe we are presenting useful information that assists investors and analysts to better assess the sustainability of our operating performance after the Offering has been completed and our properties have been acquired and our preferred equity investments have been originated. We also believe that MFFO is a recognized measure of sustainable operating performance by the non-listed REIT industry. Further, we believe MFFO is useful in comparing the sustainability of our operating performance after the Offering and acquisitions and originations are completed with the sustainability of the operating performance of other real estate companies that are not as involved in acquisition and origination activities. Investors are cautioned that MFFO should only be used to assess the sustainability of our operating performance after the Offering has been completed and properties have been acquired and preferred equity investments have been originated, as it excludes acquisition costs that have a negative effect on our operating performance during the periods in which properties are acquired and preferred equity investments are originated. 
   We define MFFO, a non-GAAP measure, consistent with the IPA s Guideline 2010-01, Supplemental Performance Measure for Publicly Registered, Non-Listed REITs: Modified Funds from Operations, or the Practice Guideline, issued by the IPA in November 2010. The Practice Guideline defines MFFO as FFO further adjusted for the following items, as applicable, included in the determination of GAAP net income: acquisition fees and expenses; amounts relating to deferred rent receivables and amortization of above and below market leases and liabilities (which are adjusted in order to reflect such payments from a GAAP accrual basis to a cash basis of disclosing the rent and lease payments); accretion of discounts and amortization of premiums on debt investments; mark-to-market adjustments included in net income; gains or losses included in net income from the extinguishment or sale of debt, hedges, foreign exchange, derivatives or securities holdings where trading of such holdings is not a fundamental attribute of the business plan, unrealized gains or losses resulting from consolidation from, or deconsolidation to, equity accounting, and after adjustments for consolidated and unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures, with such adjustments calculated to reflect MFFO on the same basis. The accretion of discounts and amortization of premiums on debt investments, unrealized gains and losses on hedges, foreign  
 43 

exchange, derivatives or securities holdings, unrealized gains and losses resulting from consolidations, as well as other listed cash flow adjustments are   adjustments made to net income in calculating the cash flows provided by operating activities and, in some cases, reflect gains or losses which are unrealized and may not ultimately be realized.  
 Our MFFO calculation complies with the IPA s Practice Guideline described above. In calculating MFFO, we exclude acquisition-related expenses, amortization of above and below market leases, fair value adjustments of derivative financial instruments, deferred rent receivables and the adjustments of such items related to noncontrolling interests. Under GAAP, acquisition fees and expenses are characterized as operating expenses in determining operating net income. These expenses are paid in cash by us, and therefore such funds will not be available to distribute to investors. All paid and accrued acquisition fees and expenses negatively impact our operating performance during the period in which assets are acquired and will have negative effects on returns to investors, the potential for future distributions, and cash flows generated by us, unless earnings from operations or net sales proceeds from the disposition of other assets are generated to cover the purchase price of the asset, these fees and expenses and other costs related to such asset. Therefore, MFFO may not be an accurate indicator of our operating performance, especially during periods in which assets are being acquired. MFFO that excludes such costs and expenses would only be comparable to non-listed REITs that have completed their acquisition activities and have similar operating characteristics as us. Further, under GAAP, certain contemplated non-cash fair value and other non-cash adjustments are considered operating non-cash adjustments to net income in determining cash flow from operating activities. In addition, we view fair value adjustments of derivatives as items which are unrealized and may not ultimately be realized. We view both gains and losses from dispositions of assets and fair value adjustments of derivatives as items which are not reflective of on-going operations and are therefore typically adjusted for when assessing operating performance and calculating MFFO. While we are responsible for managing interest rate, hedge and foreign exchange risk, we do retain an outside consultant to review all of our hedging agreements. Inasmuch as interest rate hedges are not a fundamental part of our operations, we believe it is appropriate to exclude such gains and losses in calculating MFFO, as such gains and losses are not reflective of on-going operations. As disclosed elsewhere in this quarterly report, the purchase of properties and origination of preferred equity investments, and the corresponding expenses associated with those processes, are key operational features of our business plan to generate operational income and cash flows in order to make distributions to investors. Acquisition fees and expenses will not be reimbursed by the Advisor if there are no further proceeds from the sale of shares in the Offering, and therefore such fees and expenses may need to be paid from either additional debt, operational earnings or cash flows, net proceeds from the sale of properties or from ancillary cash flows. 
 Our management uses MFFO and the adjustments used to calculate it in order to evaluate our performance against other non-listed REITs which have limited lives with short and defined acquisition periods and targeted exit strategies shortly thereafter. As noted above, MFFO may not be a useful measure of the impact of long-term operating performance on value if we do not continue to operate in this manner. We believe that our use of MFFO and the adjustments used to calculate it allow us to present our performance in a manner that reflects certain characteristics that are unique to non-listed REITs, such as their limited life, limited and defined acquisition period and targeted exit strategy, and hence that the use of such measures is useful to investors. For example, acquisition costs are funded from the proceeds of the Offering and other financing sources and not from operations. By excluding expensed acquisition costs, the use of MFFO provides information consistent with management s analysis of the operating performance of the properties and preferred equity investments. Additionally, fair value adjustments, which are based on the impact of current market fluctuations and underlying assessments of general market conditions, but can also result from operational factors such as rental and occupancy rates, may not be directly related or attributable to our current operating performance. By excluding such changes that may reflect anticipated and unrealized gains or losses, we believe MFFO provides useful supplemental information. 
 Presentation of this information is intended to provide useful information to investors as they compare the operating performance of different REITs, although it should be noted that not all REITs calculate FFO and MFFO the same way, so comparisons with other REITs may not be meaningful. Furthermore, FFO and MFFO are not indicative of cash flow available to fund cash needs and should not be considered as an alternative to net income (loss) or income (loss) from continuing operations as an indication of our performance, as an alternative to cash flows from operations as an indication of its liquidity, or indicative of funds available to fund its cash needs including its ability to make distributions to its stockholders. FFO and MFFO should be reviewed in conjunction with other GAAP measurements as an indication of our performance. MFFO has limitations as a performance measure in an offering such as the Offering (unless and until we calculate NAV prior to the close of the Offering) where the price of a share of common stock is a stated value and there is no net asset value determination during the offering stage and for a period thereafter. MFFO is useful in assisting management and investors in assessing the sustainability of operating performance in future operating periods, and in particular, after the offering and acquisition stages are complete and net asset value is disclosed. FFO and MFFO are not useful measures in evaluating net asset value because impairments are taken into account in determining net asset value but not in determining FFO or MFFO. 
 Neither the SEC, NAREIT nor any other regulatory body has passed judgment on the acceptability of the adjustments that we use to calculate FFO or MFFO. In the future, the SEC, NAREIT or another regulatory body may decide to standardize the allowable adjustments across the non-listed REIT industry and we would have to adjust our calculation and characterization of FFO or MFFO. 
 44 

The following table reconciles our calculations of FFO and MFFO to net loss, the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure, for the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016 and 2015 (in thousands, except per share amounts):  

(1)   
 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the dilutive impact of the assumed vesting of our restricted shares of Class A common stock was less than $0.01. We did not have any potentially dilutive securities during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015.    

(2)   
 
 By excluding acquisition fees incurred to the Advisor and acquisition costs, we believe MFFO provides useful supplemental information that is comparable for each type of real estate investment and is consistent with our analysis of the investing and operating performance of our investments. Acquisition fees and costs under GAAP are considered operating expenses and are expenses included in the determination of net income (loss) and income (loss) from continuing operations, both of which are performance measures under GAAP. All paid and accrued acquisition fees and costs will have negative effects on returns to investors, the potential for future distributions, and cash flows generated by us, unless earnings from operations or net proceeds from the disposition of properties or redemption of preferred equity investments are generated to cover the purchase price of the investment, these costs and other costs related to the investment. In the event that proceeds from the Offering are not available to fund the acquisition fees incurred to the Advisor, such fees will need to be paid to the Advisor from other sources, including debt, operational earnings or cash flow, net proceeds from the sale of properties or redemption of preferred equity investments, or from ancillary cash flows. The acquisition of properties and origination of preferred equity investments, and the corresponding acquisition fees and expenses, is the key operational feature of our business plan to generate operational income and cash flow to fund distributions to our stockholders.    

(3)   
 
 Includes approximately $0.4 million of acquisition fees incurred to our Advisor in connection with the acquisition of Estates.    

 Our FFO and MFFO for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are not indicative of FFO and MFFO expected in future periods. We expect to continue to raise additional capital, increase our borrowings and make future investments, which would have a significant impact on our future FFO and MFFO. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
   Our principal demands for funds are for property acquisitions and preferred equity originations, either directly or through investment interests, for the payment of operating expenses and distributions, and for the payment of principal and interest on any outstanding indebtedness. Generally, cash needs for items other than acquisitions and originations are met from operations, and cash needs for acquisitions and originations are funded by our Offering and debt. Cash needs for principal payments due in the next twelve months will generally be funded from excess cash from operations and proceeds from our Offering. However, to the extent we are unable to generate sufficient excess cash from operations or raise sufficient proceeds through our Offering to make principal payments as they come due, it may be necessary to sell assets at less than their fair value or before we feel the full value has been recognized. This may cause a disruption in our operations and inhibit our ability to meet our objectives. However, there may be a delay between the sale of our shares and our acquisitions and originations, which could result in a delay in the benefits to our stockholders, if any, of returns generated from our investment operations. As a result, we may increase leverage above our targeted level on a temporary basis in order to make current investments and then use proceeds from our Offering to lower the leverage. Over time, as we become  
 45 

established and the fundraising effort begins to scale, we do not expect   our target leverage ratio to exceed 60% to 65% of the cost of our properties and 25% to 30% of our preferred equity investments. Over the long term, and on an aggregate basis, we do not expect our target leverage ratio to exceed 50% to 60% of the estimated   value of our assets.    
 Our Advisor evaluates potential investments and engages in negotiations with sellers and   lenders on our behalf. After a purchase contract is executed that contains specific terms, the investment will not be made until the successful completion of due diligence, which includes review of the title insurance commitment, an appraisal and an environmental analysis. In some instances, the proposed investment will require the negotiation of final binding agreements, which may include financing documents. During this period, we may decide to temporarily invest any unused proceeds from the Offering in certain investments that could yield lower returns than investments we intend to make. These lower returns may affect our ability to make distributions. 
 Potential future sources of capital include proceeds from secured or unsecured financings from banks   or other lenders, proceeds from the sale of properties and redemption of preferred equity investments and undistributed MFFO. If necessary, we may use financings or other sources of capital in case of unforeseen significant capital expenditures. We have not   identified any sources of such financing. 
 Cash Flows 
 The following table presents selected data from the Company s consolidated statements of cash flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (in thousands) 

On August 12, 2015, the SEC declared effective our registration statement on Form S-11 (Registration No. 333-200221) related to the Offering, as described above. We had no operating activities before August 12, 2015. In accordance with SEC regulations and guidance, our acquisition of Estates on April 7, 2016 was determined to be a combination of entities under common control. As such, the acquisition of Estates was deemed to be made on the Original Acquisition Date by our Sponsor. In the accompanying consolidated financial statements, operations are shown from the Original Acquisition Date, although we did not begin material operations until March 24, 2016, the date we broke escrow in the Offering, enabling us to commence material operations. On April 7, 2016, we acquired a preferred equity investment in Bell Midtown; on August 19, 2016, we originated a preferred equity investment in Springs at Stone Oak Village; both multifamily properties. Our overall cash flows from operating, investing, and financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are not indicative of those expected in future periods. We expect to continue to raise additional capital, increase our borrowings and make future investments, which would have a significant impact on our future results of operations and overall cash flows. 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, net cash provided by operating activities was $0.5 million compared to net cash provided by operating activities of less than $0.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 .  The increase in net cash from operating activities was mainly due to changes in net loss and non-cash contributions, offset by changes in depreciation and amortization. 
 Cash Flows Used in Investing Activities 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, net cash used in investing activities was $11.9 million compared to net cash used in investing activities of $41.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The change in cash flows from investing activities was mainly due to the origination of two preferred equity investments during the period in 2016 for a combined $11.25 million compared to the acquisition of one property during the period in 2015 for a purchase price of $41.2 million.  Our cash used in investing activities will vary based on how quickly we raise funds in the Offering and how quickly we invest those funds towards acquisitions of properties and originations of preferred equity investments.  
 46 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities  
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, net cash provided by financing activities was $11.3 million compared to net cash provided by financing activities of $41.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The change in cash flows from financing activities was mainly due $2.0 million of proceeds received from the Offering and $9.4 million of proceeds from additional indebtedness incurred on our Credit Facility to fund a portion of our preferred equity originations during the period in 2016 compared to the acquisition of one property during the period in 2015 for a purchase price of approximately $41.2 million, which was funded through debt and capital contributions. 
 Mortgage Indebtedness 
 As of September 30, 2016, our subsidiary had mortgage indebtedness to a third party of approximately $26.9 million. As of September 30, 2016, the interest rate on the outstanding mortgage indebtedness related to the Company was 2.43%. For additional information regarding our mortgage indebtedness, see Note 7 to our consolidated financial statements. 
 We entered into and expect to continue to enter into interest rate cap agreements with various third parties to cap the variable interest rates on a majority of floating rate mortgage indebtedness we may incur. These agreements generally have a term of three to four years and cover the outstanding principal amount of the underlying indebtedness. Under these agreements, we pay a fixed fee in exchange for the counterparty to pay any interest above a maximum rate. At September 30, 2016, we had one interest rate cap agreement that covered our $26.9 million of outstanding floating rate mortgage indebtedness. This interest rate cap agreement caps the related variable interest rate of our mortgage indebtedness at 6.00%. 
 Our subsidiary has a separate non-recourse mortgage which is secured only by Estates. This non-recourse mortgage has standard scope non-recourse carve outs required by the agency lender and calls for protection by the borrower and the guarantor against losses by the lender for so-called  bad acts,  such as misrepresentations, and may include full recourse liability for more significant events such as bankruptcy. An affiliate of our property manager, BH, provided a non-recourse carve out guarantee for this mortgage. 
 As we continue to raise capital, we will make acquisitions of multifamily properties, originate and acquire preferred equity investments and increase our borrowings.  We expect that future investments in properties, including any improvements or renovations of current or newly-acquired properties, will depend on and will be financed by, in whole or in part, our existing cash, future borrowings and proceeds from the Offering. In addition, we may seek financing from U.S. government agencies, including through the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation, the Federal National Mortgage Association, and the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development, in appropriate circumstances in connection with the acquisition or refinancing of existing mortgage loans.  
 Although we expect to be subject to restrictions on our ability to incur indebtedness, we expect that we will be able to refinance existing indebtedness or incur additional indebtedness for acquisitions or other purposes, if needed. However, there can be no assurance that we will be able to refinance our indebtedness, incur additional indebtedness or access additional sources of capital, such as by issuing debt or other equity securities, on terms that are acceptable to us or at all. 
 Furthermore, following the completion of any modest value-add and capital expenditures programs we may implement and depending on the interest rate environment at the applicable time, we may seek to refinance any floating rate mortgage debt into longer-term fixed rate debt at lower leverage levels. 
 Credit Facility 
 On August 19, 2016, the OP and the Sponsor amended the Credit Facility (the  Amendment ) with KeyBank to increase the commitment from $15.0 million to $20.0 million, and we, through the OP, immediately drew $5.25 million on the Credit Facility to originate our preferred equity investment in Springs at Stone Oak Village. Pursuant to the Amendment, the principal balance of the Credit Facility was reduced to $17.0 million as of October 31, 2016, and will be reduced to $15.0 million as of December 31, 2016. 
 As of September 30, 2016, we had $19.4 million outstanding on our Credit Facility, which is recourse to us. The Credit Facility bears interest at an annual rate of 4.0% plus one-month LIBOR. The Credit Facility is payable in full on April 7, 2017. We are in discussions with KeyBank to extend the maturity date, alleviating the necessity to repay the Credit Facility in full in April 2017. 
 On October 31, 2016, we paid down approximately $2.4 million of principal on our Credit Facility, reducing the outstanding principal balance to $17.0 million, which was funded with approximately $2.4 million of Offering proceeds (see Note 15 to our consolidated financial statements). 
 47 

Leverage Limit  
 There is no limitation on the amount we may borrow against any single improved property. Under our charter, our borrowings may not exceed 300% of our total  net assets  (as defined in our charter in accordance with the NASAA REIT Guidelines) (the  Leverage Limit ). However, we intend to target a leverage ratio of 50% to 60% for our portfolio. We may exceed the Leverage Limit if such excess is approved by a majority of our independent directors and disclosed to stockholders in our next quarterly report following such borrowing, along with justification for exceeding such limit. This charter limitation, however, does not apply to individual real estate assets or investments. We expect that during the period of the Offering, we will seek such independent director approval of borrowings in excess of the Leverage Limit since we are in the process of raising our equity capital to acquire our portfolio. As a result of the debt incurred on the acquisition of Estates and the additional debt incurred from the investments in Bell Midtown and Springs at Stone Oak Village, our borrowings exceeded the Leverage Limit. A majority of our independent directors approved borrowings in excess of the Leverage Limit. Our independent directors determined that exceeding the Leverage Limit was justified because we are in the process of raising our equity capital to acquire our portfolio. As a result, we expect that our debt levels will be higher until we have raised equity capital and repaid a portion of our initial leverage. 
 Obligations and Commitments 
 As of September 30, 2016, we had no outstanding obligations or commitments that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. 
 Income Taxes 
 We anticipate that we will elect to be taxed as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and we intend to continue to be organized and to operate in a manner that will permit us to qualify as a REIT. To qualify as a REIT, we must meet certain organizational and operational requirements, including a requirement to distribute at least 90% of our annual REIT taxable income to stockholders. As a REIT,  we  will be subject to federal income tax on our undistributed REIT taxable income and net capital gain and to a 4% nondeductible excise tax on any amount by which distributions we pay with respect to any calendar year are less than the sum of (a) 85% of our ordinary income, (b) 95% of our capital gain net income and (c) 100% of our undistributed income from prior years. If we fail to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year, we will be subject to U.S. federal income tax, including any applicable alternative minimum tax, on our taxable income at regular corporate income tax rates, and dividends paid to our stockholders would not be deductible by us in computing taxable income. Any resulting corporate liability could be substantial and could materially and adversely affect our net income and net cash available for distribution to stockholders. Unless we were entitled to relief under certain Code provisions, we also would be disqualified from re-electing to be taxed as a REIT for the four taxable years following the year in which we failed to qualify to be taxed as a REIT. 
 Distributions 
 Our Board has declared daily distributions on our Class A common stock through November 30, 2016 that are paid on a monthly basis. We expect to continue paying monthly distributions unless our results of operations, our general financial condition, general economic conditions or other factors prohibit us from doing so. We may declare distributions in excess of our funds from operations. As a result, our distribution rate and payment frequency may vary from time to time. 
 Distributions declared (1) accrue daily to our Class A stockholders of record as of the close of business on each day, (2) are payable in cumulative amounts on or before the third day of each calendar month with respect to the prior month and (3) are calculated at a rate of $0.00164 per share per day during the period ended November 30, 2016, which if paid each day over a 366-day period is equivalent to a 6.0% annualized distribution rate based on a purchase price of $10.00 per share of Class A common stock. 
 The Class A common stock distributions declared and paid during the three months ended September 30, 2016, along with the amount of distributions reinvested pursuant to the DRIP were as follows: 

48 

(1)   
 
 Based on number of days each Class A share was issued and outstanding during the period presented.    

(2)   
 
 Distributions are paid on a monthly basis. Distributions for all record dates of a given month are paid approximately three days following month end.    

 For the three months ended September 30, 2016, we paid aggregate distributions of approximately $33,500, including approximately $10,800 of distributions paid in cash and 2,391 shares of our Class A common stock issued pursuant to our DRIP for approximately $22,700. For the three months ended September 30, 2016, our net loss was approximately $0.3 million and we had net cash provided by operating activities of approximately $0.1 million. For the three months ended September 30, 2016, we funded 100% of distributions paid from net cash provided by operating activities. 
 We expect to continue paying monthly distributions to our stockholders. Because all of our operations are performed indirectly through the OP, our ability to pay distributions depends on the OP s ability to pay distributions to its partners, including to us. If we do not have enough cash from operations to fund the distributions, we may borrow, issue additional securities or sell assets in order to fund the distributions or make the distributions out of net proceeds from the Offering. We have not established any limit on the amount of proceeds from the Offering that may be used to fund distributions, except that, in accordance with our organizational documents and Maryland law, we may not make distributions that would: (1) cause us to be unable to pay our debts as they become due in the usual course of business; or (2) cause our total assets to be less than the sum of our total liabilities plus, unless our charter provides otherwise, senior liquidation preferences, if any. 
 In addition, the fees, distributions and reimbursements payable to the Advisor or its affiliates depend on various factors, including the assets we acquire, indebtedness incurred, and sales prices of assets sold, and therefore cannot be quantified or reserved for until such fees have been earned. We are required to pay these amounts to the Advisor or its affiliates regardless of the amount of cash we distribute to our stockholders and therefore our ability to make distributions from cash flow, as well as cash flow available for investment, to our stockholders may be negatively impacted. 
 Distributions are paid to our stockholders when and if authorized by the Board and declared by us out of legally available funds. Distributions are authorized at the discretion of the Board, which is influenced in part by its intention to comply with the REIT requirements of the Code. We intend to make distributions sufficient to meet the annual distribution requirement and to avoid U.S. federal income and excise taxes on our earnings; however, it may not always be possible to do so. Each distribution will be accompanied by a notice which sets forth: (a) the record date; (b) the amount per share that will be distributed; (c) the equivalent annualized yield; (d) the amount and percentage of the distributions paid from operations, offering proceeds and other sources; and (e) for those investors participating in the DRIP, a statement that a distribution statement will be provided in lieu of a check. The funds we receive from operations that are available for distribution may be affected by a number of factors, including the following: 

the amount of time required for us to invest the funds received in the Offering;     

our operating and interest expenses;     

operating results of our properties;     

the amount of distributions or dividends received by us from our indirect real estate investments;     

our ability to keep our properties occupied;     

our ability to maintain or increase rental rates when renewing or replacing current leases;     

capital expenditures and reserves for such expenditures;     

the issuance of additional shares; and     

financings and refinancings.     

   We must annually distribute at least 90% of our REIT taxable income (which does not equal net income as calculated in accordance with GAAP), determined without regard to the deduction for dividends paid and excluding net capital gain, in order to meet the requirements for qualification as a REIT under the Code. The Board may authorize distributions in excess of this percentage as it deems appropriate. Because we may receive income or rents at various times during our fiscal year, distributions may not reflect our income earned in that particular distribution period, but may be made in anticipation of cash flow that we expect to receive during a later period and may be made in advance of actual receipt of funds in an attempt to make distributions relatively uniform. To allow for such differences in timing between the receipt of income and the payment of expenses, and the effect of required debt payments, among other things, we could be required to borrow funds from third parties on a short-term basis, issue new securities, or sell assets to meet the distribution requirements that are necessary to achieve the tax benefits associated with qualifying as a REIT. These  
 49 

methods of obtaining funding could affect future distributions by   increasing operating costs and decreasing available cash. In addition, such distributions may constitute a return of capital.  
 Distributions   in kind will   not be permitted,   except   for: 

distributions of readily marketable securities;     

distributions of beneficial interests in a liquidating trust established for our dissolution and the liquidation of our assets in accordance with the terms of our charter; or     

distributions of in-kind property, so long as, with respect to such in-kind property, the Board advises each stockholder of the risks associated with direct ownership of the property, offers each stockholder the election of receiving in-kind property distributions, and distributes in- kind property only to those stockholders who accept the directors  offer.     

 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 As of September 30, 2016, we had no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. As of September 30, 2016, we own interests in two joint ventures that are accounted for under the equity method as we exercise significant influence over, but do not control, the investees. 
 Related-Party Transactions and Agreements 
 We have entered into agreements with the Advisor and its affiliates and the Dealer Manager, whereby we pay certain fees to, or reimburse certain expenses of, the Advisor or its affiliates for acquisition and advisory fees and expenses, organization and offering expenses, selling commissions, dealer manager fees, distribution fees, reimbursement of certain operating costs, and possibly disposition fees. Refer to Note 10 to our consolidated financial statements for a discussion of the various related-party transactions, agreements and fees. 
   Inflation 
 Consistent with the multifamily property focus, the majority of the leases we enter into for multifamily apartment homes are for a term of one year or less. These terms provide us with maximum flexibility to implement rental increases when the market will bear such increases and may provide us with a hedge against inflation. 
 Valuation Guidelines; Calculation of NAV 
 Pursuant to rules recently promulgated by FINRA effective as of April 11, 2016, since we have not yet disclosed an estimated NAV per share, our stockholders  customer account statements will include a value per share that is equal to the public offering price less all up-front underwriting compensation and certain organization and offering expenses. If we provide an estimated NAV prior to the conclusion of the Offering, the Board may determine to modify the public offering price, including the price at which shares are offered through our DRIP, to reflect the estimated per share NAV. We are not required to provide an estimated NAV based on the value of our assets until August 21, 2018, which is 150 days following the second anniversary of the date we broke escrow in the Offering (the  NAV Pricing Date ). Prior to providing an estimated NAV based on a valuation of our assets, the per share values that we report will not reflect the proceeds our stockholders would receive upon liquidation or upon the sale of their shares. Furthermore, in the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of us, or any liquidating distribution of our assets, then such assets, or the proceeds therefrom, will be distributed between the holders of Class A shares and Class T shares ratably in proportion to the respective NAV for each class until the NAV for each class has been paid. The NAV will be calculated on a company-wide basis, with any adjustments to Class A or Class T shares made subsequent to such company-wide calculation. For purposes of calculating NAV, we intend to use the most recent price paid to acquire the applicable class of shares in the primary Offering (ignoring purchase price discounts for certain categories of purchasers) as the estimated per share value of our shares until the Board determines our NAV. Each holder of shares of a particular class of common stock will be entitled to receive, ratably with each other holder of shares of such class, that portion of such aggregate assets available for distribution as the number of outstanding shares of such class held by such holder bears to the total number of outstanding shares of such class then outstanding. If we provide an estimated NAV prior to the conclusion of the Offering, the Board may determine to modify the public offering price to reflect the estimated per share NAV. 
   Prior to August 21, 2018, which is 150 days following the second anniversary of the date we broke escrow in the Offering (or earlier if the Board so directs or applicable regulations require), we are required to provide an initial estimated NAV per share of each class of our common stock based on the value of our assets. We will provide an update of the initial estimated NAV as of the end of each completed fiscal quarter (or fiscal year, in the case of a quarter ending at a fiscal year-end) thereafter. Once we are required to  
 50 

provide an estimated NAV per share, our NAV will be determined by the Board based on the input of the Advisor, our audit committee and, if engaged by the Board, one or more independent valuatio  n firms. We intend to base our calculation of estimated NAV on the values of our assets and liabilities, without ascribing additional value to our enterprise or the going concern of our business. We expect that the values of our assets and liabilities will   reflect the specific terms of our investments and our indebtedness, as well as conditions prevailing in the real estate, credit and broader financial markets. In addition, on a quarterly basis, management will update our NAV to reflect changes in the fair   value of our indebtedness, estimated asset disposition costs (including estimates of fees payable to the Advisor and its affiliates), and our other net assets and liabilities. In general, after the NAV Pricing Date, we expect to report our quarterly estim  ated NAV in filings with the SEC and on our website.  
 Significant Accounting Policies and Critical Accounting Estimates 
 Our significant accounting policies and critical accounting estimates are disclosed in Note 2  Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  to our consolidated financial statements. 
     Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 Market risk is the adverse effect on the value of a financial instrument that results from a change in interest rates. Our primary market risk exposure is interest rate risk with respect to our indebtedness. As of September 30, 2016, we had total indebtedness of $46.3 million, which is floating rate debt with a variable interest rate.  
 An increase in interest rates could make the financing of any acquisition by us costlier. Rising interest rates could also limit our ability to refinance our debt when it matures or cause us to pay higher interest rates upon refinancing and increase interest expense on refinanced indebtedness. We may manage, or hedge, interest rate risks related to our borrowings by means of derivative financial instruments, such as interest rate swap agreements, interest rate caps and rate lock arrangements. At September 30, 2016, an interest rate cap agreement covered $26.9 million of the $46.3 million of our total outstanding indebtedness. As of September 30, 2016, this interest rate cap agreement caps the related floating rate debt at 6.0% for the term of the agreement, which is 3 years. We also expect to manage our exposure to interest rate risk by maintaining a mix of fixed and variable rates for our indebtedness. Increasing rates may make fundraising more difficult if potential investors perceive a rise in rates as a negative for multifamily fundamentals. 
 As of September 30, 2016, the weighted average interest rate of our total indebtedness was 3.31%. Until the interest rate on our $26.9 million of floating rate mortgage debt reaches the cap provided by its interest rate cap agreement, e ach increase of 25 basis points to the interest rate would result in an approximate increase to our annual interest expense of the amounts illustrated in the table below for our indebtedness as of September 30, 2016 (in thousands):  

There is no assurance that we would realize such expense as such changes in interest rates could alter our liability positions or strategies in response to such changes. 
 We may also be exposed to credit risk in such derivative financial instruments we use. Credit risk is the failure of the counterparty to perform under the terms of the derivative financial instrument. We seek to minimize the credit risk in derivative financial instruments by entering into transactions with high-quality counterparties. 
     Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to us, including our President and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, we recognize that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, as ours are designed to do, and we necessarily were required to apply our judgment in evaluating whether the benefits of the controls and procedures that we adopt outweigh their costs. 
 51 

As required by Rules 13a-15(b) and 15d-15(b) of the Exchange Act, an evaluation as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report on Form 10-Q wa  s conducted under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our President and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Excha  nge Act). Based on this evaluation, our President and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures, as of September 30, 2016, were effective at a reasonable assurance level.  
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 52 

PART II   OTHE  R INFORMATION  
     Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 From time to time, we are party to legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of our business. Management is not aware of any legal proceedings of which the outcome is reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition, nor are we aware of any such legal proceedings contemplated by government agencies. 
     Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 We have disclosed under the  Risk Factors  section of our Annual Report on Form 10-K (the  Form 10-K ) risk factors which materially affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. There have been no material changes from the risk factors previously disclosed. You should carefully consider the risk factors set forth in the Form 10-K and the other information set forth elsewhere in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q. You should be aware that these risk factors and other information may not describe every risk facing us. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and/or operating results. 
     Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2016, we did not sell any equity securities that were not registered under the Securities Act of 1933 (the  Securities Act ).  On May 16, 2016, we re-elected the directors to the Board for a one-year term expiring in 2017 and granted each of the two independent directors  an additional 3,000 restricted  shares of the Company s Class A common stock under the restricted share plan . The shares were not registered under the Securities Act and were issued in reliance on Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act.   
 Use of Proceeds 
 On August 12, 2015, our Registration Statement, registering a public offering of up to $1.1 billion in shares of our common stock, was declared effective under the Securities Act. We commenced our Offering on August 12, 2015. We are offering up to $1.0 billion in shares of our common stock to the public in our primary Offering and up to $100 million in shares of our common stock pursuant to our DRIP. Highland Capital Funds Distributor, Inc., an affiliate of the Advisor, is serving as the dealer manager for our Offering.  
 As of September 30, 2016, we had issued 669,322 shares of Class A common stock in the Offering, which consisted of the issuance of 434,783 shares to acquire a 95% interest in Estates and the issuance of 234,539 shares, including 2,391 shares issued pursuant to the DRIP, resulting in gross proceeds of approximately $2.3 million, including approximately $22,700 of distributions reinvested through the DRIP. In connection with raising the minimum offering amount and breaking escrow, we recorded less than $0.1 million of organization and offering expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 for reimbursements to the Advisor and its affiliates for organization and offering expenses incurred on our behalf. 
 We intend to use substantially all of the net proceeds from the Offering to  directly or indirectly acquire, own, operate and selectively develop well-located  core  and  core-plus  multifamily properties in large cities and suburban markets of large cities, primarily in the Southeastern and Southwestern United States. We intend to also originate preferred equity investments with operators of well-located  core  and  core-plus  multifamily properties. We may also seek to invest in multifamily housing debt and mezzanine debt, and common and preferred stock of both publicly traded and private real estate companies.  As of September 30, 2016, we had acquired one multifamily property for a purchase price of $41.2 million and originated two preferred equity investments of a combined $11.25 million in multifamily properties. These investments were acquired through the issuance of $4.0 million of our Class A common stock, $2.2 million in proceeds from the Offering, and $46.3 million in secured financings.    
     Item 3. Defaults upon Senior Securities 
 None. 
     Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 None. 
 53 

Item 5. Other   Information  
 None. 
     Item 6. Exhibits 
 EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit Number   

Exhibit Description   

3.1  

Articles of Amendment and Restatement of NexPoint Multifamily Realty Trust, Inc. (included as Exhibit 3.1 to Pre-Effective Amendment No. 2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-11 (File No. 333-200221) filed on July 10, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference).   

3.2  

Articles of Amendment of NexPoint Multifamily Realty Trust, Inc., filed April 12, 2016 (included as Exhibit 3.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 333-200221) filed on April 13, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference).    

3.3  

Bylaws of NexPoint Multifamily Realty Trust, Inc. (included as Exhibit 3.2 to the initial public filing of the Registration Statement on Form S-11 (File No. 333-200221) filed on November 14, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference).    

4.1  

Distribution Reinvestment Plan (included in the prospectus dated April 27, 2016 as Appendix A and incorporated herein by reference).  

4.2  

First Amendment to Distribution Reinvestment Plan (included as Appendix A to Supplement No. 2 to the prospectus dated April 27, 2016, as filed on September 9, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference).    

4.3  

Form of Subscription Agreement (included in the prospectus dated April 27, 2016 as Appendix B and incorporated herein by reference).    

4.4  

Form of Multiproduct Subscription Agreement (included in the prospectus dated April 27, 2016 as Appendix C and incorporated herein by reference).  

10.1  

Amendment No. 1 to the Dealer Manager Agreement, by and among NexPoint Multifamily Realty Trust, Inc., NexPoint Real Estate Advisors II, L.P. and Highland Capital Funds Distributor, Inc., dated March 23, 2016 (included as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 333-200221) filed on March 25, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference).  

10.2  

Revolving Credit Agreement, by and among Highland Capital Management, L.P. and NexPoint Multifamily Operating Partnership, L.P. as Borrowers and KeyBank National Association as Lender and Administrative Agent, dated April 7, 2016 (included as Exhibit 10.9 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 333-200221) filed on April 13, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference).    

10.3  

First Amendment to Revolving Credit Agreement, by and among Highland Capital Management, L.P. and NexPoint Multifamily Operating Partnership, L.P. as Borrowers and KeyBank, National Association as Lender and Administrative Agent, dated August 19, 2016 (included as Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 333-200221) filed on August 24, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference).  

10.4  

Pledge and Security Agreement, by and among NREA SOV Investors, LLC and KeyBank, National Association, dated August 19, 2016 (included as Exhibit 10.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 333-200221) filed on August 24, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference).  

31.1*  

Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

31.2*  

Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

32.1**  

Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

101.INS*  

XBRL  Instance Document  

101.SCH*  

XBRL  Taxonomy Extension Schema Document  

101.CAL*  

XBRL  Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document  

54 

101.DEF*   

XBRL  Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document  

101.LAB*  

XBRL  Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document  

101.PRE*  

XBRL  Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document  

*    Filed herewith. 
 **   Furnished herewith in accordance with Item 601(b)(32) of Regulation S-K, this Exhibit is not deemed  filed  for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section. Such certifications will not be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act, except to the extent that the registrant specifically incorporates it by reference.  
   
 55 

SIGNA  TURES  
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

NEXPOINT MULTIFAMILY CAPITAL TRUST, INC.  

Dated: November 10, 2016  

/s/ James Dondero  

James Dondero 
 President 
 (Principal Executive Officer)  

Dated: November 10, 2016  

/s/ Brian Mitts  

Brian Mitts 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  

56  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ck0001592745-ex311_6.htm
 EX-31.1

ck0001592745-ex311_6.htm

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION of principal executive officer pursuant to 
 section 302 of the sarbanes-oxley act of 2002 
 I, James Dondero, certify that: 

1.   
 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 of NexPoint Multifamily Capital Trust, Inc.;    

2.   
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;    

3.   
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;     

4.   
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have:     

a)   
 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;     

b)   
 
 intentionally omitted;     

c)   
 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and     

d)   
 
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of the annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and     

5.   
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):     

a)   
 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and     

b)   
 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

     Date: November 10, 2016 

/s/ James Dondero  

James Dondero  

President  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ck0001592745-ex312_8.htm
 EX-31.2

ck0001592745-ex312_8.htm

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION of principal financial officer pursuant to 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Brian Mitts, certify that: 

1.   
 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 of NexPoint Multifamily Capital Trust, Inc.;    

2.   
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;    

3.   
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;     

4.   
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have:     

a)   
 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;     

b)   
 
 intentionally omitted;     

c)   
 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and     

d)   
 
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of the annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and     

5.   
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):     

a)   
 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and     

b)   
 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

     Date: November 10, 2016 

/s/ Brian Mitts  

Brian Mitts  

Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial Officer)  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ck0001592745-ex321_7.htm
 EX-32.1

ck0001592745-ex321_7.htm

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF  
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of NexPoint Multifamily Capital Trust, Inc. (the  Company ) for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), the undersigned, James Dondero, President of the Company, and Brian Mitts, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, each certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that:  

1.   
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and      

2.   
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of the dates and for the periods indicated.       

Dated: November 10, 2016  

/s/ James Dondero  

James Dondero 
 President 
 (Principal Executive Officer)  

Dated: November 10, 2016  

/s/ Brian Mitts  

Brian Mitts 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer)  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 ck0001592745-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 ck0001592745-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 ck0001592745-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 ck0001592745-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 ck0001592745-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 ck0001592745-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

