<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1437479_0001174947-16-003396_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7623817</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>222003</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>292816</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2434702</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3178695</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1251950</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>57</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001174947-16-003396.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114133030
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001174947-16-003396
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		57
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ENB Financial Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001437479
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS [6021]
		IRS NUMBER:				510661129
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			PA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-53297
		FILM NUMBER:		161993221

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		31 E MAIN STREET
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 457
		CITY:			EPHRATA
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			17522-0457
		BUSINESS PHONE:		717-733-4181

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		31 E MAIN STREET
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 457
		CITY:			EPHRATA
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			17522-0457

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001174947-16-003396.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 form10q-16664_enbf.htm
 10-Q

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington,
D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q 

(Mark
One)  

  x 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15 (d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

For the
quarterly period ended      September 30, 2016        

  OR  

o 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15 (d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

For the
transition period from __________________________ to __________________________  

ENB
Financial Corp   

  (Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code       (717) 733-4181        

Former
name, former address, and former fiscal year, if changed since last report       Not Applicable        

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.   

  Yes
 x            No  o   

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Date File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files.)  

  Yes
 x            No  o   

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer,  and  smaller
reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):  

Large Accelerated filer   o   
      Accelerated filer  o    
 
      Non-accelerated filer   o    (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  
      Smaller reporting company   x    

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  

  Yes  o            No
 x   

APPLICABLE ONLY TO CORPORATE ISSUERS: 

Indicate
the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. As of
  November 7, 2016,   the registrant had   2,846,838   shares
of $0.20 (par) Common Stock outstanding.  

ENB
FINANCIAL CORP  

    INDEX
TO FORM 10-Q  

  September
30, 2016  

2   

       Index    ENB FINANCIAL CORP 

Part I - Financial Information 

   Item 1. Financial Statements 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (UNAUDITED) 

 (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE AND
PER SHARE DATA) 

See Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Interim Financial Statements   

3   

       Index    ENB FINANCIAL CORP 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (UNAUDITED) 

 (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE AND PER SHARE DATA) 

See Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Interim Financial Statements  

4   

       Index    ENB FINANCIAL CORP 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (UNAUDITED) 

 (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS) 

See Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Interim Financial Statements  

5   

       Index    ENB FINANCIAL CORP 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (UNAUDITED) 

(DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS) 

See Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Interim Financial Statements   

6   

       Index    ENB FINANCIAL CORP    Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Interim Financial Statements   

1.       Basis
of Presentation  

The accompanying unaudited consolidated interim financial statements
have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles for interim financial information and to general
practices within the banking industry. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by generally
accepted accounting principles for complete financial statements. In the opinion of management, all significant adjustments considered
necessary for fair presentation have been included. Certain items previously reported have been reclassified to conform to the
current period s reporting format. Such reclassifications did not affect net income or stockholders  equity. 

ENB Financial Corp ( the Corporation ) is the bank holding
company for its wholly-owned subsidiary Ephrata National Bank (the  Bank ). This Form 10-Q, for the third quarter of
2016, is reporting on the results of operations and financial condition of ENB Financial Corp. 

Operating results for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016, are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the year ended December 31, 2016. For further
information, refer to the consolidated financial statements and footnotes thereto included in ENB Financial Corp s Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

2.       Securities
Available for Sale  

The amortized cost, gross unrealized gains and losses, and fair value of securities held at September 30, 2016, 

 and December 31, 2015, are as follows:         

7   

       Index    ENB FINANCIAL CORP  Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Interim Financial Statements   

The amortized cost and fair value of debt securities available for
sale at September 30, 2016, by contractual maturity, are shown below. Actual maturities may differ from contractual maturities
due to certain call or prepayment provisions. 

CONTRACTUAL MATURITY OF DEBT SECURITIES 

 (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)       

Securities available for sale with a par value of $67,271,000 and
$60,295,000 at September 30, 2016, and December 31, 2015, respectively, were pledged or restricted for public funds, borrowings,
or other purposes as required by law. The fair value of these pledged securities was $71,066,000 at September 30, 2016, and $65,137,000
at December 31, 2015. 

Proceeds from active sales of securities available for sale, along
with the associated gross realized gains and gross realized losses, are shown below. Realized gains and losses are computed on
the basis of specific identification. 

PROCEEDS FROM SALES OF SECURITIES AVAILABLE FOR SALE 

 (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS) 

Management evaluates all of the Corporation s securities for
other than temporary impairment (OTTI) on a periodic basis. No securities in the portfolio had other-than-temporary impairment
recorded in the first nine months of 2016 or 2015. 

Information pertaining to securities with gross unrealized losses
at September 30, 2016, and December 31, 2015, aggregated by investment category and length of time that individual securities have
been in a continuous loss position follows: 

8   

       Index    ENB FINANCIAL CORP  Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Interim Financial Statements   

TEMPORARY IMPAIRMENTS OF SECURITIES 

 (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)   

In the debt security portfolio there were 75 positions that were carrying unrealized losses as of September
30, 2016. In the equity security portfolio there were two positions that were carrying unrealized losses as of September 30, 2016.
There were no instruments considered to be other-than-temporarily impaired at September 30, 2016. 

The Corporation evaluates both equity and fixed maturity positions
for other-than-temporary impairment at least on a quarterly basis, and more frequently when economic and market concerns warrant
such evaluation. U.S. generally accepted accounting principles provide for the bifurcation of OTTI into two categories: (a) the
amount of the total OTTI related to a decrease in cash flows expected to be collected from the debt security (the credit loss),
which is recognized in earnings, and (b) the amount of total OTTI related to all other factors, which is recognized, net of taxes,
as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income. 

As part of management s normal monthly securities review,
instruments are examined for known or expected calls that would impact the value of the bonds by causing accelerated amortization.
If a security was purchased at a high premium, or dollar price above par, the remaining premium has to be amortized on a straight
line basis to the known call date. Calls can occur in a majority of the securities the Corporation purchases but they are dependent
on the structure of the instrument, and can also be dependent on certain conditions. The Corporation experienced a clean-up call
on a Ginnie Mae U.S. agency mortgage-backed security in the fourth quarter of 2015, which required $385,000 of remaining premium
to be amortized. Subsequent to this event, all other high coupon and/or high premium U.S. agency mortgage-backed securities and
collateralized mortgage obligations were reviewed to determine if there was any other current material exposure to clean-up call
provisions. No other securities were identified with impending clean-up calls. 

9   

       Index    ENB FINANCIAL CORP  Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Interim Financial Statements   

On March 15, 2016, management was made aware of a regulatory call
provision on a CoBank bond held by the Corporation. CoBank is a sub-U.S. agency and cooperative of the Farm Credit Association
(FCA), a U.S. government sponsored enterprise (GSE). The bond is classified as a corporate bond for disclosure purposes. The regulatory
call was not anticipated and the high coupon bond was purchased at a high premium. The call required accelerated amortization to
the April 15, 2016 call date, resulting in an additional $479,000 of amortization through September 30, 2016. This regulatory call
specifically involved the CoBank issue maturing on April 16, 2018. 

On April 26, 2016, management became aware of an AgriBank bond call.
AgriBank is another cooperative of the FCA. The Corporation owned $6.4 million par of the AgriBank issue maturing on July 15, 2019.
AgriBank went public with this call, stating they intended to call the bonds on July 15, 2016. As a result of this par call notice,
management accelerated the amortization of the remaining premium on the AgriBank bond, beginning in April and running until the
call date of July 15, 2016. As of September 30, 2016, $1,202,000 of accelerated amortization was recorded on this bond. 

In both the CoBank and AgriBank matters investors, including the
Corporation, have contested the ability of both CoBank and AgriBank to conduct these regulatory calls. Presently, management is
pursuing litigation against CoBank and AgriBank to contest the process that was undertaken to exercise these regulatory calls.
Management cannot make any prediction or draw any conclusion as to the outcome of any negotiations and/or litigation in connection
with these matters. 

3.        Loans and Allowance
for Loan Losses  

The following table presents the Corporation s loan portfolio
by category of loans as of September 30, 2016, and December 31, 2015: 

LOAN PORTFOLIO 

 (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)     

10   

       Index    ENB FINANCIAL CORP  Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Interim Financial Statements   

The Corporation grades commercial credits differently
than consumer credits. The following tables represent all of the Corporation s commercial credit exposures by internally
assigned grades as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. The grading analysis estimates the capability of the borrower to
repay the contractual obligations under the loan agreements as scheduled. The Corporation's internal commercial credit risk grading
system is based on experiences with similarly graded loans. 

The Corporation's internally assigned grades
for commercial credits are as follows: 

Pass   loans which are protected by the current net worth and paying capacity of the obligor
or by the value of the underlying collateral.   

Special Mention   loans where a potential weakness or risk exists, which could cause a more
serious problem if not corrected.    

Substandard   loans that have a well-defined weakness based on objective evidence and characterized
by the distinct possibility that the Corporation will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected.   

Doubtful   loans classified as doubtful have all the weaknesses inherent in a substandard
asset.  In addition, these weaknesses make collection or liquidation in full highly questionable and improbable, based on
existing circumstances.   

Loss   loans classified as a loss are considered uncollectible, or of such value that continuance
as an asset is not warranted.   

COMMERCIAL CREDIT EXPOSURE 

 CREDIT RISK PROFILE BY INTERNALLY ASSIGNED GRADE 

 (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS) 

11   

       Index    ENB FINANCIAL CORP  Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Interim Financial Statements   

For consumer loans, the Corporation evaluates credit quality based
on whether the loan is considered performing or non-performing. Non-performing loans consist of those loans greater than 90 days
delinquent and nonaccrual loans. The following tables present the balances of consumer loans by classes of the loan portfolio based
on payment performance as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

CONSUMER CREDIT EXPOSURE 

 CREDIT RISK PROFILE BY PAYMENT PERFORMANCE 

 (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)           

12   

       Index    ENB FINANCIAL CORP  Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Interim Financial Statements   

The following tables present an age analysis of the Corporation s
past due loans, segregated by loan portfolio class, as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

AGING OF LOANS RECEIVABLE 

 (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS) 

13   

       Index    ENB FINANCIAL CORP  Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Interim Financial Statements   

The following table presents nonaccrual loans by classes of the
loan portfolio as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

NONACCRUAL LOANS BY LOAN CLASS 

 (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)   

As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, all of the Corporation s
commercial loans on nonaccrual status were also considered impaired. Information with respect to impaired loans for the three and
nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, is as follows: 

IMPAIRED LOANS 

 (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)           

Interest income on impaired loans would have increased by approximately
$9,000 and $16,000 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $3,000 and $17,000 for the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2015, had these loans performed in accordance with their original terms. 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, there
were no loan modifications made that would cause a loan to be considered a troubled debt restructuring (TDR). A TDR is a loan where
management has granted a concession to the borrower from the original terms. A concession is generally defined as more favorable
payment or credit terms granted to a borrower in an effort to improve the likelihood of the lender collecting principal in its
entirety. Concessions usually are in the form of interest only for a period of time, or a lower interest rate offered in an effort
to enable the borrower to continue to make normally scheduled payments. 

14   

       Index    ENB FINANCIAL CORP  Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Interim Financial Statements   

The following tables summarize information in regards to impaired
loans by loan portfolio class as of September 30, 2016, December 31, 2015, and September 30, 2015: 

15   

       Index    ENB FINANCIAL CORP  Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Interim Financial Statements   

16   

       Index    ENB FINANCIAL CORP  Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Interim Financial Statements   

17   

       Index    ENB FINANCIAL CORP  Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Interim Financial Statements   

The following table details activity in the allowance for loan losses by portfolio segment for the nine months ended September
30, 2016: 

ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES 

 (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS) 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, a credit provision was recorded for the commercial and industrial
segment with provision expense recorded in all other loan categories. For the entire portfolio, $200,000 of additional provision
expense was needed for the first nine months of 2016. Delinquency rates among most loan pools remain very low with the total amount
of delinquent loans lower on September 30, 2016 than on December 31, 2015, even with larger loan balances. The Corporation received
$157,000 more recoveries than charge-offs for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. These favorable results acted to offset
higher levels of classified loans and non-accruals resulting in $200,000 of additional provision being sufficient to cover the
growth in the loan portfolio. Changes in qualitative factors were minimal during the third quarter and the provision expense recorded
was mostly to account for significant loan growth during the year-to-date period.      

18   

       Index    ENB FINANCIAL CORP  Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Interim Financial Statements   

T he following table details
activity in the allowance for loan losses by portfolio segment for the nine months ended September 30, 2015: 

ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES 

 (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS) 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2015, provision expense was recorded for the commercial real estate
segment with credit provisions recorded in all other loan categories. There were $272,000 of commercial real estate loan charge-offs
during the first quarter of 2015, which increased the historical loss rates and ultimately resulted in a higher required reserve
amount for the commercial real estate category as of March 31, 2015. However, since the first quarter, charge-offs had been at
a minimum, economic conditions continued to improve, and the qualitative factors impacting commercial real estate had declined,
resulting in a lower allocation. The majority of the Corporation s total allowance is devoted to commercial real estate as
this is the largest element of the portfolio and generally carries a higher element of credit risk. With charge-offs and recoveries
running at minimal levels for the second and third quarters of 2015, it had been the qualitative factor movements that were primarily
responsible for adjusting the allocations shown above for the four main loan categories. 

19   

       Index    ENB FINANCIAL CORP  Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Interim Financial Statements   

The following tables present the balance in the allowance for credit
losses and the recorded investment in loans receivable by portfolio segment based on impairment method as of September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015: 

ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES AND RECORDED INVESTMENT IN LOANS RECEIVABLE 

 (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS) 

20   

       Index    ENB FINANCIAL CORP  Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Interim Financial Statements   

4. Fair Value Presentation  

U.S. generally accepted accounting principles
establish a hierarchal disclosure framework associated with the level of observable pricing utilized in measuring assets and liabilities
at fair value. The three broad levels defined by the hierarchy are as follows: 

Level I: 
     Quoted prices are available in active markets for identical assets or liabilities as of the reported date.  

Level II: 
     Pricing inputs are other than the quoted prices in active markets, which are either directly or indirectly observable as of the
reported date. The nature of these assets and liabilities includes items for which quoted prices are available but traded less
frequently and items that are fair-valued using other financial instruments, the parameters of which can be directly observed.  

Level III: 
     Assets and liabilities that have little to no observable pricing as of the reported date. These items do not have two-way markets
and are measured using management s best estimate of fair value, where the inputs into the determination of fair value require
significant management judgment or estimation.  

The following tables present the assets reported on the consolidated
balance sheets at their fair value as of September 30, 2016, and December 31, 2015, by level within the fair value hierarchy. As
required by U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, financial assets and liabilities are classified in their entirety based
on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. 

Fair Value Measurements:  

 ASSETS MEASURED ON A RECURRING BASIS 

 (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)     

On September 30, 2016, the Corporation held no securities valued
using level III inputs. All of the Corporation s debt instruments were valued using level II inputs, where quoted prices
are available and observable, but not necessarily quotes on identical securities traded in active markets on a daily basis. The
Corporation s CRA fund investments and bank stocks are fair valued utilizing level I inputs because the funds have their
own quoted prices in an active market. As of September 30, 2016, the CRA fund investments had a $5,000,000 book and fair market
value and the bank stock portfolio had a book value of $835,000, and fair market value of $957,000. 

21   

       Index    ENB FINANCIAL CORP  Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Interim Financial Statements   

Fair Value Measurements:  

 ASSETS MEASURED ON A RECURRING BASIS 

 (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)    

On December 31, 2015, the Corporation held no securities valued using level III inputs. All of the Corporation s
debt instruments were valued using level II inputs, where quoted prices are available and observable but not necessarily quotes
on identical securities traded in active markets on a daily basis. As of December 31, 2015, the Corporation s CRA fund investments
had a book and fair market value of $5,000,000 and the bank stock portfolio had a book value of $515,000 and a market value of
$533,000 utilizing level I pricing. 

Financial instruments are considered level III when their values
are determined using pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies, or similar techniques, and at least one significant model
assumption or input is unobservable. In addition to these unobservable inputs, the valuation models for level III financial instruments
typically also rely on a number of inputs that are readily observable either directly or indirectly. Level III financial instruments
also include those for which the determination of fair value requires significant management judgment or estimation. There were
no level III securities as of September 30, 2016 or December 31, 2015. 

The following tables present the assets measured on a nonrecurring
basis on the Consolidated Balance Sheets at their fair value as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, by level within the
fair value hierarchy: 

ASSETS MEASURED ON A NONRECURRING BASIS 

 ( Dollars
in Thousands ) 

The Corporation had a total of $2,072,000 of
impaired loans as of September 30, 2016, with no specific allocation against these loans and $1,705,000 of impaired loans as of
December 31, 2015, with no specific allocation against these loans. The value of impaired loans is generally determined through
independent appraisals of the underlying collateral. 

22   

       Index    ENB FINANCIAL CORP  Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Interim Financial Statements   

The following table presents additional quantitative information
about assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis for which the Corporation has utilized level III inputs to determine
fair value: 

QUANTITATIVE INFORMATION ABOUT LEVEL III FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS 

 (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)        

(1) Fair value is generally
determined through independent appraisals of the underlying collateral, which generally include various level III inputs
which are not identifiable. 

(2) Appraisals may be adjusted by
management for qualitative factors such as economic conditions and estimated liquidation expenses.  The range and
weighted average of liquidation expenses and other appraisal adjustments are presented as a percent of the appraisal.  

23   

       Index    ENB FINANCIAL CORP  Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Interim Financial Statements   

5. Interim Disclosures about Fair Value of Financial Instruments  

The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the
fair value of each class of financial instrument: 

Cash and Cash Equivalents   

 For these short-term instruments, the carrying amount is a reasonable
estimate of fair value. 

Securities Available
for Sale   

 Management utilizes quoted market pricing for the fair value of
the Corporation's securities that are available for sale, if available. If a quoted market rate is not available, fair value is
estimated using quoted market prices for similar securities. 

Regulatory Stock  

 Regulatory stock is valued at a stable dollar price, which is the
price used to purchase or liquidate shares; therefore, the carrying amount is a reasonable estimate of fair value. 

Loans Held for Sale   

 Loans held for sale are individual loans for which the Corporation
has a firm sales commitment; therefore, the carrying value is a reasonable estimate of the fair value. 

Loans   

 The fair value of fixed and variable rate loans is estimated by
discounting back the scheduled future cash flows of the particular loan product, using the market interest rates of comparable
loan products in the Corporation s greater market area, with the same general structure, comparable credit ratings, and for
the same remaining maturities. 

Accrued Interest Receivable  

 The carrying amount of accrued interest receivable is a reasonable
estimate of fair value. 

Bank Owned Life Insurance   

 Fair value is equal to the cash surrender value of the life insurance
policies. 

Deposits   

 The fair value of non-interest bearing demand deposit accounts and
interest bearing demand, savings, and money market deposit accounts is based on the amount payable on demand at the reporting date.
The fair value of fixed-maturity time deposits is estimated by discounting back the expected cash flows of the time deposit using
market interest rates from the Corporation s greater market area currently offered for similar time deposits with similar
remaining maturities. 

Borrowings   

 The carrying amount of short-term borrowing is a reasonable estimate
of fair value. The fair value of long-term borrowing is estimated by comparing the rate currently offered for the same type of
borrowing instrument with a matching remaining term. 

Accrued Interest Payable  

 The carrying amount of accrued interest payable is a reasonable
estimate of fair value. 

Firm Commitments to Extend Credit, Lines of Credit, and Open
Letters of Credit  

 These financial instruments are generally not subject to sale and
estimated fair values are not readily available. The carrying value, represented by the net deferred fee arising from the unrecognized
commitment or letter of credit, and the fair value, determined by discounting the remaining contractual fee over the term of the
commitment, using fees currently charged to enter into similar agreements with similar credit risk, is not considered material
for disclosure purposes. The contractual amounts of unfunded commitments are presented in Note 6. 

24   

       Index    ENB FINANCIAL CORP  Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Interim Financial Statements   

Fair Value of Financial Instruments  

The carrying amounts and estimated fair values of the Corporation's
financial instruments at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, are summarized as follows: 

FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS 

 (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS) 

25   

       Index    ENB FINANCIAL CORP  Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Interim Financial Statements   

FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS 

 (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS) 

6.       Commitments
and Contingent Liabilities  

In order to meet the financing needs of its customers in the normal
course of business, the Corporation makes various commitments that are not reflected in the accompanying consolidated financial
statements. These commitments include firm commitments to extend credit, unused lines of credit, and open letters of credit. As
of September 30, 2016, firm loan commitments were $39.3 million, unused lines of credit were $178.7 million, and open letters of
credit were $10.4 million. The total of these commitments was $228.4 million, which represents the Corporation s exposure
to credit loss in the event of nonperformance by its customers with respect to these financial instruments. The actual credit losses
that may arise from these commitments are expected to compare favorably with the Corporation s loan loss experience on its
loan portfolio taken as a whole. The Corporation uses the same credit policies in making commitments and conditional obligations
as it does for balance sheet financial instruments. 

26   

       Index    ENB FINANCIAL CORP  Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Interim Financial Statements   

7. Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)  

The activity in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) for
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 is as follows: 

ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) (1) (2) 

 (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)   

(1) 
     All amounts are net of tax.  Related income tax expense or benefit is calculated using a Federal income tax rate of
34%.  

(2) 
     Amounts in parentheses indicate debits.    

27   

       Index    ENB FINANCIAL CORP  Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Interim Financial Statements   

DETAILS ABOUT ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) COMPONENTS (1) 

 (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)       

Amount Reclassified from    

Accumulated Other Comprehensive    

Income (Loss)    

For the Three Months    

Ended September 30,    

2016    
     2015    
     Affected Line Item in the  

$    
     $    
     Consolidated Statements of Income  
 
     Securities available-for-sale:    

Net securities gains reclassified into earnings    
        464       
        529       
     Gains on securities transactions, net  
 
          Related income tax expense    
        (158  )    
        (179  )    
     Provision for federal income taxes  
 
       Net effect on accumulated other comprehensive    

income for the period    
        306       
        350       

(1) Amounts in parentheses indicate debits. 

DETAILS ABOUT ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) COMPONENTS (1) 

 (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)       

Amount Reclassified from    

Accumulated Other Comprehensive    

Income (Loss)    

For the Nine Months    

Ended September 30,    

2016    
     2015    
     Affected Line Item in the  

$    
     $    
     Consolidated Statements of Income  
 
     Securities available-for-sale:    

Net securities gains reclassified into earnings    
        2,130       
        1,690       
     Gains on securities transactions, net  
 
          Related income tax expense    
        (724  )    
        (574  )    
     Provision for federal income taxes  
 
       Net effect on accumulated other comprehensive    

income for the period    
        1,406       
        1,116       

(1) Amounts in parentheses indicate debits.       

8. Recently Issued Accounting Standards  

In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09,
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers  (a new revenue recognition standard). The Update s core principle is that a
company will recognize revenue to depict the transfer of goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration
to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. In addition, this Update specifies the accounting
for certain costs to obtain or fulfill a contract with a customer and expands disclosure requirements for revenue recognition.
This Update is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within
that reporting period. The Corporation is currently evaluating the impact the adoption of the standard will have on the Corporation s
financial position or results of operations. 

In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-14,
 Revenue from Contract with Customers  ( Topic 606 ). The amendments in this Update defer the effective date of ASU 2014-09
for all entities by one year. Public business entities, certain not-for-profit entities, and certain employee benefit plans should
apply the guidance in ASU 2014-09 to annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim reporting periods
within that reporting period. All other entities should apply the guidance in ASU 2014-09 to annual reporting periods beginning
after December 15, 2018, and interim reporting periods within annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2019. The Corporation
is evaluating the effect of adopting this new accounting Update. 

28   

       Index    ENB FINANCIAL CORP  Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Interim Financial Statements   

In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-01,
 Financial Instruments   Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities .
This Update applies to all entities that hold financial assets or owe financial liabilities and is intended to provide more useful
information on the recognition, measurement, presentation, and disclosure of financial instruments. Among other things, this Update
(a) requires equity investments (except those accounted for under the equity method of accounting or those that result in consolidation
of the investee) to be measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in net income; (b) simplifies the impairment
assessment of equity investments without readily determinable fair values by requiring a qualitative assessment to identify impairment;
(c) eliminates the requirement to disclose the fair value of financial instruments measured at amortized cost for entities that
are not public business entities; (d) eliminates the requirement for public business entities to disclose the method(s) and significant
assumptions used to estimate the fair value that is required to be disclosed for financial instruments measured at amortized cost
on the balance sheet; (e) requires public business entities to use the exit price notion when measuring the fair value of financial
instruments for disclosure purposes; (f) requires an entity to present separately in other comprehensive income the portion of
the total change in the fair value of a liability resulting from a change in the instrument-specific credit risk when the entity
has elected to measure the liability at fair value in accordance with the fair value option for financial instruments; (g) requires
separate presentation of financial assets and financial liabilities by measurement category and form of financial asset (that is,
securities or loans and receivables) on the balance sheet or the accompanying notes to the financial statements; and (h) clarifies
that an entity should evaluate the need for a valuation allowance on a deferred tax asset related to available-for-sale securities
in combination with the entity s other deferred tax assets. For public business entities, the amendments in this Update are
effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years. For all other
entities, including not-for-profit entities and employee benefit plans within the scope of Topics 960 through 965 on plan accounting,
the amendments in this Update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim periods within fiscal
years beginning after December 15, 2019. All entities that are not public business entities may adopt the amendments in this Update
earlier as of the fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Corporation
is currently evaluating the impact the adoption of the standard will have on the Corporation s financial position or results
of operations. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,
 Leases (Topic 842) . The standard requires lessees to recognize the assets and liabilities that arise from leases on the
balance sheet.  A lessee should recognize in the statement of financial position a liability to make lease payments (the lease
liability) and a right-of-use asset representing its right to use the underlying asset for the lease term.  A short-term lease
is defined as one in which (a) the lease term is 12 months or less and (b) there is not an option to purchase the underlying asset
that the lessee is reasonably certain to exercise. For short-term leases, lessees may elect to recognize lease payments over the
lease term on a straight-line basis. For public business entities, the amendments in this Update are effective for fiscal years
beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim periods within those years. For all other entities, the amendments in this Update
are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, and for interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December
15, 2020. The amendments should be applied at the beginning of the earliest period presented using a modified retrospective approach
with earlier application permitted as of the beginning of an interim or annual reporting period. This Update is not expected to
have a significant impact on the Corporation s financial statements. 

In March 2016,
the FASB issued ASU 2016-08,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606).   The amendments in this Update affect entities
with transactions included within the scope of Topic 606, which includes entities that enter into contracts with customers to transfer
goods or services (that are an output of the entity s ordinary activities) in exchange for consideration. The amendments
in this Update do not change the core principle of the guidance in Topic 606; they simply clarify the implementation guidance on
principal versus agent considerations. The amendments in this Update are intended to improve the operability and understandability
of the implementation guidance on principal versus agent considerations. The amendments in this Update affect the guidance in ASU
2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606),  which is not yet effective. The effective date and transition
requirements for the amendments in this Update are the same as the effective date and transition requirements of Update 2014-09.
ASU No. 2015-14,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Deferral of the    Effective Date,  defers
the effective date of Update 2014-09 by one year. The Corporation is currently evaluating the impact the adoption of the standard
will have on the Corporation s financial position or results of operations. 

In April 2016,
the FASB issued ASU 2016-10,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606).  The amendments in this Update affect entities
with transactions included within the scope of Topic 606, which includes entities that enter into contracts with customers to transfer
goods or services in exchange for consideration. The amendments in this Update do not change the core principle for revenue recognition
in Topic 606. Instead, the amendments provide (1) more detailed guidance in a few areas and (2) additional implementation guidance
and examples based on feedback the FASB received from its stakeholders. The amendments are expected to reduce the degree of judgment
necessary to comply with Topic 606, which the FASB expects will reduce the potential for diversity arising in practice and reduce
the cost and complexity of applying the guidance. The amendments in this Update affect the guidance in ASU 2014-09,  Revenue
from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) , which is not yet effective. The effective date and transition requirements for the
amendments in this Update are the same as the effective date and transition requirements in Topic 606 (and any other Topic amended
by Update 2014-09). ASU 2015-14,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) :   Deferral of the Effective
Date , defers the effective date of Update 2014-09 by one year. The Corporation is currently evaluating the impact the adoption
of the standard will have on the Corporation s financial position or results of operations. 

29   

       Index    ENB FINANCIAL CORP  Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Interim Financial Statements   

In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13,
 Financial Instruments - Credit Losses: Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments  ( ASU 2016-13 ),
which changes the impairment model for most financial assets. This Update is intended to improve financial reporting by requiring
timelier recording of credit losses on loans and other financial instruments held by financial institutions and other organizations.
The underlying premise of the Update is that financial assets measured at amortized cost should be presented at the net amount
expected to be collected, through an allowance for credit losses that is deducted from the amortized cost basis. The allowance
for credit losses should reflect management s current estimate of credit losses that are expected to occur over the remaining
life of a financial asset. The income statement will be effected for the measurement of credit losses for newly recognized financial
assets, as well as the expected increases or decreases of expected credit losses that have taken place during the period. ASU 2016-13
is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2019, and early adoption is permitted for annual and interim
periods beginning after December 15, 2018. With certain exceptions, transition to the new requirements will be through a cumulative
effect adjustment to opening retained earnings as of the beginning of the first reporting period in which the guidance is adopted.
The Corporation is currently evaluating the impact the adoption of the standard will have on the Corporation s financial
position or results of operations. 

In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15,
 Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments  ( ASU 2016-15 ),
which addresses eight specific cash flow issues with the objective of reducing diversity in practice. Among these include recognizing
cash payments for debt prepayment or debt extinguishment as cash outflows for financing activities; cash proceeds received from
the settlement of insurance claims should be classified on the basis of the related insurance coverage; and cash proceeds received
from the settlement of bank-owned life insurance policies should be classified as cash inflows from investing activities while
the cash payments for premiums on bank-owned policies may be classified as cash outflows for investing activities, operating activities,
or a combination of investing and operating activities. The amendments in this Update are effective for public business entities
for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal years. For all other entities, the
amendments are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2019. Early adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim period. If an entity early adopts the amendments
in an interim period, any adjustments should be reflected as of the beginning of the fiscal year that includes that interim period.
An entity that elects early adoption must adopt all of the amendments in the same period. The amendments in this Update should
be applied using a retrospective transition method to each period presented. If it is impracticable to apply the amendments retrospectively
for some of the issues, the amendments for those issues would be applied prospectively as of the earliest date practicable. The
Corporation is currently evaluating the impact the adoption of the standard will have on the Corporation s statement of
cash flows.  

30   

       Index    ENB FINANCIAL CORP  Management s Discussion and Analysis   

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations 

The following discussion and analysis represents management s
view of the financial condition and results of operations of the Corporation. This discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction
with the consolidated financial statements and other financial schedules included in this quarterly report, and in conjunction
with the 2015 Annual Report to Shareholders of the Corporation. The financial condition and results of operations presented are
not indicative of future performance. 

Forward-Looking Statements  

The U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides
safe harbor in regards to the inclusion of forward-looking statements in this document and documents incorporated by reference.
Forward-looking statements pertain to possible or assumed future results that are made using current information. These forward-looking
statements are generally identified when terms such as:  believe,   estimate,   anticipate, 
 expect,   project,   forecast,  and other similar wordings are used. The readers of this report
should take into consideration that these forward-looking statements represent management s expectations as to future forecasts
of financial performance, or the likelihood that certain events will or will not occur. Due to the very nature of estimates or
predications, these forward-looking statements should not be construed to be indicative of actual future results. Additionally,
management may change estimates of future performance, or the likelihood of future events, as additional information is obtained.
This document may also address targets, guidelines, or strategic goals that management is striving to reach but may not be indicative
of actual results. 

Readers should note that many factors affect this forward-looking
information, some of which are discussed elsewhere in this document and in the documents that are incorporated by reference into
this document. These factors include, but are not limited to, the following: 

National and local economic conditions   

Effects of slow economic conditions or prolonged economic weakness, specifically the effect on loan customers to repay loans   

Health of the housing market   

Real estate valuations and its impact on the loan portfolio   

Interest rate and monetary policies of the Federal Reserve Board   

Volatility of the securities markets including the valuation of securities   

Future actions or inactions of the United States government, including a failure to increase the government debt limit or a
prolonged shutdown of the federal government   

Political changes and their impact on new laws and regulations   

Competitive forces   

Impact of mergers and acquisition activity in the local market and the effects thereof   

Potential impact from continually evolving cybersecurity and other technological risks and attacks, including additional costs,
reputational damage, regulatory penalties, and financial losses   

Changes in customer behavior impacting deposit levels and loan demand   

Changes in accounting principles, policies, or guidelines as may be adopted by the regulatory agencies, as well as the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board, the Financial Accounting Standards Board, and other accounting standards setters   

Ineffective business strategy due to current or future market and competitive conditions   

Management s ability to manage credit risk, liquidity risk, interest rate risk, and fair value risk   

Operation, legal, and reputation risk   

Results of the regulatory examination and supervision process   

The impact of new laws and regulations, including the impact of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act
of 2010 and the regulations issued thereunder   

Possible impacts of the capital and liquidity requirements of the Basel III standards and other regulatory pronouncements,
regulations and rules   

Disruptions due to flooding, severe weather, or other natural disasters   

The risk that our analyses of these risks and forces could be incorrect and/or that the strategies developed to address them
could be unsuccessful   

31   

       Index    ENB FINANCIAL CORP  Management s Discussion and Analysis   

Readers should be aware if any of the above factors change significantly,
the statements regarding future performance could also change materially. The safe harbor provision provides that the Corporation
is not required to publicly update or revise forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that arise after the
date of this report. Readers should review any changes in risk factors in documents filed by the Corporation periodically with
the Securities and Exchange Commission, including Item 1A of Part II of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, Annual Reports on Form
10-K, and Current Reports on Form 8-K. 

Results of Operations  

Overview 

 The Corporation recorded net income of $2,077,000 and $5,633,000
for the three and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016, a 12.1% and 14.6% increase respectively, from the $1,853,000 and
$4,915,000 earned during the same periods in 2015. The earnings per share, basic and diluted, were $0.73 and $1.98 for the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $0.65 and $1.72 for the same periods in 2015. 

The primary reasons for the increase in earnings were an increase
in net interest income and an increase in other income. The Corporation s net interest income for the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016, increased from the same periods in 2015. Net interest income was $6,642,000 for the third quarter of
2016, compared to $5,833,000 for the same quarter in 2015, an $809,000, or 13.9% increase. The Corporation s net interest
income for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, was $18,254,000, compared to $17,458,000 for the same period in 2015, a $796,000,
or 4.6% increase. The Corporation s net interest margin was 3.22% for the third quarter of 2016, compared to 3.09% for the
third quarter of 2015, compared to 3.04% and 3.10% for the respective year-to-date periods. Net interest margin was negatively
affected by non-recurring accelerated amortization on called U.S. Sub-Agency bonds, which are discussed in more detail under the
Net Interest Income section below. 

Other operating income increased by $486,000, or 20.8%,
and $1,629,000, or 23.5%, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the same periods in the prior
year. The increase for the three-month period ended September 30, 2016, was driven largely by an increase in mortgage gains,
while both security and mortgage gains contributed to higher other operating income for the nine-month period ended September
30, 2016. Net gains on securities decreased by $65,000, or 12.3%, for the quarter-to-date period, but increased by $440,000, or
26.0%, for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016, compared to the same period in 2015. Gains on the sale of
mortgages increased by $331,000, or 146.5%, and $494,000, or 80.3%, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016,
compared to the same periods in the prior year, primarily driven higher by increased volume in the second and third quarters
of 2016. More detail is provided under the Other Income section under Results of Operations. 

Partially offsetting the increased income mentioned above, operating
expenses increased by $658,000, or 10.8%, and $1,515,000, or 8.2%, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared
to the same periods in the prior year. Personnel costs increased by $540,000, or 14.7%, and $1,175,000, or 10.6%, for each respective
period due to new staff positions as well as higher benefit costs associated with new and existing staff. Salary and benefit costs
were driven higher due to new hires for two new branch offices opened in 2016. 

The financial services industry uses two primary performance measurements
to gauge performance: return on average assets (ROA) and return on average equity (ROE). ROA measures how efficiently a bank generates
income based on the amount of assets or size of a company. ROE measures the efficiency of a company in generating income based
on the amount of equity or capital utilized. The latter measurement typically receives more attention from shareholders. The ROA
and ROE increased for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, due to the increase in the Corporation s income
compared to the same periods in the prior year. 

32   

       Index    ENB FINANCIAL CORP  Management s Discussion and Analysis   

The results of the Corporation s operations are best explained
by addressing, in further detail, the five major sections of the income statement, which are as follows: 

Net interest income   

Provision for loan losses   

Other income   

Operating expenses   

Provision for income taxes   

The following discussion analyzes each of these
five components. 

Net Interest Income  

Net interest income (NII) represents the largest portion of the
Corporation s operating income. In the first nine months of 2016, NII generated 68.1% of the Corporation s gross revenue
stream, which consists of net interest income and non-interest income, compared to 71.6% in the first nine months of 2015. The
overall performance of the Corporation is highly dependent on the changes in net interest income since it comprises such a significant
portion of operating income. Without the impact of the accelerated amortization on the U.S. Sub-Agency bonds, the Corporation s
NII would have accounted for 69.9% of the gross revenue stream for the first nine months of 2016. 

The following table shows a summary analysis of net interest income
on a fully taxable equivalent (FTE) basis. For analytical purposes and throughout this discussion, yields, rates, and measurements
such as NII, net interest spread, and net yield on interest earning assets are presented on an FTE basis. The FTE
 NII shown in both tables below will exceed the NII reported on the consolidated statements of income, which is not shown on
an FTE basis. The amount of FTE adjustment totaled $524,000 and $1,570,000 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016,
compared to $480,000 and $1,379,000 for the same periods in 2015. 

NET INTEREST INCOME 

 (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)

NII is the difference between interest income earned on assets and
interest expense incurred on liabilities. Accordingly, two factors affect net interest income: 

The rates earned on interest earning assets and paid on interest bearing liabilities   

The average balance of interest earning assets and interest bearing liabilities   

The Federal funds rate, the Prime rate, the shape of the U.S. Treasury
curve, and other wholesale funding curves, all affect NII. The Federal Reserve controls the Federal funds rate, which is one of
a number of tools available to the Federal Reserve to conduct monetary policy. The Federal funds rate, and guidance on when the
rate might be changed, is often the focal point of discussion regarding the direction of interest rates. Until December 16, 2015,
the Federal funds rate had not changed since December 16, 2008. On December 16, 2015, the Federal funds rate was increased 25 basis
points to 0.50%, from 0.25%. This period of seven years with extremely low and unchanged overnight rates was the lowest and longest
in U.S. history. The impact has been lower margin to the Corporation and generally across the financial industry. The increase
in December resulted in higher short-term U.S. Treasury rates, but the long-term rates have actually decreased since the Federal
Reserve s decision to increase rates, resulting in a flattening of the yield curve. This low rate environment continued through
the third quarter of 2016, although there is a possibility that the Federal Reserve could increase overnight rates again later
in 2016 or early in 2017. In anticipation of the next Fed rate increase, U.S. Treasury rates could increase throughout the next
few months. Alternatively, the rate curve could flatten with higher short-term rates and no increase in the mid to long-term rates. 

33   

       Index    ENB FINANCIAL CORP  Management s Discussion and Analysis   

The Prime rate is generally used by commercial banks to extend variable
rate loans to business and commercial customers. For many years, the Prime rate has been set at 300 basis points, or 3.00% higher,
than the Federal funds rate and typically moves when the Federal funds rate changes. As such, the Prime rate increased from 3.25%
to 3.50% on December 16, 2015. Depending on the loan instrument, the Corporation s Prime-based loans would reprice either
a day after the Federal Reserve rate movement or after a 45-day notification period. Commercial rates generally reprice the next
business day while some consumer loans require the 45-day notification period. 

The fact that the Federal funds rate and the Prime rate had remained
at these very low levels for seven years and only increased by 25 basis points in December of 2015 had made it difficult to grow
the NII of the Corporation as a large portion of the Corporation s loans are priced off of the Prime rate. Prime-based loans
accounted for 34.3% of the loan portfolio as of September 30, 2016, and 31.0% as of December 31, 2015. The Corporation has grown
interest earning assets at a fast pace in the first nine months of 2016, which has helped to grow interest income, but the non-recurring
U.S. Sub-Agency accelerated amortization partially offset this growth, having a negative impact on margin. For the three months
ended September 30, 2016, NII on a tax equivalent basis increased by $853,000, or 13.5%, and the Corporation s margin showed
an increase from 3.09% in 2015, to 3.22% in 2016. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, NII on a tax equivalent basis increased
by $987,000, or 5.2%, but the Corporation s year-to-date margin showed a decline from 3.10% in 2015 to 3.04% in 2016. Factoring
out the non-recurring Sub-Agency amortization, the quarterly margin as of September 30, 2016 would have been 3.30%, and the year-to-date
margin would have been 3.30% both significant improvements over the prior year. 

The  prolonged extremely low short-term rates have enabled
management to reduce the cost of funds on borrowings and allowed lower interest rates paid on deposits, reducing the
Corporation s interest expense, while the increase in the Prime rate in December of 2015 has increased the yield on the
Corporation s Prime-based loans. However, in this environment the Corporation s fixed-rate loans and securities
have generally repriced to lower rates as they mature or reach the end of their fixed rate period. This has occurred over the
past seven years and continues to cause lower yields on the Corporation s assets. Due to the increasing number of
variable rate loans in the Corporation s loan portfolio, the 25 basis-point increase in the Prime rate in December 2015
did have a positive effect on the loan interest income in the first nine months of 2016. If the Fed increases rates again in
the latter part of the year, NII will see another increase. 

Security yields fluctuate more rapidly than loan yields
based primarily on the changes to the U.S. Treasury rates and yield curve. With lower U.S. Treasury rates on average in the
first nine months of 2016 compared to 2015, most of the security reinvesting was occurring at lower rates. As the volume
of securities sold at gains continued at a higher level, this also resulted in more reinvestment at lower rates. Management
did generally direct a large portion of the security sale proceeds into loan growth particularly in the fourth quarter of
2015 and the first quarter of 2016 when loan growth was significant. The Corporation s loan yield has continued to
decline slightly as new loans  are occurring at among the lowest loan rates of this interest rate cycle. Partially offsetting
these lower rates on new loans, the increased rate on Prime-based loans is having a positive impact on yield. Management does
price above the Prime rate on variable rate loans, which helps with loan yield, however, these rates on average are still
lower than the typical fixed rate loan. An element of the Corporation s Prime-based commercial loans is priced above
the Prime rate based on the level of credit risk of the borrower. Additionally, a minority of the Corporation s
variable-rate consumer loans are currently priced above Prime. Nearly all of the Corporation s variable rate consumer
loans are in the form of home equity lines of credit where nearly 40% of these lines are priced above the Prime rate. This
has been a growing product for the Corporation, with balances of $50.3 million as of September 30, 2016, compared to balances
of $37.4 million as of December 31, 2015. Both commercial and consumer Prime-based pricing continues to be driven largely by
local competition. 

Mid-term and long-term interest rates on average were lower in the
first nine months of 2016 compared to 2015. The average rate of the 10-year U.S. Treasury was 1.74% in the first nine months of
2016 compared to 2.12% in the first nine months of 2015, and it stood at 1.60% on September 30, 2016, compared to 2.06% at September
30, 2015. The slope of the yield curve was already compressed, but with the Fed rate increase in December of 2015, there was even
less slope between the short end and long end of the curve. There was only a difference of 110 basis points between overnight rates
and the 10-year U.S. Treasury as of September 30, 2016, compared to 181 basis points as of September 30, 2015. With a flatter yield
curve and lower mid and long-term interest rates, management was not able to increase loan rates to improve yield although the
25 basis point increase in the Prime rate did act to increase the yield on Prime-based variable rate loans. Additionally, with
lower rates, security amortization increased and yields on new purchases were low resulting in a lower overall securities yield.
As a result, the Corporation s asset yield continued to decline. 

34   

       Index    ENB FINANCIAL CORP  Management s Discussion and Analysis   

While it is becoming increasingly difficult to achieve savings on
the Corporation s overall cost of funds, management was still achieving savings on select long-term CDs and repricing FHLB
borrowings through the third quarter of 2016. It is not anticipated that interest rates on interest bearing core deposits can be
reduced further in 2016 as these rates have already been reduced significantly over the course of the past few years. While CD
rate reductions are also limited, there are still small savings to be achieved in CDs repricing down from higher rates five years
ago. Borrowing costs and the wholesale borrowing curves that they are based on generally follow the direction and slope of the
U.S. Treasury curve. However, these curves can be quicker to rise and slower to fall as the providers of these funds seek to protect
themselves from rate movements. The Corporation was able to refinance most borrowings at lower rates in 2015 and in the first nine
months of 2016. 

Management currently anticipates that the overnight interest rate
and Prime rate could be increased in the fourth quarter of 2016 although the next interest rate increase may not occur until early
2017. It is likely that the mid and long-term Treasury rates could increase throughout the remainder of the year in anticipation
of additional Federal Reserve rate movements. This would allow management to achieve higher earnings on assets if the opportunity
for higher yielding securities and the ability to price new loans at higher market rates occurred. If the Federal Reserve would
act to increase overnight rates, it is also possible that the yield curve could flatten more, making it more difficult for management
to lend out or reinvest at higher interest rates out further on the yield curve. Should another Federal Reserve rate increase occur
in late 2016, management would likely have to begin increasing deposit rates to remain competitive in the market. To protect funding
costs, management would desire to defer on any deposit rate increases after a Federal Reserve rate increase until competitive forces
make that necessary. 

Generally, a flatter yield curve is not conducive to increasing
net interest margin and net interest income. However, the Corporation has benefited from a gradual increase in the amount of variable
rate loans. Over 34% of the Corporation s loans are variable rate, which would reprice to a higher rate based on the Prime
rate with any Federal Reserve increase. Higher amounts of variable rate loans would help in the event of a flatter yield curve,
but would likely not be sufficient alone to offset higher funding costs if short-term rates were to increase materially and deposit
rates had to be increased. 

The Corporation s margin was 3.22% for the third quarter of
2016, a 13 basis-point increase from the 3.09% for the third quarter of 2015. For the year-to-date period, the Corporation s
margin was 3.04%, compared to 3.10% in the prior year, a decline of 6 basis points. The margin decline for the year-to-date period
was due to $1,681,000 of non-recurring accelerated amortization on U.S. Sub-Agency bonds that reduced interest income on securities.
Without this event, NIM would have been 3.30% for the third quarter of 2016, and 3.30% for the nine months ended September 30,
2016. 

In the first quarter of 2016, CoBank, a farm Credit System Bank,
regulated by the Farm Credit Administration (FCA), a U.S. Government Sponsored Enterprise (GSE), announced on March 11, 2016, they
were prematurely calling their 7.875% notes maturing April 16, 2018, on April 15, 2016, using an extra ordinary redemption provision.
CoBank based their call on a regulatory event occurring. This event caught the Corporation, specifically, and many in the investment
community generally by surprise as the holders viewed the instruments as not generally callable and this marked the first instance
that such a call was conducted on these securities. This call required that the Corporation accelerate the amortization on these
bonds causing an additional $479,000 of amortization in the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

The Corporation was also made aware on April 26, 2016 of AgriBank s
intention to conduct a regulatory par call on their 9.125% notes maturing on July 15, 2019, with the call date of July 15, 2016.
Similar to CoBank, AgriBank is a co-operative of the FCA and a U.S. GSE. The Corporation owned $6.4 million par value of the AgriBank
issue maturing on July 15, 2019, with a book value of $7.7 million. As a result of this par call notice, management had accelerated
amortization of $1,202,000 of premium on the AgriBank bond in the nine months ended September 30, 2016. The Corporation s
net interest income and margin were negatively impacted to a significant degree as a result of these two U.S. Sub-Agency calls. 

35   

       Index    ENB FINANCIAL CORP  Management s Discussion and Analysis   

Although loan growth is occurring, it has been a challenge to increase
loan pricing to the point where it is contributing to an increase in overall asset yield. As cost of funds savings become harder
to achieve, the only way to materially increase net interest margin going forward will be through increases in asset yield. Any
significant improvement in asset yields would be dependent on either additional Prime rate increases or on mid-term and longer-term
market interest rates increasing. This would assist with increased loan pricing and higher securities yields as a result of reduced
amortization and higher yields being available at the time of purchase. 

As shown in the tables that follow, interest income, on an FTE basis
increased by $676,000, or 9.3%, and $413,000, or 1.9%, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the
same periods in 2015. Interest expense decreased by $177,000, or 19.1%, and $574,000, or 19.8%, for the three and nine-month periods
when comparing both years, resulting in an $853,000, or 13.5% increase, and $987,000, or 5.2% increase, in net interest income
on an FTE basis for both periods. 

The following tables show a more detailed comparative analysis of
net interest income on an FTE basis for both the three-month and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016. They are shown with
all the major elements of the Corporation s balance sheet, which consists of interest earning and non-interest earning assets
and interest bearing and non-interest bearing liabilities. Additionally, the analysis provides the net interest spread and the
net yield on interest earning assets. The net interest spread is the difference between the yield on interest earning assets and
the interest rate paid on interest bearing liabilities. The net interest spread has the deficiency of not giving credit for the
non-interest bearing funds and capital used to fund a portion of the total interest earning assets. For this reason, Management
emphasizes the net yield on interest earning assets, also referred to as the net interest margin (NIM). The NIM is calculated by
dividing net interest income on an FTE basis into total average interest earning assets. The NIM is generally the benchmark used
by analysts to measure how efficiently a bank generates NII. 

36   

       Index    ENB FINANCIAL CORP  Management s Discussion and Analysis   

COMPARATIVE AVERAGE BALANCE SHEETS AND NET INTEREST INCOME 

 (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)     

(a) Includes balances
of nonaccrual loans and the recognition of any related interest income.  The quarter-to-date average balances include
net deferred loan costs of $863,000 as of September 30, 2016, and $544,000 as of September 30, 2015.  Such fees and
costs recognized through income and included in the interest amounts totaled ($99,000) in 2016, and ($58,000) in 2015. 

 (b) Net interest spread
is the arithmetic difference between the yield on interest earning assets and the rate paid on interest bearing liabilities. 

 (c) Net yield, also
referred to as net interest margin, is computed by dividing net interest income (FTE) by total interest earning assets. 

 (d) Securities recorded at amortized
cost.  Unrealized holding gains and losses are included in non-interest earning assets. 

37   

       Index    ENB FINANCIAL CORP  Management s Discussion and Analysis   

COMPARATIVE AVERAGE BALANCE SHEETS AND NET INTEREST INCOME 

 (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)      

(a) Includes balances
of nonaccrual loans and the recognition of any related interest income.  The year-to-date average balances include net
deferred loan costs of $796,000 as of September 30, 2015, and $496,000 as of September 30, 2015.  Such fees and costs
recognized through income and included in the interest amounts totaled ($275,000) in 2016, and ($153,000) in 2015. 

 (b) Net interest spread
is the arithmetic difference between the yield on interest earning assets and the rate paid on interest bearing liabilities. 

 (c) Net yield, also
referred to as net interest margin, is computed by dividing net interest income (FTE) by total interest earning assets. 

 (d) Securities recorded at amortized
cost.  Unrealized holding gains and losses are included in non-interest earning assets. 

38   

       Index    ENB FINANCIAL CORP  Management s Discussion and Analysis   

The Corporation s interest income increased and interest expense
decreased for the quarter-to-date period in 2016 compared to 2015 resulting in a higher NIM of 3.22% for the third quarter of 2016,
compared to 3.09% for the third quarter of 2015. For the year-to-date period, interest income did not increase as fast as earning
asset balances increased and the decrease in interest expense was not enough to offset the smaller increase in interest income,
resulting in a NIM of 3.04% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to 3.10% for the same period in 2015. The yield
earned on assets increased by one basis point for the quarter and decreased by 18 basis points for the year-to-date period while
the rate paid on liabilities dropped 15 basis points for both periods. Because the Corporation s interest-earning assets
are significantly larger than interest-bearing liabilities, there was a greater decline in interest income than interest expense
for the year-to-date period. Management does anticipate improvements in NIM during the remainder of 2016 without additional non-recurring
amortization events affecting the securities portfolio. Loan yields were at historically low levels during 2015 and in the first
nine months of 2016 due to the extended low-rate environment as well as extremely competitive pricing for the loan opportunities
in the market. It is anticipated that these yields will improve slightly throughout the remainder of 2016 and in 2017 as the economy
improves and loan demand increases, reducing pricing pressures and intense competition for loans. The growth in the loan portfolio
made up for the decrease in interest income due to lower yields. The Corporation s loan yield decreased eight basis points
in the third quarter of 2016 compared to the third quarter of 2015 and eight basis points when comparing the year-to-date periods
in both years. Despite the lower yields, the growth in the loan portfolio resulted in interest income on loans increasing $648,000,
or 12.7%, and $1,690,000, or 11.1%, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the same periods in 2015. 

Loan pricing was a challenge in 2015, and continues to be in 2016
as a result of intense competition resulting in fixed-rate loans being priced at very low levels and variable-rate loans priced
at the Prime rate or below. The Prime rate is generally lower than typical fixed-rate business and commercial loans, which typically
range between 3.50% and 5.50%, depending on term and credit risk. Management is able to price customers with higher levels of credit
risk at Prime plus pricing but these rates still average below the rates of the most typical five-year fixed rate loans. Additionally,
with the strong improvement to the credit quality of the Corporation s loan portfolio there are fewer opportunities to price
more credit risk into the loan rates. The Asset Liability Committee (ALCO) carefully monitors the NIM because it indicates trends
in net interest income, the Corporation s largest source of revenue. For more information on the plans and strategies in
place to protect the NIM and moderate the impact of rising rates, please refer to Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
about Market Risk. 

Earnings and yields on the Corporation s securities increased
by three basis points for the three months ended September 30, 2016, but decreased by 52 basis points for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016, compared to the same periods in 2015. The Corporation s securities portfolio consists of nearly all fixed
income debt instruments. The Corporation s taxable securities experienced a 24 basis-point decrease in yield for the three
months ended September 30, 2016, and a 114 basis-point decrease in yield for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared
to the same periods in 2015. This was largely due to the previously discussed accelerated amortization event that caused a significant
decline in interest income for the first nine months of 2016. Additionally, most security reinvestment in the past few years has
been occurring at lower rates and regular amortization has been higher in recent years due to the low interest rate environment.
These variables have caused taxable security yields to decline significantly. Meanwhile, the yield on tax-exempt securities increased
by four basis points for the third quarter of 2016, and 13 basis points for the year-to-date period compared to the same periods
in 2015. The yields on these tax-exempt municipal bonds are not as quick to follow changes in the U.S. Treasury rates. They have
been relatively stable despite movements in the 10-year U.S. Treasury from one year ago. As the 10-year U.S. Treasury rates declined,
the spreads available on these securities increased, resulting in similar yields. Management was also selling out of lower yielding
municipal bonds in an effort to improve overall municipal bond yield. 

In the current rate environment with short-term rates extremely
low and with small rate differences for longer-term deposits, the consumer is electing to stay short and maintain funds in accessible
deposit instruments. As a result, the customer prefers keeping balances in both non-interest and interest bearing checking products
and savings accounts. In addition to the consumer staying liquid with their available funds, there has been a general trend of
funds flowing from time deposit accounts into both non-interest checking, NOW and savings accounts. The average balance of the
Corporation s interest bearing liabilities increased during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. The average balance
of time deposits declined during this period compared to 2016, but the other areas of NOW, MMDA, and savings grew sufficiently
enough to compensate for the decline in time deposits, causing total interest bearing funds to increase. However, with more of
the interest bearing funds in the form of NOW, MMDA, and savings accounts the average interest rate paid on these instruments is
significantly less than what is paid on time deposits, resulting in less interest expense. 

39   

       Index    ENB FINANCIAL CORP  Management s Discussion and Analysis   

Interest expense on deposits declined by $105,000, or 17.1%, and
$330,000, or 17.4%, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the same periods in 2015. Demand and savings
deposits reprice in entirety whenever the offering rates are changed. This allows management to reduce interest costs rapidly;
however, it becomes difficult to continue to gain cost savings once offering rates decline to these historically low levels. The
annualized rate on interest bearing demand accounts was 0.15% for the three and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016, compared
to 0.18% for the prior year s periods. For the third quarter of 2016, the average balances of interest bearing demand deposits
increased by $31.6 million, or 19.7%, over the same period in 2015, while the average balance of savings accounts increased by
$24.5 million, or 17.3%. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the average balances of interest bearing demand deposits
increased by $25.6 million, or 16.2%, over the same period in 2015, while the average balance of savings accounts increased by
$21.4 million, or 15.4%. This increase in balances of lower cost accounts has helped to reduce the Corporation s overall
interest expense in 2016 compared to 2015. 

Time deposits reprice over time according to their maturity schedule.
This enables management to both reduce and increase rates slowly over time. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, time
deposit balances decreased compared to balances at September 30, 2015. The decrease can be attributed to the lowest rates paid
historically on time deposits, which has caused the differential between time deposit rates and rates on non-maturity deposits
to be minimal. As a result, customers have elected to keep more of their funds in non-maturity deposits and less funds in time
deposits. Because time deposits are the most expensive deposit product for the Corporation and the largest dollar expense from
a funding standpoint, the reduction in time deposits, along with the increases in interest-bearing checking, savings, and non-interest
bearing checking, has allowed the Corporation to achieve a lower cost and more balanced deposit funding position. The Corporation
was able to reduce interest expense on time deposits by $105,000, or 20.2%, for the third quarter of 2016, compared to the same
period in 2015, and by $327,000, or 20.1%, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the same period in 2015. Average
balances of time deposits decreased by $26.5 million, or 13.8%, for the three months ended September 30, 2016, and $25.7 million,
or 13.2%, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the same periods in 2015. The average annualized interest rate
paid on time deposits decreased by eight basis points for the three-month period and nine basis points for the nine-month period
when comparing both years. 

The Corporation historically uses both short-term and long-term
borrowings to supplement liquidity generated by deposit growth. Average short-term advances of $10,052,000 and $11,131,000 were
utilized in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, while average short-term advances of $8,915,000 and $7,779,000
were utilized in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015. Management has used long-term borrowings as part of an asset
liability strategy to lengthen liabilities rather than as a source of liquidity. Average total borrowings decreased by $805,000,
or 1.1%, and increased by $1.6 million, or 2.2%, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the same periods
in 2015. Interest expense on borrowed funds was $72,000, or 22.9% lower, and $244,000, or 24.5% lower, for the three and nine-month
periods when comparing 2016 to 2015, as a result of management refinancing maturing long-term advances to lower rates. 

For the quarter ended September 30, 2016, the net interest spread
increased 16 basis points to 3.06%, from 2.90% for the third quarter of 2015. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the
net interest spread decreased three basis points to 2.87%, from 2.90% for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The effect
of non-interest bearing funds dropped three basis points for the three and nine-month periods compared to the same periods in the
prior year. The effect of non-interest bearing funds refers to the benefit gained from deposits on which the Corporation does not
pay interest. As rates go lower, the benefit of non-interest bearing deposits is reduced because there is less difference between
non-interest bearing funds and interest bearing liabilities. For example, if an interest checking account with $10,000 earns 1%,
the benefit for $10,000 of non-interest bearing deposits is equivalent to $100; but if the interest checking rate is reduced to
0.20%, then the benefit of the non-interest bearing funds is only $20. This assumes dollar-for-dollar replacement, which is not
realistic, but demonstrates the way the lower cost of funds affects the benefit to non-interest bearing deposits. 

The Asset Liability Committee (ALCO) carefully monitors the NIM
because it indicates trends in net interest income, the Corporation s largest source of revenue. For more information on
the plans and strategies in place to protect the NIM and moderate the impact of rising rates, refer to Item 7A: Quantitative and
Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 

40   

       Index    ENB FINANCIAL CORP  Management s Discussion and Analysis   

Provision for Loan Losses  

The allowance for loan losses (ALLL) provides for losses inherent
in the loan portfolio as determined by a quarterly analysis and calculation of various factors related to the loan portfolio. The
amount of the provision reflects the adjustment management determines necessary to ensure the ALLL is adequate to cover any losses
inherent in the loan portfolio. The Corporation recorded a provision expense of $200,000 for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016, compared to a credit provision of $150,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2015, and provision expense of $150,000
for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The analysis of the ALLL takes into consideration, among other things, the following
factors: 

levels and trends in delinquencies, nonaccruals, charge-offs and recoveries,  

trends within the loan portfolio,   

changes in lending policies and procedures,   

experience of lending personnel and management oversight,   

national and local economic trends,   

concentrations of credit,   

external factors such as legal and regulatory requirements,   

changes in the quality of loan review and board oversight, and   

changes in the value of underlying collateral.   

Increased loan growth required more provision
expense for both periods in 2016, however the increase was limited due to $157,000 of net recoveries in the first nine months of
2016, compared to $185,000 of net charge-offs for the same period in 2015. 

During the first nine months of 2015, due to increased
charge-offs which resulted in higher historical loss factors as well as significant loan portfolio growth, the Corporation
recorded a provision expense of $150,000 to bring the allowance to requisite levels. Management closely tracks delinquent,
non-performing, and classified loans as a percentage of capital and of the loan portfolio. 

As of September 30, 2016, total delinquencies represented
0.45% of total loans, compared to 0.49% as of September 30, 2015. These ratios are extremely low compared to local and
national peer groups. The vast majority of the Corporation s loan customers have remained very steadfast in making
their loan payments and avoiding delinquency, even during challenging economic conditions. The delinquency ratios speak to
the long-term health, conservative nature, and, importantly, the character of the Corporation s customers and lending
practices. Classified loans are primarily determined by loan-to-value and debt-to-income ratios. The prolonged economic
downturn, including devaluation of residential and commercial real estate, had stressed these ratios in past periods.
Valuations have recently shown improvements and the levels of classified loans have declined significantly, well below levels
experienced in years prior to 2013. The delinquency and classified loan information is utilized in the quarterly ALLL
calculation, which directly affects the provision expense. A sharp increase or decrease in delinquencies and/or classified
loans during the quarter would be cause for management to increase or decrease the provision expense. The level of actual
charge-offs relative to the amount of recoveries can also have a significant impact on the provision. Management had
recoveries that exceeded charge-offs by $157,00 in the first nine months of 2016. 

Generally, management will evaluate and adjust, if necessary, the
provision expense each quarter based upon completion of the quarterly ALLL calculation. Future provision amounts will generally
depend on the amount of loan growth achieved versus levels of delinquent, non-performing, and classified loans, as well as charge-offs
and recoveries. 

In addition to the above, provision expense is impacted by three
major components that are all included in the quarterly calculation of the ALLL. First, specific allocations are made for any loans
where management has determined an exposure that needs to be provided for. These specific allocations are reviewed each quarter
to determine if adjustments need to be made. It is common for specific allocations to be reduced as additional principal payments
are made, so while some specific allocations are being added, others are being reduced. Second, management provides for estimated
losses on pools of similar loans based on historical loss experience. Finally, management utilizes qualitative factors every quarter
to adjust historical loss experience to take into consideration the current trends in loan volume, delinquencies, charge-offs,
changes in lending practices, and the quality of the Corporation s underwriting, credit analysis, lending staff, and Board
oversight.  National and local economic trends and conditions are also
helpful to determine the amount of loan loss allowance the Corporation should be carrying on the various types of loans. Management
evaluates and adjusts, if necessary, the qualitative factors on a quarterly basis.  

41   

       Index    ENB FINANCIAL CORP  Management s Discussion and Analysis   

In the
first nine months of 2016, qualitative factors were adjusted based on current information regarding delinquency, economic conditions,
and other factors.  Changes in qualitative factors were unchanged for two loan pools, while they increased for six pools
and declined for one . Adjustments to the qualitative factors were minor
in nature.  

Management also monitors the allowance as a percentage of total
loans. The percentage of the allowance to total loans has decreased since September 30, 2015 and December 31, 2015, but remains
comparable with the peer group. As of September 30, 2016, the allowance as a percentage of total loans was 1.31%, down from 1.36%
at December 31, 2015, and 1.44% at September 30, 2015. Management continues to evaluate the allowance for loan losses in relation
to the size of the loan portfolio and changes to the segments within the loan portfolio and their associated credit risk. Management
believes the allowance for loan losses is adequate to provide for future loan losses based on the current portfolio and the current
economic environment. More detail is provided under Allowance for Loan Losses in the Financial Condition section that follows. 

Other Income  

Other income for the third quarter of 2016 was $2,828,000, an increase
of $486,000, or 20.8%, compared to the $2,342,000 earned during the third quarter of 2015. For the year-to-date period ended September
30, 2016, other income totaled $8,566,000, an increase of $1,629,000, or 23.5%, compared to the same period in 2015. The following
tables detail the categories that comprise other income. 

42   

       Index    ENB FINANCIAL CORP  Management s Discussion and Analysis   

OTHER INCOME 

 (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)         

OTHER INCOME 

 (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)        

Trust and investment services income increased $94,000, or 37.6%, and $183,000, or 19.9%, for the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the same periods last year. This revenue consists of income
from traditional trust services and income from alternative investment services provided through a third party. In the
third quarter of 2016, traditional trust income increased by $82,000, or 51.4%, while income from alternative investments
increased by $12,000, or 13.3%, compared to the third quarter of 2015. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016,
traditional trust services income increased by $131,000, or 21.2%, while income from alternative investment services
increased by $52,000, or 17.0%, compared to the same period in 2015. Trust income was up for both periods as a result of both
higher fees and higher valuations for trust assets under management. Investment services income is dependent on new investment activity
derived from the period and was up for both the three-month and nine-month periods in both years. The trust and investment
services area continues to be an area of strategic focus for the Corporation. Management believes there is a great need for
retirement, estate, small business planning, and personal investment services in the Corporation s service area.
Management also sees these services as being a necessary part of a comprehensive line of financial solutions across the
organization. 

43   

       Index    ENB FINANCIAL CORP  Management s Discussion and Analysis   

Other service charges and fees increased by $48,000, or 18.8%, and
$212,000, or 34.6%, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the same periods in 2015. The quarterly
and year-to-date increase is primarily due to an increase in loan administration fees that were higher by $21,000, or 25.3%, for
the three-month period ended September 30, 2016, and $76,000, or 38.0%, for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016, compared
to the same periods in the prior year. A significant increase in mortgage volume is being generated through the mortgage expansion
and was the primary reason for these increased fees. Fees for 30-year mortgage originations increased by $9,000, or 14.5%, and
$91,000, or 92.0%, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the same periods in 2015. The other service charges and fees area is expected
to continue to grow at a faster pace than other elements of the Corporation s fees but the percentage increase will decline
going forward. The large increase in this area was primarily a function of mortgage activity being strong in the first nine months
of 2016, compared to a weaker prior year s period that was early on in the mortgage department expansion. As mortgage volume
numbers increase, the percentage increases will decline. Various other fee income categories increased or decreased to lesser degrees
making up the remainder of the variance compared to the prior year. 

Commissions increased by $32,000, or 6.2%, and $123,000, or 8.3%,
for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the same periods in 2015. This was primarily caused by debit
card interchange income, which increased by $29,000, or 6.4%, and $80,000, or 6.0%, for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016, compared to the same periods in 2015. The interchange income is a direct result of the volume of debit card transactions
processed and this income increases as customer accounts increase or as customers utilize their debit cards to a higher degree.
Additionally, commissions from Bankers Settlement Services were comparable for the quarter-to-date periods in both years, but increased
by $38,000, or 162.7%, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the same period in 2015. 

For the three months ended September 30, 2016, $464,000 of gains
on securities transactions were recorded compared to $529,000 for the same period in 2015, a decrease of $65,000, or 12.3%. For
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, $2,130,000 of gains on securities transactions were recorded compared to $1,690,000 for
the nine months ended September 30, 2015, an increase of $440,000, or 26.0%. Gains or losses on securities transactions fluctuate
based on market opportunities to take gains and reposition the securities portfolio to improve long-term earnings, or as part of
management s asset liability goals to improve liquidity or reduce interest rate risk or fair value risk. The gains or losses
recorded by the Corporation depend heavily on market pricing and the volume of security sales. Generally, the lower U.S. Treasury
yields go, the more management will be motivated to pursue taking gains from the sale of securities. However, these market opportunities
are evaluated subject to the Corporation s other asset liability measurements and goals. The yield curve in the first nine
months of 2016 and 2015 provided opportunities to take significant gains out of the portfolio and the gains in 2016 were higher
than those recorded in the first nine months of 2015. Management also executed more gains in the first nine months of 2016 primarily
to help offset the non-recurring Sub-U.S. Agency amortization of $1,681,000. Market timing was favorable as the bond market was
stronger in price with loan growth also strong, so management did not have to reinvest a significant amount of the proceeds from
the sale of securities. 

Gains on the sale of mortgages were $557,000 for the three-month
period ended September 30, 2016, compared to $226,000 for the same period in 2015, a $331,000, or 146.5% increase. Gains on the
sale of mortgages for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, increased by $494,000, or 80.3%, compared to the same period in
2015. Secondary mortgage financing activity drives the gains on the sale of mortgages, and the activity in the first nine months
of 2016 was at increased levels due to the focus on the mortgage area as well as low mortgage rates. Market rates were significantly
higher in the first nine months of 2015, namely due to the fact that the 10-year U.S. Treasury, which provides general guidance
for mortgage pricing, averaged 2.12% compared to 1.74% in the first nine months of 2016. Management anticipates that gains should
continue at these higher levels throughout 2016 with the continued increased focus to grow the Corporation s mortgage origination
activity and the current very low level of market interest rates. 

For the three months ended September 30, 2016, earnings on bank-owned
life insurance (BOLI) increased by $14,000, or 7.1%, and for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, earnings on BOLI increased
by $74,000, or 14.0%, compared to the same periods in 2015. This was due to an additional investment of $2.5 million made in BOLI
in May of 2015, covering new officers hired since the previous BOLI investment. The amount of BOLI income is dependent upon the
actual return of the policies, the insurance cost components, and any benefits paid upon death that exceed the policy s cash
surrender value. Increases in cash surrender value are a function of the return of the policy net of all expenses. 

44   

       Index    ENB FINANCIAL CORP  Management s Discussion and Analysis   

The miscellaneous income category increased by $24,000, or 27.3%,
for the three months ended September 30, 2016, and $90,000, or 32.8%, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to
the same periods in 2015. For the quarter-to-date period, income of $17,000 was recorded in 2016 to reduce the provision for off
balance sheet credit losses with no income recorded for the quarter-to-date period in 2015. For the year-to-date period, income
of $106,000 was recorded in 2016 compared to income of $36,000 in 2015 to reduce the provision for off balance sheet credit losses.
There were no losses on the sale of OREO for the three or nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to losses of $10,000 and
$30,000 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

Operating Expenses 

Operating expenses for the third quarter of 2016 were $6,748,000,
an increase of $658,000, or 10.8%, compared to the $6,090,000 for the third quarter of 2015. For the year-to-date period ended
September 30, 2016, operating expenses totaled $19,942,000, an increase of $1,515,000, or 8.2%, compared to the same period in
2015. The following tables provide details of the Corporation s operating expenses for the three and nine-month periods ended
September 30, 2016, compared to the same periods in 2015. 

OPERATING EXPENSES 

 (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS) 

OPERATING EXPENSES 

 (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS) 

Salaries and employee benefits are the largest category of
operating expenses. In general, they comprise 61% of the Corporation s total operating expenses. For the three months
ended September 30, 2016, salaries and benefits increased $540,000, or 14.7%, from the same period in 2015. For the nine
months ended September 30, 2016, salaries and benefits increased $1,175,000, or 10.6%, compared to the nine months ended
September 30, 2015. Salaries increased by $438,000, or 15.9%, and employee benefits increased by $102,000, or 11.2%, for the
three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the same period in 2015. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016,
salary expense increased by $893,000, or 10.9%, while employee benefits increased by $282,000, or 9.8%, compared to the nine
months ended September 30, 2015. Salary and benefit expenses are growing because of the expansion of the branch network as
well as the mortgage and commercial lending departments and other support positions within the bank. The Corporation opened a
full-service office in Morgantown, PA in June of 2016 and a drive through/walk-up office in Georgetown, PA in September of
2016. The opening of these two offices increased the Corporation s branch network from ten branches to twelve.
Additional lenders and support staff have been added to cover this expanded market area. 

45   

       Index    ENB FINANCIAL CORP  Management s Discussion and Analysis   

Occupancy expenses consist of the following: 

Depreciation of bank buildings   

Real estate taxes and property insurance   

Building lease expense   

Utilities   

Building repair and maintenance   

Occupancy expenses increased $47,000, or 9.3%, and decreased $2,000,
or 0.1%, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the same periods in the prior year. Utilities costs
increased by $12,000, or 8.1%, and decreased by $2,000, or 0.5%, when comparing the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016,
to the same periods in the prior year. Building repair and maintenance costs increased by $10,000, or 28.0%, and $13,000, or 15.4%,
for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the same periods in 2015. Landscaping expenses increased by
$10,000, or 43.1%, and $26,000, or 43.1%, for the quarter and year-to-date periods when comparing 2016 to 2015. Cleaning services
expense decreased $4,000, or 11.7%, and $21,000, or 21.1%, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to
the same periods in 2015. Other categories of occupancy expenses increased or decreased to lesser degrees making up the remainder
of the variance. 

Equipment expenses decreased by $7,000, or 2.5%, and $38,000, or
4.5%, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the same periods in 2015. Furniture and equipment depreciation
costs decreased by $19,000, or 9.5%, and $29,000, or 4.9%, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to
the same periods in the prior year. Equipment service contract expenses increased by $3,000, or 5.9%, for the three-month period,
and decreased by $7,000, or 3.7%, for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016, compared to the same periods in 2015. 

Advertising and marketing expenses increased by $24,000, or 25.0%,
and $10,000, or 2.4%, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the same periods in 2015. These expenses
can be further broken down into two categories, marketing expenses and public relations. The marketing expenses increased by $20,000,
or 30.6%, for the three months ended September 30, 2016, but decreased by $25,000, or 8.7%, for the nine months ended September
30, 2016, compared to the same periods in the prior year. Public relations expenses increased by $4,000, or 12.3%, and $34,000,
or 27.8%, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the same periods in 2015. Marketing expenses support
the overall business strategies of the Corporation; therefore, the timing of these expenses is highly dependent upon the execution
of those strategies. 

Computer software and data processing expenses increased by $64,000,
or 15.7%, for the first quarter of 2016, and $180,000, or 15.5%, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the
same periods in 2015. Software-related expenses were up $68,000, or 36.5%, and $178,000, or 32.5%, for the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016, compared to the same periods in the prior year, primarily as a result of increased amortization on existing
software as well as purchases of new software platforms to support the strategic initiatives of the Corporation. These fees are
likely to continue to increase throughout the remainder of 2016 as new software platforms are installed and the cost of annual
maintenance contracts increases. 

The Pennsylvania Bank shares tax expense increased $32,000, or 16.4%,
and $94,000, or 16.0%, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the same periods in 2015. Two main factors
determine the amount of bank shares tax: the ending value of shareholders  equity and the ending value of tax-exempt U.S.
obligations, calculated on a quarter ending basis. The shares tax calculation in 2014 changed to using a year-end balance of shareholders 
equity, less tax-exempt U.S. obligations multiplied by a tax rate of 0.89%. The tax rate was 1.25% in 2013 and prior years, resulting
in a lower tax amount. However, as a result of the most recent Pennsylvania budget, that tax rate will be increased to 0.95% effective
for years beginning in 2016 forward, so management elected to change our tax accrual in the first quarter of 2016 causing the increase
over the prior year s periods. 

46   

       Index    ENB FINANCIAL CORP  Management s Discussion and Analysis   

Professional services expense increased $58,000, or 18.0%, and
$130,000, or 12.1%, for the three and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016, compared to the same periods in 2015.
These services include accounting and auditing fees, legal fees, and fees for other third-party services. Trust department
processing fees increased by $7,000 and $56,000, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the same
periods in the prior year. Shareholder expenses were $22,000 higher for the third quarter of 2016 compared to the prior
year s period while year-to-date expense was only up $11,000. Legal fees were $18,000 higher for the third quarter of
2016, compared to the same period of 2015, however unchanged for the year-to-date period. Courier services increased by
$7,000, or 102.4%, and $8,000, or 42.2%, for the three and  nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the same
periods in 2015 as a result of courier services provided to customers in our new branch communities. Other outside service
fees did not change materially for the quarter-to-date periods, but increased by $27,000, or 5.9%, for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016, compared to the year-to-date period in 2015. Several other professional services expenses increased or
decreased slightly making up the remainder of the variance. 

Other operating expenses decreased by $100,000, or 16.7%, and by
$34,000, or 2.0%, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 respectively, compared to the same periods in 2015. The
expense to adjust the provision for off balance sheet credit losses was $111,000 in the third quarter of 2015 representing the
year-to-date amount as well with no similar expense in the third quarter of 2016, and only $22,000 of expense for the year-to-date
period ended September 30, 2016, representing lower expenses in 2016 compared to 2015. General insurance costs decreased $12,000,
or 25.9%, and $27,000, or 21.0%, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the same periods in the prior
year. Partially offsetting these decreases, delinquent loan expenses were higher by $19,000 for the quarter and $44,000 for the
year-to-date period when comparing both years. Expenses for operating supplies were comparable for the quarter-to-date periods,
but higher by $18,000, or 11.5%, for the year-to-date period ended September 30, 2016, compared to the prior year. 

Income Taxes  

The majority of the Corporation s income is taxed at a corporate
rate of 34% for Federal income tax purposes. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Corporation recorded Federal
income tax expense of $445,000 and $1,045,000, compared to tax expense of $382,000 and $903,000 for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2015. Certain items of income are not subject to Federal income tax, such as tax-exempt interest income on loans
and securities, and BOLI income; therefore, the effective income tax rate for the Corporation is lower than the stated tax rate.
The effective tax rate is calculated by dividing the Corporation s provision for Federal income taxes on the Consolidated
Statements of Income by the income before income taxes for the applicable period. 

The effective tax rate for the Corporation was 17.6% for the three
months ended September 30, 2016, and 15.6% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to 17.1% and 15.5% for the same
periods in 2015. The Corporation s effective tax rate has historically been maintained at low levels primarily due to a relatively
high level of tax-free municipal bonds held in the securities portfolio. The fluctuation of the effective tax rate will occur as
a result of total tax-free revenue as a percentage of total revenue. 

The Corporation is also subject to Pennsylvania Corporate Net Income
Tax; however, the Corporation s Holding Company has very limited taxable corporate net income activities. The Corporation s
wholly owned subsidiary, Ephrata National Bank, is subject to Pennsylvania Bank Shares Tax. Like Federal Corporate income tax,
the Pennsylvania Bank Shares Tax is a significant expense for the Corporation, amounting to $227,000 in the third quarter of 2016
and $680,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $195,000 and $586,000 for the same periods in 2015. The
Bank Shares Tax expense appears on the Corporation s Consolidated Statements of Income, under operating expenses. 

47   

       Index    ENB FINANCIAL CORP  Management s Discussion and Analysis   

Financial Condition  

Securities Available for Sale  

The Corporation classifies all of its securities as available for
sale and reports the portfolio at fair value. As of September 30, 2016, the Corporation had $298.1 million of securities available
for sale, which accounted for 30.7% of assets, compared to 32.0% as of December 31, 2015, and 32.2% as of September 30, 2015. Based
on ending balances, the securities portfolio increased 7.1% from September 30, 2015, and 3.0% from December 31, 2015. 

The securities portfolio was showing a net unrealized gain of $1,850,000
as of September 30, 2016, compared to an unrealized loss of $382,000 as of December 31, 2015, and an unrealized gain of $720,000
as of September 30, 2015. The valuation of the Corporation s securities portfolio, predominately debt securities, is impacted
by both the U.S. Treasury rates and the perceived forward direction of interest rates. The 10-year U.S. Treasury yield was 2.06%
as of September 30, 2015, 2.27% as of December 31, 2015, and declined throughout the first nine months of 2016 to 1.60% as of September
30, 2016. The lower Treasury rates have caused an improvement in market valuation, which has resulted in the unrealized gain recorded
at September 30, 2016, compared to unrealized losses at December 31, 2015 and smaller unrealized gains as of September 30, 2015. 

The table below summarizes the Corporation s cost, unrealized
gain or loss position, and fair value for each sector of the securities available for sale portfolio for the periods ended September
30, 2016, December 31, 2015, and September 30, 2015. 

AMORTIZED COST AND FAIR VALUE OF SECURITIES HELD 

 (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)       

48   

       Index    ENB FINANCIAL CORP  Management s Discussion and Analysis   

Interest rate changes and the perceived forward direction of interest
rates generally have a close relationship to the valuation of the Corporation s fixed income securities portfolio. There
are also a number of other market factors that impact bond prices. In terms of the likelihood of interest rate changes, it is possible
the Federal Reserve may still act to increase rates in late 2016. During 2016, there was increased foreign market turmoil with
several major European countries experiencing negative yields for mid and longer term notes. This resulted in foreign investors
seeking U.S. Treasury debt as a safe haven and drove U.S. Treasury yields to new record lows early in the third quarter of 2016.
Treasury rates have increased from those record lows, but are still low based on historical data. This makes it more likely that
U.S. Treasury rates could experience an increase going forward. Beyond interest rate movements, there are also a number of other
factors that influence bond pricing including regulatory changes, financial performance of issuers, changes to credit rating or
insurers of bonds, changes in market perception of certain classes of securities, and many more. Management monitors the changes
in interest rates and other market influences to assist in management of the securities portfolio. 

Any material increase in market interest rates would have a negative
impact on the Corporation s debt securities. The impact will vary according to the length and structure of each sector. The
Federal Reserve increased the Fed funds rate by 25 basis points in December of 2015 but it is not known when the Federal Reserve
will act to increase the Fed funds rate again. The increase in December did not result in higher mid and long-term Treasury rates,
but actually resulted in lower rates and a flatter yield curve. While management is planning for mid-term and long-term interest
rates to increase late in 2016, it is possible they would not increase to the same magnitude that short-term rates will increase
resulting in an even flatter yield curve. With the 10-year U.S. Treasury yield at 1.60% as of September 30, 2016, any significant
increase in this rate would have a negative impact on the Corporation s obligations of states and political subdivisions,
referred to as municipal bonds. The municipal bond sector is the largest of the portfolio and, as a result, management will closely
monitor the 10-year U.S. Treasury yield due to its impact on these securities. The other sectors of the portfolio have shorter
lives and duration and would be more influenced by the 2-year and 5-year U.S. Treasury rates. It is anticipated that the current
unrealized gains will dissipate and unrealized losses will be incurred when market rates do begin to increase, either in anticipation
of a Federal Reserve rate move, or after the next Federal rate move. 

Management had been reducing portfolio effective duration steadily
since the end of 2013, with levels hitting most recent lows on June 30, 2016. Effective duration is a measurement of the length
of the securities portfolio with a higher level indicating more length and more exposure to an increase in interest rates. The
securities portfolio base case effective duration was as high as 4.0 as of September 30, 2013, but declined to 2.8 as of June 30,
2016. Since then it has increased slightly to 3.0 as of September 30, 2016. Duration is expected to remain stable throughout the
remainder of 2016. It will be more difficult to reduce duration materially in 2016 since management has increased the percentage
of municipal holdings in the portfolio. While the percentage of longer duration municipal bonds has grown, the types of new municipal
bond instruments being purchased generally have better rates-up performance than those municipal bonds being sold. Therefore, the
same duration can be maintained despite a higher element of municipal securities. Management also continues to utilize lower duration
corporate bonds to offset the duration of the longer municipal bonds. 

Management s actions to maintain reasonable effective duration
of the securities portfolio are part of a broader asset liability plan to continually work to mitigate future interest rate risk
and fair value risk to the Corporation. Part of that strategy is to retain higher levels of cash and cash equivalents to increase
liquidity and provide an immediate hedge against higher interest rates and fair value risk. However, despite taking actions to
mitigate the Corporation s future risk, these risks are inherent to the banking model. Unrealized gains and losses on securities
will vary significantly according to market forces. Management s focus will continue to be on the long-term performance of
these securities. While management has and will continue to take gains from the portfolio when opportunities exist, the broader
securities strategy remains to buy and hold debt securities until maturity. If and when market interest rates do begin to rise,
management expects gains from the sales of securities to decline significantly. 

49   

       Index    ENB FINANCIAL CORP  Management s Discussion and Analysis   

The Corporation typically invests excess liquidity into securities,
primarily fixed-income bonds. The securities portfolio provides interest and dividend income to supplement the interest income
on loans. Additionally, the securities portfolio assists in the management of both liquidity risk and interest rate risk. In order
to provide maximum flexibility for management of liquidity and interest rate risk, the securities portfolio is classified as available
for sale and reported at fair value. Management adjusts the value of all the Corporation s securities on a monthly basis
to fair market value as determined in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles .   Management has the
ability and intent to hold all debt securities until maturity, and does not generally record impairment on bonds that are currently
valued below book value. In addition to the fixed-income bonds, the Corporation s equity holdings consist of a small CRA-qualified
mutual fund with a book value of $5.0 million. The CRA fund is a Small Business Association (SBA) variable rate fund with a stable
dollar price. The Corporation also has a small portfolio of bank stocks with a book value of $835,000 and fair market value of
$957,000 as of September 30, 2016. These two equity holdings make up 2.0% of the Corporation s securities available for sale. 

All securities, bonds, and equity holdings are evaluated for impairment
on a quarterly basis. Should any impairment occur, management would write down the security to a fair market value in accordance
with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, with the amount of the write down recorded as a loss on securities. 

Each quarter, management sets portfolio allocation guidelines and
adjusts the security portfolio strategy generally based on the following factors: 

ALCO positions as to liquidity, credit risk, interest rate risk, and fair value risk   

Growth of the loan portfolio   

Slope of the U.S. Treasury curve   

Relative performance of the various instruments, including spread to U.S. Treasuries   

Duration and average length of the portfolio   

Volatility of the portfolio   

Direction of interest rates   

Economic factors impacting debt securities   

The investment policy of the Corporation imposes guidelines to ensure
diversification within the portfolio. The diversity specifications provide opportunities to shorten or lengthen duration, maximize
yield, and mitigate credit risk. The composition of the securities portfolio based on fair market value is shown in the following
table. 

SECURITIES PORTFOLIO 

 (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)           

The largest movements within the securities portfolio were shaped
by market factors, such as: 

slope of the U.S. Treasury curve and projected forward rates   

50   

       Index    ENB FINANCIAL CORP  Management s Discussion and Analysis   

interest spread versus U.S. Treasury rates on the various securities   

pricing of the instruments, including supply and demand for the product   

structure of the instruments, including duration and average life   

portfolio weightings versus policy guidelines   

prepayment speeds on mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations   

risk-based capital considerations   

Federal income tax considerations with regard to obligations of states and political subdivisions.   

Since September of 2015, the most significant change occurring within
the Corporation s securities portfolio was an increase in U.S. government agency, U.S. agency mortgage-backed securities
(MBS), and obligations of states and political subdivisions with a partially offsetting decrease in U.S. agency collateralized
mortgage obligations (CMO) and corporate debt securities. 

The Corporation s U.S. government agency sector increased
by $7.6 million, or 30.1%, since September 30, 2015, with the weighting increased from 9.1% of the portfolio to 11.1%. In the past,
management s goal was to maintain agency securities at approximately 15% of the securities portfolio. In the currently very
low rate environment, management is comfortable maintaining agencies at a level of 10-12% of the portfolio. This sector is also
important in maintaining adequate risk weightings of the portfolio, to ensure sufficient U.S. government securities for pledging
purposes, and importantly to ladder out a schedule of agency and corporate maturities over the next 5 years to avoid any concentration
of maturities. Next to U.S. Treasuries, U.S. agencies are viewed as the safest instruments and are considered by management as
a foundational portion of the portfolio. 

The Corporation s U.S. agency MBS and CMO sectors have remained
stable in total since September 30, 2015, but the weightings have changed with more MBS and fewer CMOs as of September 30, 2016,
compared to September 30, 2015. These two security types both consist of mortgage instruments that pay monthly interest and principal,
however the behavior of the two types vary according to the structure of the mortgage pool or CMO instrument. Management desires
to maintain a substantial amount of MBS and CMOs in order to assist in adding to and maintaining a stable five-year ladder of cash
flows, which is important in providing stable liquidity and interest rate risk positions. Unlike the typical U.S. agency paper,
corporate bonds, and obligations of states and political subdivisions, which only pay principal at final maturity, the U.S. agency
MBS and CMO securities pay contractual monthly principal and interest, but are also subject to additional prepayment of principal.
The combined effect of all of these instruments paying monthly principal and interest provides the Corporation with a significant
and reasonably stable cash flow. Cash flows coming off of MBS and CMOs do slow down and speed up as interest rates increase or
decrease, which has an impact on the portfolio s length and yield. As interest rates decline, prepayment of principal on
securities increases, the duration of the security shortens, and the yield declines as more amortization is required on premium
bonds. When interest rates increase, the opposite of this occurs. Despite the fluctuations that occur in terms of monthly cash
flow as a result of changing prepayment speeds, the monthly cash flow generated by U.S. agency MBS and CMO securities is reasonably
stable and as a group is significant, and helps to soften or smooth out the Corporation s total monthly cash flow from all
securities. 

As of September 30, 2016, the fair value of the Corporation s
corporate bonds decreased by $6.5 million, or 10.7%, from balances at September 30, 2015, and $9.4 million, or 14.8%, from the
balances at December 31, 2015. This decrease was primarily caused by the CoBank regulatory call that occurred on April 15, 2016,
and AgriBank regulatory call that occurred on July 15, 2016. These sub U.S. Agency bonds were classified as corporate securities
due to their ratings and lower credit position relative to the primary U.S Agencies. The combined impact of these calls was a $12.9
million reduction in book value of these bonds since September 30, 2015. As of September 30, 2016, all CoBank and AgriBank bonds
were called and no book value remained in the Corporation s securities portfolio. 

Like any security, corporate bonds have both positive and negative
qualities and management must evaluate these securities on a risk versus reward basis. Corporate bonds add diversity to the portfolio
and provide strong yields for short maturities; however, by their very nature, corporate bonds carry a high level of credit risk
should the entity experience financial difficulties. Management stands to possibly lose the entire principal amount if the entity
that issued the corporate paper fails. As a result of the higher level of credit risk taken by purchasing a corporate bond, management
has in place procedures to closely analyze the financial health of the company as well as policy guidelines. The guidelines include
both maximum investment by issuer and minimal credit ratings that must be met in order for management to purchase a corporate bond.
Financial analysis is conducted prior to every corporate bond purchase with ongoing monitoring performed on all securities held. 

51   

       Index    ENB FINANCIAL CORP  Management s Discussion and Analysis   

Obligations of states and political subdivisions, or municipal bonds,
are tax-free securities that generally provide the highest yield in the securities portfolio. They also carry the longest duration
on average of any instrument in the securities portfolio. In the prolonged period of historically low interest rates, the municipal
bond sector has far outperformed all other sectors of the portfolio. Municipal tax-equivalent yields generally start well above
other taxable bonds and these instruments experience significant fair market value gains when interest rates are low and market
value losses when interest rates are higher. Due to purchases, the fair market value of municipal holdings has increased by $18.9
million, or 18.7%, from September 30, 2015 to September 30, 2016. Municipal bonds represented 40.2% of the securities portfolio
as of September 30, 2016, compared to 36.3% as of September 30, 2015. The Corporation s investment policy limits municipal
holdings to 125% of Tier 2 capital. As of September 30, 2016, municipal holdings amounted to 113% of Tier 2 capital. 

By policy, management is to identify and recommend whether to hold
or sell securities with credit ratings that have fallen below minimum policy credit ratings required at the time of purchase, or
below investment grade. Management monitors the security ratings on a monthly basis and reviews quarterly with the Board of Directors.
Management, with Board approval, determines whether it is in the Corporation s best interest to continue to hold any security
that has fallen below policy guidelines or below investment grade based on the expectation of recovery of market value or improved
performance. At this time management has elected, and the Board has approved, holding securities that have fallen below initial
policy guidelines or investment grade. Presently, management and the Board continue to hold four corporate bond instruments with
Moody s and S P ratings below management s initial purchase policy guidelines but still investment grade. These
four bonds have a book value of $7.9 million with a small unrealized gain of $17,000 as of September 30, 2016. In addition, there
are eight corporate bond instruments that have split ratings with the highest rating single A and the lower rating triple B. As
such, all of these eight securities have one rating within the Corporation s initial purchase policy guidelines and one rating
outside of management guidelines, but all are still investment grade. The eight bonds have a book value of $14.8 million with a
$71,000 unrealized gain as of September 30, 2016. Management conducts ongoing monitoring of these bonds with the Board approving
holding these securities on a quarterly basis. Currently, there are no indications that any of these bonds would discontinue contractual
payments. 

As of September 30, 2016, only nine of the thirty-two corporate
securities held by the Corporation showed an unrealized holding loss. These securities with unrealized holding losses were valued
at 99.6% of book value. The Corporation s investment policy requires that corporate bonds have a minimum credit rating of
A3 by Moody s or A- by S P or Fitch at the time of purchase, or an average or composite rating of A-. As of September
30, 2016, all but four of the corporate bonds had at least one A3 or A- rating by one of the two predominate credit rating services,
Moody s and S P. The four unrelated corporate bonds, with a total book value of $7.9 million, did not have an A3 or A-
rating as of September 30, 2016. These bonds were both rated Moody s Baa1 and S P BBB+, which are two levels above the
minimum required to be considered investment grade. Management conducts ongoing monitoring of these bonds and has chosen to continue
to hold these bonds with board approval. 

The Corporation s investment policy requires that municipal
bonds not carrying insurance have a minimum credit rating of A3 by Moody s or A- by S P or Fitch at the time of purchase.
As of September 30, 2016, no municipal bonds carried a credit rating under these levels. 

In the current environment, the major rating services have tightened
their credit underwriting procedures and are more apt to downgrade municipalities. Additionally, the prolonged weak economy has
reduced revenue streams for many municipalities and has called into question the basic premise that municipalities have unlimited
power to tax, i.e. the ability to raise taxes to compensate for revenue shortfalls. As a result of this environment, management
utilizes several municipal surveillance reports and engages a third party to perform enhanced municipal credit evaluation. Management
will typically sell municipal securities if negative trends in financial performance are found and/or ratings have declined to
levels deemed unacceptable. As a result of the above monitoring and actions taken to proactively sell weaker municipal credits,
the Corporation s entire municipal bond portfolio consists of investment grade credits. 

The entire securities portfolio is reviewed monthly for credit risk
and evaluated quarterly for possible impairment. The Corporation s municipal and corporate bonds present the largest credit
risk and highest likelihood for any possible impairment. Due to the ability for corporate credit situations to change rapidly and
the continued weak economic conditions impacting municipalities, management is closely monitoring all corporate and municipal securities. 

52   

       Index    ENB FINANCIAL CORP  Management s Discussion and Analysis   

Loans   

Net loans outstanding increased by 14.3%, to $566.0 million
at September 30, 2016, from $495.0 million at September 30, 2015. Net loans increased by 8.8%, an annualized rate of 11.7%,
from December 31, 2015 to September 30, 2016. The faster growth rates for loans is attributed to new business gained by
the Corporation as a result of the significant market disruption that is occurring in our service area, the continued focus
on agricultural lending, the growth of our branch network, the expansion of the mortgage area, and enhanced consumer
loan products like the HomeLine as described below. The following table shows the composition of the loan portfolio as of
September 30, 2016, December 31, 2015, and September 30, 2015. 

LOANS BY MAJOR CATEGORY 

 (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)               

While there was significant growth in the loan portfolio from both
September 30, 2015 and December 31, 2015, the four broad loan categories have remained very consistent as a percentage of the entire
loan portfolio. Each of the four broad categories grew by double digit percentages from September 30, 2015 to September 30, 2016
with the majority of the increases coming through agriculture mortgages, commercial construction loans, 1-4 family residential
mortgages, home equity lines of credit, and commercial and industrial loans. Agricultural lending has been an area of increased
focus for the Corporation. The agricultural sector of the local economy has recovered much quicker than other elements such as
construction, manufacturing, and service-related industries. Commercial construction loans have increased as a result of a renewed
focus on construction lending and as more businesses move forward with construction projects in the slightly improved economic
environment. 1-4 family residential mortgages increased due to the expansion of the Corporation s mortgage division and successful
efforts to expand the product line and increase the sales force to capture a greater share of the local mortgage market. Home equity
lines of credit have grown in response to the low interest rate environment encouraging customers to utilize variable rate consumer
borrowings in conjunction with several home equity specials that the Corporation has offered during 2014 and 2015. The specials
incorporated a new home equity line of credit product referred to as HomeLine. The HomeLine offering allows the customer to fix
all or part of the drawn line amount as a fixed rate loan, while keeping the remainder of the line functioning as a line of credit.
The growth in the home equity lines of credit was assisted by the six-month introductory rate of 1.99%, which has been in effect
for all of 2016. 

53   

       Index    ENB FINANCIAL CORP  Management s Discussion and Analysis   

Commercial and industrial loan growth has occurred as a result of
more businesses moving forward with loan needs as a result of slightly improved local economic conditions and improved performance
compared to prior years. 

In terms of business loans secured by real estate, the total of
all categories of real estate loans comprises 86.3% of total loans. At $284.0 million, commercial real estate is the largest category
of the loan portfolio, consisting of 50.3% of total loans. This category includes commercial mortgages, agriculture mortgages,
and construction loans. Commercial real estate loans increased from $251.7 million as of September 30, 2015, to $284.0 million
as of September 30, 2016, a $32.3 million, or 12.8% increase. 

The growth in commercial real estate loans has occurred entirely
in those secured by farmland as well as construction loans. Agricultural mortgages increased from $152.0 million, or 60.4% of commercial
real estate loans as of September 30, 2015, to $167.5 million, or 59.0% of commercial real estate loans as of September 30, 2016.
While this was a $15.5 million increase over a one-year period, the 10.2% increase was lower than the growth rate of the entire
loan portfolio, so the segment actually declined as a percentage of the portfolio. Commercial construction loans increased by $19.8
million, or 221.3%, from September 30, 2015, to September 30, 2016, primarily as a result of a number of agricultural construction
projects going on, the majority of these being construction of layer and broiler poultry houses. These loans remain in the construction
category until they are completed and moved into permanent financing. Commercial mortgages, not related to agricultural purposes,
declined by $3.1 million, or 3.4%, from September 30, 2015, to September 30, 2016. 

Consumer real estate loans make up 36.1% of the total loan portfolio
with balances of $203.9 million. These loans include 1-4 family residential mortgages, home equity term loans, and home equity
lines of credit. Personal residential mortgages account for 70.2% of total residential real estate loans and 25.3% of total loans.
Traditional 10 to 20-year personal mortgages originated from and held by the Corporation have consistently been the largest single
product of the Corporation s loan portfolio. The Corporation experienced a slowdown in the number of residential mortgages
made and held at the Bank in 2014 and through some of 2015, as the secondary mortgage market rates became extremely competitive
and more customers were opting for this alternative. During the last half of 2015 and the first nine months of 2016, fewer loans
were being sold on the secondary market and more mortgage originations were being maintained in the Corporation s portfolio.
This contributed to the growth in portfolio 1-4 family residential mortgages since September 30, 2015, and December 31, 2015. Total
personal residential mortgage balances increased $15.4 million, or 12.0%, from September 30, 2015 to September 30, 2016, and $9.5
million, or 7.1%, from December 31, 2015 to September 30, 2016. 

The Corporation generally only holds 10, 15, and 20-year mortgages,
and will sell any mortgage originated over 20 years. While terms of 10, 15, 20, and 30 years are offered to the customer, the most
popular term is the 30-year, which are generally sold on the secondary market. The majority of the 30-year mortgages are sold with
servicing retained. In the first half of 2015, as customers looked to refinance mortgages that were held on the Corporation s
Consolidated Balance Sheet, many were taking advantage of the lower rates offered on the secondary market resulting in the conversion
of the Corporation s residential mortgages into mortgages sold on the secondary market. During the latter half of 2015 and
the first nine months of 2016, more mortgages were being generated and held in the Corporation s portfolio as opposed to
being sold on the secondary market, resulting in higher balances of portfolio 1-4 family residential mortgages. The vast majority
of the growth in portfolio mortgages has been in adjustable rate mortgages (ARMs). Initially in 2015 the most common ARM product
was the 5/1 ARM, but in 2016 the 7/1 ARM has been more popular. Through the nine months ended September 30, 2016, approximately
70% of all ARMs booked were 7/1 ARMs, 29% were 5/1 ARMs and only 1.0% were 3/1 ARMs. In a 7/1 ARM, the amortization is on a 30-year
term like a standard mortgage but the rate is adjustable after seven years based on an index. The ARM products have attracted heavy
customer interest as the initial rates are lower and many home buyers do not expect to remain in their homes for the long term.
The ARM product is beneficial to the Corporation as it limits the interest rate risk to a much shorter time period. The ARM loans
have grown rapidly as a percentage of the portfolio, amounting to over 26% of the total personal mortgages held by the Corporation
as of September 30, 2016. As of September 30, 2016, the Corporation had $37.8 million of ARMs held in the portfolio, with the balance
split nearly equally between 5/1 and 7/1 ARMs, with less than 1% in 3/1 ARMs. The breakout is important in terms of how much duration
and interest rate risk is carried by the ARM sector of the loan portfolio. Management expects internal mortgage loan production
to continue to develop throughout the remainder of 2016 as the Corporation focuses on strategically growing this area of the portfolio. 

54   

       Index    ENB FINANCIAL CORP  Management s Discussion and Analysis   

Second mortgages and home equity loans, fixed or variable rate,
make up the remainder of the Corporation s residential real estate loans. Requests for fixed-rate home equity loans have
been very light during this prolonged period of historically low rates, while home equity lines of credit, which float on the Prime
rate, have been the preferred home equity financing. Despite low fixed home equity rates, the home equity lines of credit offered
in the marketplace are lower and have been lower for over five years. Consumers are seeking the lowest interest rate possible to
borrow money against their home value, which has resulted in a long trend of more variable rate versus fixed rate financing. The
growth of the Corporation s home equity lines of credit has accelerated during 2015 and 2016 as a result of an attractive
HomeLine product with a low introductory rate for six months. After that period, the home equity line would revert to Prime or
Prime plus a margin depending on the strength of the borrower. The introductory rate was initially 1.49% in 2015 but for all of
2016 has been 1.99%. 

Fixed rate home equity loans have been steadily decreasing as more
customers borrow on variable rate lines of credit. The purposes of these loans can vary but for this analysis the loan type and
form of lien and collateral govern the placement of these loans under home equity loans. Since September 30, 2015, the fixed rate
home equity loans have declined by $1.3 million, or 11.1%, and are expected to decline further throughout the remainder of 2016.
The growth in home equity lines of credit more than offsets the decrease in fixed-rate home equity loans. Home equity lines of
credit increased from $34.5 million on September 30, 2015, to $50.3 million on September 30, 2016, a $15.8 million, or 45.8% increase.
The net of these two trends is a $14.5 million, or 31.2% increase, in total home equity loan balances. 

The Corporation continues to offer a low 1.99% six-month introductory
rate on the HomeLine product and expects similar growth to occur throughout the remainder of 2016. This trend is likely to continue
while the Prime rate remains low. The HomeLine balance grew an average of $5 million in both the second and third quarters of 2016.
Even if this pace continued, the percentage of increase would decline due to the growth of this portfolio. It is expected that
when the Federal Reserve acts to increase the overnight rate again, and the Prime rate increases, the reaction will be that floating
rate loans will become less attractive to borrowers who will act to protect themselves against further rate increases by converting
to a fixed rate loan. Management anticipates moderate growth in the residential real estate area throughout the remainder of 2016
as this area is an area of strategic focus for the Corporation. 

Commercial loans not secured by real estate are significantly smaller
than the Corporation s commercial loans secured by real estate portfolio. These commercial and industrial loans, referred
to as C   I loans, are generally extended based on the health of the commercial borrower. They include both fixed rate loans
and Prime-based variable rate loans. The variable rate loans are generally in the form of a business line of credit. The Corporation s
security position as to these loans can be further strengthened by obtaining the personal guarantees of the owners. This is a preferred
approach to commercial accounts as it allows the Corporation to pursue assets of the owner in addition to assets of the commercial
entity. Management can also obtain additional collateral by securing the inventory of the business. The portfolio of all types
of C I loans showed an increase of $7.4 million, or 11.3%, from September 30, 2015 to September 30, 2016. As of September 30,
2016, this category of commercial loans was made up of $41.7 million of C I loans (outside of tax-free and agricultural loans),
$11.5 million of tax-free loans, and $19.4 million of agriculture loans. In the case of the Corporation, all of the $11.5 million
of tax-free loans are to local municipalities. C I loans increased by $5.9 million, or 16.3%, tax-free loans decreased by $1.1
million, or 8.9%, and agriculture loans increased by $2.7 million, or 15.9%, from balances at September 30, 2015. 

The consumer loan portfolio increased to $4.7 million at September
30, 2016, from $3.5 million at September 30, 2015. Consumer loans made up 0.8% of total loans on September 30, 2016, and 0.7% of
loans on September 30, 2015. The long-term trend over the past decade has seen homeowners turning to the equity in their homes
to finance cars and education rather than traditional consumer loans for those expenditures. Slightly higher demand for unsecured
credit is being offset by principal payments on existing loans. Management anticipates that the Corporation s level of consumer
loans will likely be relatively unchanged in the near future, as the need for additional unsecured credit in the current weaker
economic conditions is generally offset by those borrowers wishing to reduce debt levels and move away from the higher cost of
unsecured financing relative to other forms of real estate secured financing. 

55   

       Index    ENB FINANCIAL CORP  Management s Discussion and Analysis   

Non-Performing Assets  

Non-performing assets include: 

Nonaccrual loans   

Loans past due 90 days or more and still accruing   

Troubled debt restructurings   

Other real estate owned   

NON-PERFORMING ASSETS 

 (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)           

The total balance of non-performing assets increased by $584,000,
or 65.8%, from September 30, 2015 to September 30, 2016, and increased by $713,000, or 94.1%, from December 31, 2015 to September
30, 2016. The increases were primarily due to the addition of one commercial loan relationship to non-accrual loans that occurred
in the second quarter of 2016, as well as a smaller increase in loans past due 90 days or more and still accruing. The Corporation
remains very low versus the peer group with a 0.26% non-performing asset ratio. There were no loans classified as a TDR as of September
30, 2016, December 31, 2015, or September 30, 2015. Management is monitoring delinquency trends and the level of non-performing
loans closely in light of the slightly improved but continued weak economic conditions. At this time, management believes that
the potential for material losses related to non-performing loans is low with the level of non-performing and classified loans
declining from the higher levels experienced in prior years. 

There was no other real estate owned (OREO) as of September 30,
2016, December 31, 2015, or September 30, 2015. 

Allowance for Loan Losses  

The allowance for loan losses is established to cover any losses
inherent in the loan portfolio. Management reviews the adequacy of the allowance each quarter based upon a detailed analysis and
calculation of the allowance for loan losses. This calculation is based upon a systematic methodology for determining the allowance
for loan losses in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The calculation includes estimates and is based upon
losses inherent in the loan portfolio. The allowance calculation includes specific provisions for under-performing loans and general
allocations to cover anticipated losses on all loan types based on historical losses. The calculation is also influenced by nine
qualitative factors that are adjusted on a quarterly basis as needed. Based on the quarterly loan loss calculation, management
will adjust the allowance for loan losses through the provision as necessary. Changes to the allowance for loan losses during the
year are primarily affected by five main factors: 

Historical loan losses   

Qualitative factor adjustments including levels of delinquent and non-performing loans   

Growth trends of the loan portfolio   

Recovery of loans previously charged off   

Provision for loan losses   

56   

       Index    ENB FINANCIAL CORP  Management s Discussion and Analysis   

Strong credit and collateral policies have been instrumental in
producing a favorable history of loan losses for the Corporation. The Allowance for Loan Losses table below shows the activity
in the allowance for loan losses for the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015. At the bottom of the
table, two benchmark percentages are shown. The first is net charge-offs as a percentage of average loans outstanding for the year.
The second is the total allowance for loan losses as a percentage of total loans. 

ALLOWANCE FOR LOAN LOSSES 

 (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)           

Charge-offs for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, were $47,000, compared to $282,000 for the same
period in 2015. Management typically charges off unsecured debt over 90 days delinquent with little likelihood of recovery. In
the first nine months of 2016, only one small loan classified as a commercial and industrial loan as well as several small consumer
loans were charged off. In the first nine months of 2015, there was one commercial real estate loan that was charged off for $272,000
as well as one small commercial and industrial loan and one small consumer loan. 

The allowance as a percentage of total loans represents the portion
of the total loan portfolio for which an allowance has been provided. Management regularly reviews the overall risk profile of
the loan portfolio and the impact that current economic trends have on the Corporation s loans. The financial industry typically
evaluates the quality of loans on a scale with  unclassified  representing healthy loans,  special mention 
being the first indication of credit concern, and several successive classified ratings indicating further credit declines of  substandard, 
 doubtful,  and, ultimately,  loss.  

The Corporation s level of classified loans on September 30,
2016, was down $2.1 million, or 13.1%, from the balance as of September 30, 2015. The Corporation s total classified loans
based on outstanding balances were $13.9 million as of September 30, 2016, $15.4 million as of December 31, 2015, and $16.0 million
as of September 30, 2015. Having less loans in a classified status will result in a smaller allowance as lower amounts of projected
historical losses and qualitative factors are attached to these loans. In addition to this impact, management performs a specific
allocation test on these classified loans. There was no specifically allocated allowance against the classified loans as of September
30, 2016, December 31, 2015, or September 30, 2015. While the level of classified loans could have a significant bearing on the
allowance, currently they are not having a material influence. The classified loans could require larger provision amounts due
to a higher potential risk of loss, so as the classified loan balances fluctuate, the associated specific allowance applied to
them fluctuates, resulting in a lower or higher required allowance. 

57   

       Index    ENB FINANCIAL CORP  Management s Discussion and Analysis   

The net charge-offs as a percentage of average total loans outstanding
indicates the percentage of the Corporation s total loan portfolio that has been charged off during the period, after reducing
charge-offs by recoveries. The Corporation continues to experience very low net charge-off percentages due to strong credit practices.
For the first nine months of 2016, there were more recoveries than charge-offs resulting in a net recovery position. Management
continually monitors delinquencies, classified loans, and charge-off activity closely, and is not anticipating significant increases
throughout the remainder of 2016. Management practices are in place to reduce the number and severity of losses. In regard to severely
delinquent loans, management attempts to improve the Corporation s collateral or credit position and, in the case of a loan
workout, intervene to minimize additional charge-offs. 

The allowance as a percentage of total loans was 1.31% as of September
30, 2016, 1.36% as of December 31, 2015, and 1.44% as of September 30, 2015. Management anticipates that the rate of decline in
the allowance percentage will slow during the remainder of 2016, as the allowance balance is increased with additional provision
expense to account for increased loan growth. It is typical for the allowance for loan losses to contain a small amount of excess
reserves. Management desires that the amount of excess reserve in the allowance for loan losses be maintained between 5% and 10%.
The excess reserve stood at 7.2% as of September 30, 2016. 

Premises and Equipment  

Premises and equipment, net of accumulated
depreciation, increased by $0.8 million, or 3.6%, to $22.8 million as of September 30, 2016, from $22.0 million as of
September 30, 2015. As of September 30, 2016, $156,000 was classified as construction in process compared to $142,000 as of
September 30, 2015. Fixed assets were added as a result of the Corporation s eleventh full-service branch office opened
in Morgantown, PA, and the limited-service location opened in Georgetown, PA, both in the third quarter of 2016. 

Regulatory Stock  

The Corporation owns multiple forms of regulatory
stock that is required in order to be a member of the Federal Reserve Bank (FRB) and members of banks such as the Federal Home
Loan Bank (FHLB) and Atlantic Community Bankers Bank (ACBB). The Corporation s $5.2 million of regulatory stock holdings
as of September 30, 2016, consisted of $5.0 million of FHLB of Pittsburgh stock, $151,000 of FRB stock, and $37,000 of ACBB stock.
All of these stocks are valued at a stable dollar price, which is the price used to purchase or liquidate shares; therefore, the
investment is carried at book value and there is no fair market value adjustment. 

The Corporation s investment in FHLB stock
is required for membership in the organization. The amount of stock required is dependent upon the relative size of outstanding
borrowings from FHLB. Excess stock is typically repurchased from the Corporation at par if the borrowings decline to a predetermined
level. The Corporation s FHLB stock position was $5.0 million on September 30, 2016, $4.1 million on December 31, 2015, and
$4.1 million on September 30, 2015, with no excess capital stock position. Any future stock repurchases would be the result of
lower borrowing balances. Stock repurchases by the FHLB occur every quarter. 

The FHLB of Pittsburgh has paid a quarterly dividend
since the resumption of their dividend in the first quarter of 2012. In the first two quarters of 2016, FHLB dividend yield was
5.00% annualized on activity stock and 3.00% annualized on membership stock. The stock declaration made by FHLB of Pittsburgh in
the third quarter of 2016, is at a 5.00% annualized yield on activity stock and 2.00% annualized yield on membership stock. Most
of the Corporation s dividend is based on the activity stock, which is based on the amount of borrowings and mortgage activity
with FHLB. In addition to the normal quarterly dividend, the FHLB paid a special dividend in the first quarter of 2015 due to their
record earnings and strong financial position as of December 31, 2014. Management continues to monitor the financial condition
of the FHLB quarterly to assess its ability to continue to regularly repurchase excess capital stock and pay a dividend. 

Management believes that the FHLB will continue
to be a primary source of wholesale liquidity for both short-term and long-term funding. Management s strategy in terms of
future use of FHLB borrowings is addressed under the Borrowings section of this Management s Discussion and Analysis. 

58   

       Index    ENB FINANCIAL CORP  Management s Discussion and Analysis   

Deposits  

The Corporation s total ending deposits increased by $52.6
million, or 7.1%, and $100.0 million, or 14.4%, from December 31, 2015, and September 30, 2015, respectively. Customer deposits
are the Corporation s primary source of funding for loans and securities. In the past few years, the economic concerns and
volatility of the equity market led customers back to banks for safe places to invest money, despite historically low interest
rates. The mix of the Corporation s deposit categories has changed moderately since September 30, 2015, with the changes
being a $52.2 million, or 25.0% increase, in non-interest bearing demand deposit accounts, a $7.5 million, or 52.8% increase, in
interest bearing demand accounts, a $22.3 million, or 32.1% increase, in NOW balances, a $15.0 million, or 21.1% increase, in money
market balances, and a $25.0 million, or 17.6% increase, in savings account balances. Partially offsetting these increases, time
deposits decreased by $19.3 million, or 10.9%, and brokered CDs decreased by $2.7 million, or 27.8%, from September 30, 2015, to
September 30, 2016. 

The significant growth across all categories of core deposit accounts
is a direct result of the local market disruption caused by two large mergers, which impacted the three counties the Corporation
primarily serves. The Corporation has gained many new customers as a result of being a long-standing safe community bank known
for offering understandable financial products and services with lower fees. The prolonged historically low interest rates also
continue to aid the Corporation in growing core deposits as a result of very little difference between the core deposit rates and
short-term time deposit rates. Customers view demand deposit, money market and savings accounts as the safest, most convenient
place to maintain funds for maximum flexibility. Management believes these deposit account types will continue to hold higher balances
until short-term interest rates increase. 

The Deposits by Major Classification table, shown below, provides
the balances of each category for September 30, 2016, December 31, 2015, and September 30, 2015. 

DEPOSITS BY MAJOR CLASSIFICATION 

 (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS) 

The growth and mix of deposits is often driven
by several factors including: 

Convenience and service provided   

Current rates paid on deposits relative to competitor rates   

Level of and perceived direction of interest rates   

Financial condition and perceived safety of the institution   

Possible risks associated with other investment opportunities   

Level of fees on deposit products   

The Corporation has been a stable presence in the local area and
offers convenient locations as well as competitive service fees and interest rates because of a strong commitment to the customers
and the communities that it serves. Management has always priced products and services in a manner that makes them affordable for
all customers. This in turn creates a high degree of customer loyalty and a stable deposit base. Additionally, as financial institutions
have come under increased scrutiny from both regulators and customers, the Corporation has maintained an outstanding reputation.
The Corporation s deposit base increased as a result of customers seeking a longstanding, reliable institution as a partner
to meet their financial needs. 

59   

       Index    ENB FINANCIAL CORP  Management s Discussion and Analysis   

Time deposits are typically a more rate-sensitive product, making
them a source of funding that is prone to balance variations depending on the interest rate environment and how the Corporation s
time deposit rates compare with the local market rates. Time deposits fluctuate as consumers search for the best rates in the market,
with less allegiance to any particular financial institution. As of September 30, 2016, time deposit balances, excluding brokered
deposits, had decreased $13.1 million, or 7.7%, and $19.3 million, or 10.9%, from December 31, 2015 and September 30, 2015, respectively.
The Corporation has experienced a slow and steady shift in deposit trends over the past five years as customers have moved money
from time deposits into core checking and savings accounts. With minimal differences between shorter term CD rates and interest
bearing non-maturity deposits, customers are more inclined to accumulate their funds in a liquid account that can be accessed at
any time. This has resulted in declining time deposit balances and more significant growth in the core deposit areas. Management
anticipates that the recent declines in time deposits will likely continue until interest rates increase and cause more of a separation
between longer-term rates and overnight rates. 

Time deposits have FDIC insurance coverage insuring no loss of principal
up to $250,000 per account, based on certain account structures. As a result of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer
Protection Act of 2010, the $250,000 FDIC insurance coverage on all deposit accounts was made permanent. This has caused an increase
in the percentage of time deposits over $100,000 held by the Corporation. While total time deposits continue to decline in the
present environment, the percentage of time deposits over $100,000 compared to total time deposits has increased and is expected
to remain at these higher percentages due to the FDIC coverage. Time deposits in their entirety have decreased and are expected
to further decline until the Federal Reserve acts to further increase short term interest rates. 

Borrowings 

Total borrowings were $75.8 million, $68.3 million, and $74.5 million
as of September 30, 2016, December 31, 2015, and September 30, 2015, respectively. Of these amounts, $12.1 million, $8.7 million,
and $10.0 million reflect short-term funds for September 30, 2016, December 31, 2015, and September 30, 2015, respectively. Short-term
funds are used for immediate liquidity needs and are not typically part of an ongoing liquidity or interest rate risk strategy;
therefore, they fluctuate more rapidly. When short-term funds are used, they are purchased through correspondent and member bank
relationships as overnight borrowings or through the FHLB for terms less than one year. 

Total long-term borrowings, borrowings initiated for terms longer
than one year, were $63.8 million as of September 30, 2016, $59.6 million as of December 31, 2015, and $64.6 million as of September
30, 2015. The Corporation uses two main sources for long-term borrowings: FHLB advances and repurchase agreements obtained through
brokers. The repurchase agreement portion of the long-term debt was $5.0 million at September 30, 2015, with no repurchase agreements
as of December 31, 2015, or September 30, 2016. FHLB long-term advances were $63.8 million at September 30, 2016, $59.6 million
at December 31, 2015, and $64.6 million at September 30, 2015. Both FHLB advances and repurchase agreements are used as a secondary
source of funding and to mitigate interest rate risk. These long-term funding instruments are typically a more manageable funding
source in regard to amount, timing, and rate for interest rate risk and liquidity purposes compared to deposits. Over the course
of the past few years, the Corporation has minimally changed the ladder of long-term FHLB borrowings, by replacing maturing advances
with new long-term advances at significant rate savings. In the current interest rate environment, management has preferred to
seek new long-term borrowings from FHLB rather than through repurchase agreements. Management will continue to analyze and compare
the costs and benefits of borrowing versus obtaining funding from deposits. 

In order to limit the Corporation s exposure and reliance
to a single funding source, the Corporation s Asset Liability Policy sets a goal of maintaining the amount of borrowings
from the FHLB to 15% of asset size. As of September 30, 2016, the Corporation was significantly under this policy guideline at
7.8% of asset size with $75.8 million of total FHLB borrowings. The Corporation also has a policy that limits total borrowings
from all sources to 150% of the Corporation s capital. As of September 30, 2016, the Corporation was significantly under
this policy guideline at 75.8% of capital with $75.8 million total borrowings from all sources. The Corporation has maintained
FHLB borrowings and total borrowings well within these policy guidelines throughout all of 2015 and through the first nine months
of 2016. 

The Corporation continues to be well under the FHLB maximum borrowing
capacity (MBC), which is currently $332.5 million. The Corporation s two internal policy limits mentioned above are far more
restrictive than the FHLB MBC, which is calculated and set quarterly by FHLB. 

60   

       Index    ENB FINANCIAL CORP  Management s Discussion and Analysis   

Stockholders  Equity 

Federal regulatory authorities require banks to meet minimum capital
levels. The Corporation, as well as the Bank, as the solely owned subsidiary of the Corporation, both maintain capital ratios well
above those minimum levels and higher than the Bank s national peer group average. The Bank falls under the FDIC s
Peer Group #3, FDIC insured commercial banks between $300 million and $1 billion of asset size. As of September 30, 2016, there
were 1,218 commercial banks in this national peer group. The Bank was in the 55 th  percentile in tier I risk-based capital
to risk weighted assets and in the 55 th  percentile in total risk-based capital to risk-weighted assets, based on the
September 30, 2016 national Uniform Bank Performance Report (UBPR). The Bank s tier I capital to risk-weighted assets stood
at 14.0% compared to 14.3% for the peer group average. The Bank s total capital to risk-weighted assets was 15.1% compared
to the peer group average of 15.4%. The risk-weighted capital ratios are calculated by dividing capital by total risk-weighted
assets. Regulatory guidelines determine the risk-weighted assets by assigning assets to specific risk-weighted categories. The
calculation of tier I capital to risk-weighted average assets does not include an add-back to capital for the amount of the allowance
for loan losses, thereby making this ratio lower than the total capital to risk-weighted assets ratio. 

The following tables reflect the capital ratios for the Corporation
and Bank compared to the regulatory capital requirements. 

61   

       Index    ENB FINANCIAL CORP  Management s Discussion and Analysis   

REGULATORY CAPITAL RATIOS:          

Dividends play a vital role in the management of capital levels
of the Corporation. Management seeks a balance between maintaining a sufficient cushion of excess capital above regulatory limits
versus the payment of dividends to the shareholders as a direct return of their investment. Due to a constant stream of stable
earnings, the payment of a dividend is needed to maintain capital at acceptable levels in order to provide an adequate return of
equity to the shareholders. 

The Corporation s dividends per share for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016, were $0.81, matching the dividends per share for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Dividends
are paid from current earnings and available retained earnings. The Corporation s current capital plan calls for management
to maintain tier I capital to average assets between 10.0% and 12.0%. The Corporation s current tier I capital ratio is 10.4%.
As a secondary measurement, the capital plan also targets a long-term dividend payout ratio in the range of 35% to 40%. This ratio
will vary according to income, but over the long term, the Corporation s goal is to maintain and target a payout ratio within
this range. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the payout ratio was 40.9%. Management s goal is to maintain all
regulatory capital ratios at current levels. Future dividend payout ratios are dependent on the future level of earnings and other
factors that impact the level of capital. 

62   

       Index    ENB FINANCIAL CORP  Management s Discussion and Analysis   

The amount of unrealized gain or loss on the securities portfolio
is reflected, net of tax, as an adjustment to capital, as required by U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. This is recorded
as accumulated other comprehensive income or loss in the capital section of the consolidated balance sheet. An unrealized gain
increases capital, while an unrealized loss reduces capital. This requirement takes the position that, if the Corporation liquidated
the securities portfolio at the end of each period, the current unrealized gain or loss on the securities portfolio would directly
impact the Corporation s capital. As of September 30, 2016, the Corporation showed an unrealized gain, net of tax, of $1,221,000,
compared to an unrealized loss of $252,000 at December 31, 2015, and an unrealized gain of $475,000 as of September 30, 2015. These
unrealized gains and losses, net of tax are excluded from capital when calculating the tier I capital to average assets numbers
above. The amount of unrealized gain or loss on the securities portfolio, shown net of tax, as an adjustment to capital, does not
include any actual impairment taken on securities, which is shown as a reduction to income on the Corporation s Consolidated
Statements of Income. No impairment was recorded in the three or nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016, or in the same prior
year periods. The changes in unrealized gains and losses are due to normal changes in market valuations of the Corporation s
securities as a result of interest rate movements. 

Regulatory Capital Changes  

In July 2013, the federal banking agencies issued final rules to
implement the Basel III regulatory capital reforms and changes required by the Dodd-Frank Act. The phase-in period for community
banking organizations began January 1, 2015, while larger institutions (generally those with assets of $250 billion or more) began
compliance on January 1, 2014. The final rules call for the following capital requirements: 

A minimum ratio of common equity tier I capital to risk-weighted assets of 4.5%.   

A minimum ratio of tier I capital to risk-weighted assets of 6%.   

A minimum ratio of total capital to risk-weighted assets of 8%.   

A minimum leverage ratio of 4%.   

In addition, the final rules established a common equity tier I
capital conservation buffer of 2.5% of risk-weighted assets applicable to all banking organizations. If a banking organization
fails to hold capital above the minimum capital ratios and the capital conservation buffer, it will be subject to certain restrictions
on capital distributions and discretionary bonus payments. The phase-in period for the capital conservation and countercyclical
capital buffers for all banking organizations began on January 1, 2016. 

Under the initially proposed rules, accumulated other comprehensive
income (AOCI) would have been included in a banking organization s common equity tier I capital. The final rule allows community
banks to make a one-time election not to include these additional components of AOCI in regulatory capital and instead use the
existing treatment under the general risk-based capital rules that excludes most AOCI components from regulatory capital. The opt-out
election was made by the Corporation with the filing of the first quarter Call Report as of March 31, 2015. 

The final rules permanently grandfather non-qualifying capital instruments
(such as trust preferred securities and cumulative perpetual preferred stock) issued before May 19, 2010 for inclusion in the tier
I capital of banking organizations with total consolidated assets less than $15 billion as of December 31, 2009, and banking organizations
that were mutual holding companies as of May 19, 2010. The Corporation does not have trust preferred securities or cumulative perpetual
preferred stock with no plans to add these to the capital structure. 

The proposed rules would have modified the risk-weight framework
applicable to residential mortgage exposures to require banking organizations to divide residential mortgage exposures into two
categories in order to determine the applicable risk weight. In response to commenter concerns about the burden of calculating
the risk weights and the potential negative effect on credit availability, the final rules do not adopt the proposed risk weights
but retain the current risk weights for mortgage exposures under the general risk-based capital rules. 

63   

       Index    ENB FINANCIAL CORP  Management s Discussion and Analysis   

Consistent with the Dodd-Frank Act, the new rules replace the ratings-based
approach to securitization exposures, which is based on external credit ratings, with the simplified supervisory formula approach
in order to determine the appropriate risk weights for these exposures. Alternatively, banking organizations may use the existing
gross-up approach to assign securitization exposures to a risk weight category or choose to assign such exposures a 1,250 percent
risk weight. The Corporation does not securitize assets and has no plans to do so. 

Under the new rules, mortgage servicing assets (MSAs) and certain
deferred tax assets (DTAs) are subject to stricter limitations than those applicable under the current general risk-based capital
rule. The new rules also increase the risk weights for past-due loans, certain commercial real estate loans, and some equity exposures,
and makes selected other changes in risk weights and credit conversion factors. 

Management has evaluated the impact of the above rules on levels
of the Corporation s capital. The final rulings were more favorable in terms of the items that would have a more significant
impact to the Corporation and community banks in general. Specifically, the AOCI final ruling, which would have had the greatest
negative impact to capital, provided the Corporation with an opt-out provision. The final ruling on the risk weightings of mortgages
was favorable and did not have a material negative impact. The rulings as to trust preferred securities, preferred stock, and securitization
of assets are not applicable to the Corporation, and presently the revised treatment of MSAs is not material to capital. The remaining
changes to risk weightings on several items mentioned above such as past-due loans and certain commercial real estate loans do
not have a material impact to capital presently, but could change as these levels change. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

In the normal course of business, the Corporation typically has
off-balance sheet arrangements related to loan funding commitments. These arrangements may impact the Corporation s financial
condition and liquidity if they were to be exercised within a short period of time. As discussed in the following liquidity section,
the Corporation has in place sufficient liquidity alternatives to meet these obligations. The following table presents information
on the commitments by the Corporation as of September 30, 2016. 

OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS 

 (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS) 

64   

       Index    ENB FINANCIAL CORP  Management s Discussion and Analysis   

Significant Legislation  

Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act   

In 2010, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection
Act (Dodd-Frank) was signed into law. Dodd-Frank is intended to affect a fundamental restructuring of federal banking regulation.
Among other things, Dodd-Frank creates a new Financial Stability Oversight Council to identify systemic risks in the financial
system and gives federal regulators new authority to take control of and liquidate financial firms. Dodd-Frank additionally creates
a new independent federal regulator to administer federal consumer protection laws. Dodd-Frank is expected to have a significant
impact on the Corporation s business operations as its provisions take effect. It is difficult to predict at this time what
specific cumulative impact Dodd-Frank and the yet-to-be-written implementing rules and regulations will have on community banks.
However, it is expected that, at a minimum, they will increase the Corporation s operating and compliance costs and could
increase interest expense. Among the provisions that are likely to affect the Corporation are the following: 

Holding Company Capital Requirements   

 Dodd-Frank requires the Federal Reserve to apply consolidated capital
requirements to bank holding companies that are no less stringent than those currently applied to depository institutions. Under
these standards, trust preferred securities will be excluded from tier I capital unless such securities were issued prior to May 19,
2010, by a bank holding company with less than $15 billion in assets. Dodd-Frank additionally requires that bank regulators
issue countercyclical capital requirements so that the required amount of capital increases in times of economic expansion and
decreases in times of economic contraction, are consistent with safety and soundness. 

Deposit Insurance   

 Dodd-Frank permanently increased the maximum deposit insurance amount
for banks, savings institutions, and credit unions to $250,000 per depositor. Additionally, on February 7, 2011, the Board of Directors
of the FDIC approved a final rule based on the Dodd-Frank Act that revises the assessment base from one based on domestic deposits
to one based on assets. This change, which was effective in April 2011, saved the Corporation a significant amount of FDIC insurance
premiums from the significantly higher FDIC insurance premiums placed into effect after the financial crisis. 

Corporate Governance   

 Dodd-Frank requires publicly traded companies to give stockholders
a non-binding vote on executive compensation at least every three years, a non-binding vote regarding the frequency of the vote
on executive compensation at least every six years, and a non-binding vote on  golden parachute  payments in connection
with approvals of mergers and acquisitions unless previously voted on by shareholders. The SEC has finalized the rules implementing
these requirements which took effect on January 21, 2011. The Corporation was exempt from these requirements until January 21,
2013, due to its status as a smaller reporting company. Additionally, Dodd-Frank directs the federal banking regulators to promulgate
rules prohibiting excessive compensation paid to executives of depository institutions and their holding companies with assets
in excess of $1.0 billion, regardless of whether the company is publicly traded. Dodd-Frank also gives the SEC authority to prohibit
broker discretionary voting on elections of directors and executive compensation matters. 

Limits on Interchange Fees   

 Dodd-Frank amended the Electronic Fund Transfer Act to, among other
things, give the Federal Reserve the authority to establish rules regarding interchange fees charged for electronic debit transactions
by payment card issuers having assets over $10 billion and to enforce a new statutory requirement that such fees be reasonable
and proportional to the actual cost of a transaction to the issuer. 

Consumer Financial Protection Bureau   

 Dodd-Frank created the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB),
which is granted broad rulemaking, supervisory and enforcement powers under various federal consumer financial protection laws,
including the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, Truth in Lending Act, Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act, Fair Credit Reporting
Act, Fair Debt Collection Act, the Consumer Financial Privacy Provisions of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, and certain other statutes.
The CFPB has examination and primary enforcement authority with respect to depository institutions with $10 billion or more in
assets. Smaller institutions will be subject to rules promulgated by the CFPB but will continue to be examined and supervised by
federal banking regulators for consumer compliance purposes. The CFPB will have authority to prevent unfair, deceptive, or abusive
practices in connection with the offering of consumer financial products. Dodd-Frank authorizes the CFPB to establish certain minimum
standards for the origination of residential mortgages including a determination of the borrower s ability to repay. In addition,
Dodd-Frank will allow borrowers to raise certain defenses to foreclosure if they receive any loan other than a  qualified
mortgage  as defined by the CFPB. Dodd-Frank permits states to adopt consumer protection laws and standards that are more
stringent than those adopted at the federal level and, in certain circumstances, permits state attorneys general to enforce compliance
with both the state and federal laws and regulations. 

65   

       Index    ENB FINANCIAL CORP  Management s Discussion and Analysis   

Prohibition Against Charter Conversions of Troubled Institutions

Dodd-Frank prohibits a depository institution from converting from
a state to federal charter or vice versa while it is the subject of a cease and desist order or other formal enforcement action
or a memorandum of understanding with respect to a significant supervisory matter unless the appropriate federal banking agency
gives notice of the conversion to the federal or state authority that issued the enforcement action and that agency does not object
within 30 days. The notice must include a plan to address the significant supervisory matter. The converting institution must also
file a copy of the conversion application with its current federal regulator which must notify the resulting federal regulator
of any ongoing supervisory or investigative proceedings that are likely to result in an enforcement action and provide access to
all supervisory and investigative information relating thereto. 

Interstate Branching    

 Dodd-Frank authorizes national and state banks to establish branches
in other states to the same extent as a bank chartered by that state would be permitted. Previously, banks could only establish
branches in other states if the host state expressly permitted out-of-state banks to establish branches in that state. Accordingly,
banks will be able to enter new markets more freely. 

Limits on Interstate Acquisitions and Mergers   

 Dodd-Frank precludes a bank holding company from engaging in an
interstate acquisition   the acquisition of a bank outside its home state   unless the bank holding company is both
well capitalized and well managed. Furthermore, a bank may not engage in an interstate merger with another bank headquartered in
another state unless the surviving institution will be well capitalized and well managed. The previous standard in both cases was
adequately capitalized and adequately managed. 

66   

       Index    ENB FINANCIAL CORP  Management s Discussion and Analysis   

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market
Risk  

As a financial institution, the Corporation is subject to three
primary risks: 

Credit risk   

Liquidity risk   

Interest rate risk   

The Board of Directors has established an Asset Liability Management
Committee (ALCO) to measure, monitor, and manage these primary market risks. The Asset Liability Policy has instituted guidelines
for all of these primary risks, as well as other financial performance measurements with target ranges. The Asset Liability goals
and guidelines are consistent with the Strategic Plan goals related to financial performance. 

Credit Risk  

 For discussion on credit risk refer to the sections in Item
2. Management s Discussion and Analysis, on securities, non-performing assets, and allowance for loan losses. 

Liquidity Risk  

 Liquidity refers to having an adequate supply of cash available
to meet business needs. Financial institutions must ensure that there is adequate liquidity to meet a variety of funding needs,
at a minimal cost. Minimal cost is an important component of liquidity. If a financial institution is required to take significant
action to obtain funding, and is forced to utilize an expensive source, it has not properly planned for its liquidity needs. Funding
new loans and covering deposit withdrawals are the primary liquidity needs of the Corporation. The Corporation uses a variety of
funding sources to meet liquidity needs, such as: 

Deposits   

Loan repayments   

Maturities and sales of securities   

Borrowings from correspondent and member banks   

Repurchase agreements   

Brokered deposits   

Current earnings   

As noted in the discussion on deposits, customers have historically
provided the Corporation with a reliable and steadily increasing source of funds liquidity. The Corporation also has in place relationships
with other banking institutions for the purpose of buying and selling Federal funds. The lines of credit with these institutions
provide immediate sources of additional liquidity. The Corporation currently has unsecured lines of credit totaling $32 million.
This does not include amounts available from member banks such as the Federal Reserve Discount Window or the FHLB of Pittsburgh. 

Management uses a cumulative maturity gap analysis to measure
the amount of assets maturing within various periods versus liabilities maturing in those same periods. A gap ratio of 100%
represents an equal amount of assets and liabilities maturing in the same stated period. Management monitors six-month,
one-year, three-year, and five-year cumulative gaps to assist in determining liquidity risk. The six-month, one-year, and
three-year cumulative maturity gap ratios were within corporate policy guidelines as of September 30, 2016, while the
five-year cumulative gap ratio was slightly above policy guidelines. The five-year ratio was 122% as of September 30, 2016,
compared to the upper guideline of 115%, indicating more assets maturing than liabilities. All of the gap ratios have
increased slightly since December 31, 2015, except for the five-year ratio which was 127% as of December 31, 2015, compared
to 122% as of September 30, 2016. Given the likelihood of higher rates in the future, the elevated gap ratios would be
beneficial to the Corporation. Management believes the current gap ratios are appropriate and will continue to monitor all
gap ratios to ensure proper positioning for future interest rate cycles. 

Management has been maintaining higher levels of cash and cash equivalents
to assist in offsetting the Corporation s relatively long securities portfolio, which has helped to increase the gap ratios.
The strategy of maintaining higher cash levels to improve gap ratios and act as an immediate hedge against liquidity risk and interest
rate risk is expected to continue until the securities portfolio is materially shorter in duration. The Corporation s securities
portfolio measurements of duration and price volatility have been declining for the last several quarters, but are up slightly
compared to June 30, 2016. Management s goal is to slowly reduce portfolio duration by allowing the securities portfolio
to decline as loan growth continues. Simply slowing on new purchases and allowing the existing portfolio to age and mature will
reduce duration. Management has also been maintaining a larger component of shorter corporate securities to offset the longer duration
of the Corporation s municipal bonds. 

67   

       Index    ENB FINANCIAL CORP  Management s Discussion and Analysis   

It is possible that short term rates will increase in the fourth
quarter of 2016, or early 2017, so management s current position is to maintain high maturity gap percentages in preparation
for higher rates and maintain them within guidelines. Higher gap ratios help the Corporation when interest rates do rise. The risk
in maintaining high gap percentages is that, should interest rates not rise, management will have a higher amount of maturing assets
that will reprice at lower rates. This is referred to as repricing risk. Carrying high gap ratios in the current environment brings
on an increased level of repricing risk, which negatively impacts the Corporation s interest income and margin. The risk
of liabilities repricing at higher interest rates is very low in the present environment as over half of the Corporation s
deposits are core deposits with no repricing expected to occur in the near future. The remainder of the Corporation s maturing
liabilities made up of time deposits and borrowings are generally repricing to equivalent interest rates. The Corporation s
longest time deposits are still repricing to lower interest rates but some of the mid-term deposits are beginning to reprice to
higher levels. To date, there have been more term liabilities repricing to lower interest rates than higher rates, which has helped
to lower the Corporation s average cost of funds to a new historically low level of 35 basis points as of September 30, 2016.
The average cost of funds includes the benefit of non-interest bearing demand deposit accounts. The Corporation s cost of
funds was 41 basis points as of December 31, 2015 and 47 basis points as of September 30, 2015. The cost of funds savings slowed
during the second and third quarters of 2016 and appears to be reaching a neutral point. Therefore, higher levels of liabilities
repricing now would be expected to have a neutral impact to the Corporation. However, as another Federal Reserve rate increase
becomes more imminent, deposit rates will likely need to be increased in order to retain balances and react to competition. This
would begin to cause increases in interest expense. 

Given the limited desirable rates currently available to the deposit
customer, management does not perceive significant risk that deposits maturing in the shorter time frames will leave the Corporation.
Should market interest rates rise materially in the remainder of 2016, or in 2017, customer behavior patterns would change and
deposits would be more rate sensitive with a portion potentially leaving the Corporation. The Corporation has experienced a steady
growth in both non-interest bearing and interest bearing funds during this historically low interest rate environment. 

The performance of the equity markets also has a bearing on how
much of the current deposits will remain at the Corporation. It is management s observation that since the financial crisis,
an element of the Corporation s deposit customers has been reluctant to redeploy funds presently at banks back into the equity
market. Investors have grown weary of the volatility of the equity markets. Negative events, primarily overseas, have caused multiple
cycles of sharp equity declines followed by recoveries. It remains to be seen whether further equity market improvements will materially
change customer behavior. 

The Corporation s current gap position is beneficial if rates
increase, but it will likely take a longer period of time before rates reach the highs of the next rate cycle, so slightly lower
gap ratios would not be detrimental at this time. The Corporation s significantly high overnight cash position is to counter
the relatively light initial cash ladder of the securities portfolio and will allow the Corporation to immediately invest in higher
yielding instruments when interest rates rise. The risk of carrying large cash balances and positioning for higher interest rates
too early is in opportunity costs of forfeiting income on higher yielding securities. This would result in lower net interest income
and margin. The Corporation s net interest margin is improving slightly from levels in the previous quarter, when factoring
out the non-recurring security amortization events but the current margin levels are still lower than previous years due to lower
security yields and lower loan yields resulting from competitive pricing in the current interest rate environment. Management s
future asset liability decisions will be dependent upon improvements in asset yield as well as the expected timing of further short-term
rate increases. Management expects that the gap ratios will remain within or above the established guidelines throughout the remainder
of 2016. 

It is important to stress that the gap ratios are a static measurement
of the Corporation s asset liability position. It is only one of many asset liability analysis tools management utilizes
to measure, monitor, and manage both liquidity and interest rate risk. The deficiencies with the gap analysis are that it makes
no provision for changes to the balance sheet out into the future and would not factor in changes that management would very likely
make to mitigate future interest rate risk. 

In addition to the cumulative maturity gap analysis discussed above,
management utilizes a number of liquidity measurements that management believes has advantages over and gives better clarity to
the Corporation s present and projected liquidity than the static gap analysis offers. 

68   

       Index    ENB FINANCIAL CORP  Management s Discussion and Analysis   

The Corporation analyzes the following additional liquidity measurements
in an effort to monitor and mitigate liquidity risk: 

Core Deposit Ratio    Core deposits as a percentage of assets   

Funding Concentration Analysis    Alternative funding sources outside of core deposits as a percentage of assets   

Short-term Funds Availability    Readily available short-term funds as a percentage of assets   

Securities Portfolio Liquidity    Cash flows maturing in one year or less as a percentage of assets and securities   

Readily Available Unencumbered Securities and Cash    Unencumbered securities as a percentage of the securities
portfolio and as a percentage of total assets   

Borrowing Limits    Internal borrowing limits in terms of both FHLB and total borrowings   

Three, Six, and Twelve-month Projected Sources and Uses of Funds    Projection of future liquidity positions   

These measurements are designed to prevent undue reliance on outside
sources of funding and to ensure a steady stream of liquidity is available should events occur that would cause a sudden decrease
in deposits or large increase in loans or both, which would in turn draw significantly from the Corporation s available liquidity
sources. As of September 30, 2016, the Corporation was within guidelines for all of the above measurements except the securities
portfolio liquidity as a percentage of total assets and as a percentage of the portfolio. The policy calls for the Corporation
to maintain securities portfolio cash flows maturing in one year or less between 4% and 8% of total assets and between 10% and
20% of the total investment portfolio. As of September 30, 2016, these cash flows represented 2.4% of total assets and 8.0% of
the total portfolio, slightly under the lower guidelines. However, when factoring in available overnight cash, the Corporation s
securities portfolio liquidity represented 5.9% of total assets and 19.6% of the total portfolio. 

It is important for the Corporation to prepare for a rates-up environment
and having more liquidity is advantageous as funds can be reinvested in higher yielding assets faster when sufficient liquidity
exists. Management has been carrying an average of $35 million to $45 million of cash and cash equivalents on a daily basis throughout
the first nine months of 2016, and expects this will continue in the near future. All liquidity measurements are tracked and reported
quarterly by management to both observe trends and ensure the measurements stay within desired ranges. Management is confident
that a sufficient amount of internal and external liquidity exists to provide for significant unanticipated liquidity needs. 

Interest Rate Risk 

 Interest rate risk is measured using two analytical tools: 

Changes in net interest income   

Changes in net portfolio value   

Financial modeling is used to forecast net interest
income and earnings, as well as net portfolio value, also referred to as fair value. The modeling is generally conducted under
seven different interest rate scenarios. The scenarios consist of a projection of net interest income if rates remain flat, increase
100, 200, 300, or 400 basis points, or decrease 50 or 100 basis points. Rates-down scenarios are unlikely at this point so management
is more focused on the rates-up scenarios. The results obtained through the use of forecasting models are based on a variety of
factors. Both the net interest income and fair value forecasts make use of the maturity and repricing schedules to determine the
changes to the balance sheet over the course of time. Additionally, there are many assumptions that factor into the results. These
assumptions include, but are not limited to, the following: 

Projected forward interest rates   

Slope of the U.S. Treasury curve   

Spreads available on securities over the U.S. Treasury curve   

Prepayment speeds on loans held and mortgage-backed securities   

Anticipated calls on securities with call options   

Deposit and loan balance fluctuations   

Competitive pressures affecting loan and deposit rates   

Economic conditions   

Consumer reaction to interest rate changes   

69   

       Index    ENB FINANCIAL CORP  Management s Discussion and Analysis   

For the interest rate sensitivity analysis and
net portfolio value analysis discussed below, results are based on a static balance sheet reflecting no projected growth from balances
as of September 30, 2016. While it is unlikely that the balance sheet will not grow at all, management considers a static analysis
to be the most conservative and most accurate means to evaluate fair value and future interest rate risk. The static balance sheet
approach is used to reduce the number of variables in calculating the model s accuracy in predicting future net interest
income. It is appropriate to pull out various balance sheet growth scenarios which could be utilized to compensate for a declining
margin. By testing the model using a base model assuming no growth, this variable is eliminated and management can focus on predicted
net interest income based on the current existing balance sheet. Management does run additional scenarios with expected growth
rates through the asset liability model to most accurately predict future financial performance. This is done separately and apart
from the static balance sheet approach discussed above to test fair value and future interest rate risk. 

As a result of the many assumptions, this information
should not be relied upon to predict future results. Additionally, both of the analyses discussed below do not consider any action
that management could take to minimize or offset the negative effect of changes in interest rates. These tools are used to assist
management in identifying possible areas of risk in order to address them before a greater risk is posed. Personnel perform an
in-depth annual validation and a quarterly review of the settings and assumptions used in the model to ensure reliability of the
forecast results. Additionally, in the third quarter of 2014, an independent third party performed a comprehensive validation on
the model input, assumptions, and output and determined that the model was managed appropriately and generating acceptable results.
Back testing of the model to actual results is performed quarterly to ensure the validity of the assumptions in the model. The
internal and external validations as well as the back testing indicate that the model assumptions are reliable. 

Changes in Net Interest Income  

The change in net interest income measures the
amount of net interest income fluctuation that would be experienced over one year, assuming interest rates change immediately and
remain the same for one year. This is considered to be a short-term view of interest rate risk. The analysis of changes in net
interest income due to changes in interest rates is commonly referred to as interest rate sensitivity. The Corporation s
interest rate sensitivity analysis indicates were interest rates to go up immediately the Corporation would realize more net interest
income. This is due to the ability of the Corporation to immediately achieve higher interest earnings on interest-earning assets
while having the ability to limit the amount of increase in interest-bearing liabilities based on the timing of deposit rate changes.
This results in an increase in net interest income in the up-rate scenarios, but a decline in net interest income in the down-rate
scenarios. 

The third quarter 2016 analysis projects net interest
income expected in the seven rate scenarios over a one-year time horizon. As of September 30, 2016, the Corporation was well within
guidelines for the maximum amount of net interest income change in all rate scenarios. All up-rate scenarios show a positive impact
to net interest income although significant improvements are not reflected until rates increase 300 or 400 basis points. The increase
in net interest income in the up-rate scenarios is largely due to the increase in variable rate loans that has occurred during
this historically low rate environment and the higher cash balances held on the Corporation s balance sheet. On the liability
side, when interest rates do increase, it is typical for management to react more slowly in increasing deposit rates. Loan rates
will increase by the full amount of the market rate movement while deposit rates will only increase at a fraction of the market
rate increase. Additionally, deposit rates may level off more when market rates increase by 300 or 400 basis points where variable
loan rates will still increase by the same amount as the Prime rate. The increases in net interest income in the up-rate scenarios
are very comparable to the increases reflected at December 31, 2015, and show slight improvements over the increases that were
reflected at June 30, 2016. It is unlikely that rates will go down, but in the event that they would go lower, the Corporation
would have exposure to all maturing fixed-rate loans and securities, which would reprice lower while most of the Corporation s
interest-bearing deposits could not be repriced any lower. This would result in a decline in net interest income in any down-rate
scenario. However, even in the highly unlikely down-rate scenarios, the Corporation s exposure to declining net interest
income is still within policy guidelines. 

Management s primary focus remains on the
most likely scenario of higher interest rates. For the rates-up 100 basis point scenario, net interest income increases minimally
by 1.1% compared to the rates unchanged scenario. This minimal increase reflects the fact that some loans are priced at floor rates
of 4.00% currently and would not be able to immediately reprice by the full amount of the rate movement. However, in the remaining
rates-up scenarios, the net interest income increases more substantially reflecting the full repriceabilty of the Corporation s
interest-earning assets. For the rates-up 200, 300, and 400 basis point scenarios, net interest income increased by 4.8%, 10.4%,
and 16.5%, respectively, compared to the rates unchanged scenario. Management s maximum permitted net interest income declines
by policy are -5%, -10%, -15%, and -20% for the rates up 100, 200, 300, and 400 basis point scenarios, respectively. 

70   

       Index    ENB FINANCIAL CORP  Management s Discussion and Analysis   

The positive impact of significantly higher rates
is primarily due to the favorable impact of all of the Corporation s variable rate loans repricing by the full amount of
the Federal rate change, assisted by the Corporation s relatively high interest earning cash balances and that component
of the loans and securities portfolios that reprice in less than one year. This more than offsets the increase in interest expense
caused by repricing deposits and borrowings, where they are only repricing by a fraction of the rate change. The more aggressive
rates-up scenarios also benefit from known historical experience of deposit rate increases lagging and a slowing in the pace of
the actual rate increase as interest rates continue to rise. This in essence allows management the ability to neutralize the impact
of higher rates by controlling the large amount of liabilities that are repricing. Management does not expect the Corporation s
exposure to interest rate changes to increase or change significantly during the remainder of 2016. 

The assumptions and analysis of interest rate
risk are based on historical experience during varied economic cycles. Management believes these assumptions to be appropriate;
however, actual results could vary significantly. Management uses this analysis to identify trends in interest rate sensitivity
and determine if action is necessary to mitigate asset liability risk. 

Changes in Net Portfolio Value  

The change in net portfolio value is considered
a tool to measure long-term interest rate risk. The analysis measures the exposure of the balance sheet to valuation changes due
to changes in interest rates. The calculation of net portfolio value discounts future cash flows to the present value based on
current market rates. The change in net portfolio value estimates the gain or loss that would occur on market sensitive instruments
given an interest rate increase or decrease in the same seven scenarios mentioned above. As of September 30, 2016, the Corporation
was within guidelines for all rate scenarios with the rates-up scenarios showing a benefit to net portfolio value until rates-up
400 which shows a slight decline. The trend over the past year has been lessening risk in the up-rate scenarios with increasing
cash balances and core deposit balances with the current quarter showing a benefit in most up-rate scenarios. The benefit is slightly
less than what was reported at June 30, 2016, but still shows a big historical change for the Corporation since past analyses have
generally showed much more up-rate exposure. The non-interest bearing deposits have always been highly favorable in a rising rate
environment as they are more valuable to the Corporation, representing a decrease in liabilities as interest rates rise. The non-interest
bearing demand deposit accounts and low-interest bearing checking, NOW, and money market accounts provide more benefit to the Corporation
when interest rates are higher and the difference between the overnight funding costs compared to the average interest bearing
core deposit rates are greater. As interest rates increase, the discount rate used to value the Corporation s interest bearing
accounts increases, causing a lower net present value. This improves the modeling of the Corporation s fair value risk as
the liability amounts decrease causing net present value or fair value of the Corporation s balance sheet to increase. 

The results as of September 30, 2016, indicate
that the Corporation s net portfolio value would experience valuation gains of 4.3%, 4.0%, and 1.3%, in the rates-up 100,
200, and 300 basis point scenarios, and a valuation loss of 2.7% in the rates-up 400 basis point scenario. Management s maximum
permitted declines in net portfolio value by policy are -5% for rates-up 100 basis points, graduating up to -20% for rates-up 400
basis points. A valuation loss would indicate that the value of the Corporation s assets is declining at a faster pace than
the decrease in the value of the Corporation s liabilities. While the down-rate scenarios that are modeled are unlikely,
the analysis does show a valuation loss in the down-50 and down-100 basis point scenarios but both are within policy guidelines.
The exposure to valuation changes could change going forward if the behavior of the Corporation s deposits change due to
higher interest rates. Based on four past decay rate studies on the Corporation s core deposits, management does not expect
a material decline in core deposit accounts, including the non-interest bearing accounts, when short term interest rates do increase.
The Corporation s core deposits have been stable through a number of rate cycles. 

71   

       Index    ENB FINANCIAL CORP 

 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

The weakness with the net portfolio value analysis
is that it assumes liquidation of the Corporation rather than as a going concern. For that reason, it is considered a secondary
measurement of interest rate risk to  Changes in Net Interest Income  discussed above. However, the net portfolio value
analysis is a more important tool to measure the impact of interest rate changes to capital. In the current regulatory climate,
the focus is on ensuring adequate asset liability modeling is being done to project the impact of very large interest rate increases
on capital. The asset liability modeling currently in place measures the impact of such a rate change on the valuation of the Corporation s
loans, securities, deposits, and borrowings, and the resulting impact to capital. Management continues to analyze additional scenario
testing to model  worst case  scenarios to adequately plan for the possible severe impact of such events. 

72   

       Index    ENB FINANCIAL CORP     

Item 4. Controls and Procedures  

(a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. 

Management carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and
with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer), of the effectiveness of the
design and the operation of the Corporation s disclosure controls and procedures (as such term as defined in Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of September 30, 2016, pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-15. Based upon that evaluation,
the Chief Executive Officer along with the Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer) concluded that the Corporation s disclosure
controls and procedures as of September 30, 2016, are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports
that the company files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within
the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

(b) Changes in Internal Controls. 

There have been no changes in the Corporation s internal controls
over financial reporting that occurred during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely
to materially affect, the Corporation s internal control over financial reporting. 

73   

       Index    ENB FINANCIAL CORP   

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION 

 September 30, 2016 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 

Management is not aware of any litigation that would have a material
adverse effect on the consolidated financial position of the Corporation or its subsidiaries taken as a whole. There are no proceedings
pending other than ordinary routine litigation incident to the business of the Corporation. In addition, no material proceedings
are pending, are known to be threatened, or contemplated against the Corporation by governmental authorities. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

The Corporation continually monitors the risks related to the Corporation s
business, other events, the Corporation s Common Stock, and the Corporation s industry. Management has not identified
any new risk factors since the December 31, 2015 Form 10-K filing. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 

Purchases  

The following table details the Corporation s purchase of
its own common stock during the three months ended September 30, 2016. 

*On June 17, 2015, the Board of Directors of ENB Financial Corp announced the approval of a plan to purchase,
in open market and privately negotiated transactions, up to 140,000 shares of its outstanding common stock. Shares repurchased
are being held as treasury shares to be utilized in connection with the Corporation s three stock purchase plans previously
mentioned. The first purchase of common stock under this plan occurred on July 31, 2015. By September 30, 2016, a total of 21,635
shares were repurchased at a total cost of $711,000, for an average cost per share of $32.86. Management may choose to repurchase
additional shares in 2016 under this plan. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities   Nothing to Report 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures   Not Applicable 

Item 5. Other Information   Nothing to Report 

74   

       Index    ENB FINANCIAL CORP   

Item 6. Exhibits: 

75   

       Index    ENB FINANCIAL CORP   

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly
authorized. 

ENB Financial Corp     

(Registrant)   

Dated:   November 14, 2016   
      By:  
       /s/  Aaron L. Groff, Jr.    

Aaron L. Groff, Jr.    

Chairman of the Board,    

Chief Executive Officer and President    

Dated:   November 14, 2016   
      By:  
       /s/  Scott E. Lied    

Scott E. Lied, CPA    

Treasurer    

Principal Financial Officer    

76   

       Index    ENB FINANCIAL CORP   

EXHIBIT INDEX  

77   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31-1.htm
 EX-31.1

ENB FINANCIAL CORP 

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I,   Aaron L. Groff, Jr   . , certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of   ENB
                                         Financial Corp  ;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and   

(d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and   

5.  The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions):   

(a)  All significant deficiencies, and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and   

(b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's
internal control over financial reporting.   

Date:  November 14, 2016   
      By:  
          /s/  Aaron L. Groff, Jr.    

Aaron L. Groff, Jr.     

Chairman of the Board,     

Chief Executive Officer and President    

78   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31-2.htm
 EX-31.2

ENB FINANCIAL CORP 

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION  

I,   Scott E. Lied  , certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of   ENB Financial Corp  ;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and   

(d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and   

5.  The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions):   

(a)  All significant deficiencies, and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and   

(b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's
internal control over financial reporting.   

Date:  November 14, 2016   
      By:  
        /s/   Scott E. Lied    

Scott E. Lied, CPA     

Treasurer    

Principal Financial Officer    

79   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32-1.htm
 EX-32.1

ENB FINANCIAL CORP 

Exhibit 32.1  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADDED BY 

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002  

In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of ENB Financial
Corp (the  Corporation ) for the period ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
(the  Report ), I, Aaron L. Groff, Jr., Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and President, of the Corporation,
certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as added by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1.  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

2.  To my knowledge, the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition
and results of operations of the Corporation as of and for the period covered by the Report.   

Date:  November 14, 2016   
      By:  
          /s/  Aaron
L. Groff, Jr.    

Aaron L. Groff, Jr.     

Chairman of the Board,    

Chief Executive Officer and President    

80   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex32-2.htm
 EX-32.2

ENB FINANCIAL CORP 

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADDED BY 

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002  

In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of ENB Financial
Corp (the  Corporation ) for the period ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
(the  Report ), I, Scott E. Lied, Treasurer of the Corporation, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as added
by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1.  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

2.  To my knowledge, the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition
and results of operations of the Corporation as of and for the period covered by the Report.   

Date:   November 14, 2016        
      By:   
         /s/   Scott E. Lied    

Scott E. Lied, CPA     

Treasurer    

Principal Financial Officer    

81   

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 enbp-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 enbp-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 enbp-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 enbp-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 enbp-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 enbp-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

