<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161228_10-K-A_edgar_data_1518487_0001096906-16-002120_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>234946</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>76915</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>27221</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>116722</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>2</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>4</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001096906-16-002120.hdr.sgml : 20161228
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161227195600
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001096906-16-002120
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K/A
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		6
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160531
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161228
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161227

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			China Xuefeng Environmental Engineering Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001518487
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	HAZARDOUS WASTE MANAGEMENT [4955]
		IRS NUMBER:				990364975
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0430

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K/A
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-175483
		FILM NUMBER:		162071288

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C214. FITTING INTEGRATION BUILDING
		STREET 2:		FAZHAN ROAD TO SUGIAN GATE SECTION
		CITY:			JIANGSU PROVINCE
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			223800
		BUSINESS PHONE:		86 527-84370508

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C214. FITTING INTEGRATION BUILDING
		STREET 2:		FAZHAN ROAD TO SUGIAN GATE SECTION
		CITY:			JIANGSU PROVINCE
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			223800

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NYC MODA INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110419

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001096906-16-002120.txt : 20161228

10-K/A
 1
 form10ka.htm
 FORM 10-K AMENMENT 2

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 10-K/A

(Amendment No. 2)

(Mark One)

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended   May 31, 2016  

or

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ___________ to ___________

Commission file number  333-175483 

China Xuefeng Environmental Engineering Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Nevada

99-0364975

State or other jurisdiction of  
  incorporation or organization

(I.R.S. Employer  
  Identification No.)

229 Tongda Avenue

Economic and Technological Development Zone

Suqian, Jiangsu Province

People's Republic of China

223800

(Address of principal executive offices)

(Zip Code)

Registrant's telephone number, including area code: +  86-527-84370508  

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act:   None.  

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act:

None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes        No    

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes        No    

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes        No    

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes        No    

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K ( 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.    

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer" and "smaller reporting company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Large accelerated filer

Accelerated filer

Non-accelerated filer

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company)

Smaller reporting company

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes        No    

State the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter: $216,164,672.

As of August 30, 2016, the registrant had 55,200,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share, issued and outstanding.

Documents Incorporated by Reference:  None.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page 

PART I

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factor 
 2  

Part II

Item 9A.

Controls and Procedures

14  

Part III

Item 12

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters

15 

PART IV

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 16  

Signatures 
 16  

EXPLANATORY NOTE

China Xuefeng Environmental Engineering Inc. (the "Company") is filing this Amendment No. 2 (the "Amendment No. 2") to its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2016, filed on August 30, 2016 (the "Original 10-K"), which was subsequently amended on November 15, 2016. Company is filing this Amendment No. 2 to provide disclosure in connection with i) control interest held by Company's President and CEO and a related risk factor and ii) additional information regarding management's control and procedures over financial.

In accordance with applicable SEC rules and as required by Rule 12b-15 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this amendment includes new certifications from our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer dated as of the date of filing of this amendment.

No changes have been made to the Original 10-K and subsequent amendment other than to Item 1A, 9A and 12 to the four certification exhibits. This amendment speaks as of the date of the Original 10-K, does not reflect events that may have occurred after the date of the Original 10-K and does not modify or update in any way the disclosures made in the Original 10-K, except as required to reflect the revisions discussed above. This amendment should be read in conjunction with the Original 10-K, its subsequent amendment and with our filings with the SEC filed subsequent to the filing of the Original 10-K.

PART I

Item 1A.

Except as otherwise indicated by the context, references in this report to "we," "us," "our," "our Company," or "the Company" are to the combined business of China Xuefeng Environmental Engineering Inc.

An investment in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below, together with all of the other information included in this report, before making an investment decision. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition or results of operations could suffer. In that case, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment.

Risks Related to Our Business 

Our failure to effectively compete in the waste processing market may have a material adverse effect on our growth prospects and our ability to generate revenue.

We currently compete primarily on the basis of our ability to secure contracts with waste processing companies, and local government entities in the Jiangsu Province, China and surrounding areas for the updating of waste processing equipment.  The Company is embarking on an area of growth in licensing the use of our licensed patented technology used in these updates and plans to establish our own waste processing centers.  There can be no assurance that we will be able to complete such expansion without losses or that our competitors will not develop at a faster rate and offer more favorable arrangements to our current and future customers. We expect that we will be required to continue to invest in research and development and building our waste treatment and disposal infrastructure.

Our competitors include both domestic companies and international companies operating in the waste processing industry in China. Some of these competitors have significantly greater financial and marketing resources and name recognition than that of our Company at this point. As the Chinese government continues to support and encourage the development of the environmentally sound waste processing industry, more domestic and international competitors may enter the market. We believe that the Chinese market for our services is subject to intense regional competition, with a relatively limited number of large competitors. While the Company effectively competes in our current focus of updating waste processing equipment for centers in our primary regional market of Jiangsu Province and surrounding areas, our reach outside this primary market and beyond our current focus has yet to be tested and we will necessarily face new competitors in the other geographic markets into which we plan to expand. If the Chinese government continues to emphasize the spending on environmental protection and continues to allocate funds to our industry, the number of our competitors throughout China, both domestic and foreign companies, will likely increase, so we cannot assure you that we will be able to compete successfully against any new or existing competitors, or against any new technologies our competitors may develop or implement.  All of these competitive factors could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, profitability and growth prospects.

The waste processing industry is highly regulated and our business depends on governmental permits and certifications to operate our business, the loss of any of which would have a material adverse impact on our business.

Only those companies that have been granted operating licenses issued by the PRC central and local governments are permitted to engage in the industrial waste treatment and disposal business in China. Our company is currently fully licensed to carry out our core business of updating and improving waste processing equipment, however, creation of our own waste processing center in the future will require new licenses for which we will apply. The central and local governments of the PRC impose strict requirements on companies regarding the technology which must be employed and the qualifications and training of management employees which must be maintained. While we possess the necessary permits and certifications to operate our business, our regulatory approvals authorizing our operations and activities are subject to periodic review, reassessment and renewal by Chinese authorities.  Standards of compliance necessary to pass such reviews change from time to time and differ from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, leading to a degree of uncertainty. If our licenses and permits are revoked, substantially modified or not renewed or if additional permits, business licenses or approvals that may become necessary in connection with our business are not granted or are delayed, we may suffer adverse consequences. As a result, the termination or suspension of our licenses to operate would have a material adverse impact on our revenue and business.

2 

If we fail to introduce new products or services or our existing products and services do not meet the requirements of our customers, we may not gain or may lose market share.

Our continued growth is dependent upon our ability to generate increased revenue from our existing customers, obtain new customers and raise capital from outside sources. While our current technology is at the forefront of industry developments, in order to maintain that advantage we will need to continue to pursue innovative solutions to meet our customers' needs. We believe that in order to continue to capture additional market share and generate additional revenue, we will have to raise more capital to fund the construction and installation of new facilities and to obtain additional equipment to collect, process and dispose of industrial waste and recycle waste for our existing and future customers. We anticipate that such funding will be provided through a variety of sources including bank loans, equity financing and net cash flow generated from operations.

In the future we may be unable to obtain the necessary financing for our capital requirements on a timely basis or on acceptable terms, which may prevent or delay the planned expansion of our service offerings. Our failure to provide new products or services may prevent us from retaining customers or gaining new customers, which may adversely affect our financial position, competitive position, growth and profitability. Our ability to obtain acceptable financing at any time may depend on a number of factors, including, our financial condition and results of operations; the condition of the PRC economy, the industrial waste treatment industry in the PRC, and conditions in relevant financial markets in the United States, PRC and elsewhere in the world.

The rapid expansion of our business could strain our resources and adversely affect our ability to effectively control and manage our growth.

If our business and markets grow and develop as planned, it will be necessary for us to finance and manage expansion in an efficient manner. We may face challenges in managing our waste processing equipment updating business over an expanded geographical area as well as managing expanded service offerings, including, among other things, waste processing services and patent licensing. Such eventualities will increase demands on our existing management, workforce and facilities. Failure to satisfy such increased demands could interrupt or adversely affect our operations and cause administrative inefficiencies.

Waste processing operations can be hazardous and may subject us to civil liabilities as a result of hazards posed by such operations.

Waste processing operations are subject to potential hazards incident to the gathering, processing and storage of industrial hazardous waste such as explosions, product spills, leaks, emissions and fires. These hazards can cause personal injury and loss of life, severe damage to and destruction of property and equipment, and pollution or other environmental damage, and may result in the curtailment or suspension of operations at the affected facility. Consequently, we may face civil liabilities in the ordinary course of our business as we update the equipment which performs this process at clients' waste processing plants and as we branch into our own waste processing business. As the environmental protection industry in China is developing, there is no comprehensive insurance available to cover environmental liabilities. Although we have not faced any civil liabilities in the ordinary course of our waste processing equipment updating operations, there is no assurance that we will not face such liabilities in the future. If such liabilities occur in the future, they may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and business prospects.

Our success depends on our management team and other key personnel, the loss of any of whom could disrupt our business operations and have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, operating results and growth prospects .

Our success to date has been largely due to the contributions of our current management team, especially Chairman Li Yuan. The continued success of our business is very much dependent on the experience of the members of our management team and the goodwill that they have developed in the industry to date. As a result, our continued success is dependent, to a large extent, on our ability to retain the services of our management team and key personnel. The loss of the services of any of our management team or key personnel due to resignation, retirement, illness or otherwise without suitable replacement or the inability to attract and retain qualified personnel would have a material adverse effect on our operations and may reduce our profitability and the return on your investment. We do not currently maintain key man insurance covering our key personnel.

3 

If we fail to adequately protect or enforce our intellectual property rights, we may be exposed to intellectual property infringement and the value of our intellectual property rights could diminish.

If we need to initiate litigation or administrative proceedings to enforce or protect our intellectual property rights, such actions may be costly and may divert management attention as well as expend other resources which could otherwise have been devoted to our business. An adverse determination in any such litigation could impair our intellectual property rights and may harm our business, prospects and reputation. In addition, historically, implementation of PRC intellectual property-related laws has been lacking, primarily because of ambiguities in the PRC laws and difficulties in enforcement. Accordingly, intellectual property rights and confidentiality protections in China may not be as effective as in the United States or other countries, which increases the risk that we may not be able to adequately protect our intellectual property. Given the relative unpredictability of China's legal system and potential difficulties enforcing a court judgment in China, there is no guarantee that we would be able to halt any unauthorized use of our intellectual property through litigation which may cause us to lose our competitive advantage and adversely affect our business and profitability.

We may face claims for infringement of third-party intellectual property rights .

We may face claims from third parties with respect to the infringement of any intellectual property rights owned by such third parties. There is no assurance that third parties will not assert claims to our processes, technologies and systems. In such an event, we may need to acquire licenses to, or to contest the validity of, issued or pending patents or claims of third parties. There can be no assurance that any license acquired under such patents would be made available to us on acceptable terms, if at all, or that we would prevail in any such contest. In addition, we would incur substantial costs and spend substantial amounts of time in defending ourselves in or contesting suits brought against us for alleged infringement of another party's patent rights. As such, our operations and business may be adversely affected by such civil actions. We rely on trade secrets, technology and know-how. There can be no assurance that other parties may not obtain knowledge of our trade secrets and processes, technology and systems. Should these events occur, our business would be affected and our profitability affected.

A significant portion of our revenue is dependent on our improvement and upgrading business.  As our improvement and upgrading business has become dependent on only a limited few customers, such dependency may have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition.

Our improvement and upgrading business greatly relies on our ability to maintain and continue to develop our customer base. Our improvement and upgrading business generated revenue from four customers for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2016. Should any of our current customers cease to require the use of our service, and if we are unable to grow our customer base on a timely basis, our operations, revenue and profitability could be materially and adversely affected.

BOT (Build-Operate-Transfer) projects that we may be awarded could be adversely affected by cost overruns, project delays and/or incorrect estimation of project costs.

The Company is establishing its own waste processing centers as an extension of its current business.  However, any future BOT projects we may be awarded will require us to incur high up-front expenditures.  Therefore, it is important that we manage such projects efficiently in terms of time, procurement of materials and allocation of resources. If our initial cost estimates are incorrect or delays occur in a project resulting in cost overruns, the profitability of that project could be adversely affected. Cost overruns due to additional rectification work and delays in completion of projects or delivery of waste to our new processing centers would adversely affect our profitability. We may also face potential liability from legal suits brought against us by our government customers for causing loss due to any delay in completing a project. In addition, we may also face potential liability from legal suits brought against us by our customers who have suffered loss due to such mismanagement or mistakes. This would also adversely affect our profitability and financial position.

4 

Substantially all of our business operations are concentrated in Jiangsu and surrounding areas, and expose us to regional economic or market declines.

Substantially all of our revenues are generated from Jiangsu, China. Our current customer base is comprised of companies located in Jiangsu and surrounding areas. As a result, any adverse economic developments in Jiangsu could affect regional waste generation rates and demand for waste processing services which we plan to provide in the future or waste processing equipment upgrades which we currently provide to waste processing centers in Jiangsu. In addition, adverse market developments caused by increased waste disposal capacity from our competitors in this region could adversely affect waste disposal pricing. While one of our main growth strategies is to expand into other geographic markets in China, the occurrence of any adverse economic developments in Jiangsu and surrounding areas could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and growth prospects.

Through agreements with a group of shareholders, our President and CEO has control over majority interest of the Company.

Since January 4, 2016, our President and CEO Mr. Li Yuan has entered into written authorization agreements with 72 shareholders of the Company, which gave him investing and dispositive power of the shares held by these individuals. As a result and as of the date hereof, Mr. Yuan has a total voting ownership interest of 50.31% and is able to exercise control over all matters requiring shareholder approval, including the election of directors, amendment of our certificate of incorporation and approval of significant corporate transactions. He also has significant control over our management and policies and will be able to significantly influence decisions affecting our capital structure. This control may have the effect of delaying or preventing changes in control or changes in management, or limiting the ability of our other shareholders to approve transactions that they may deem to be in Company's best interest.

We are subject to risks relating to expanding into other geographic markets in China outside of our principal market of Jiangsu.

To take advantage of industrialization outside of Jiangsu and to expand our service offerings to other geographic markets, we plan to establish centers for waste processing both within Jiangsu and expanding into other areas of the country. We intend to build and operate waste treatment facilities gradually.

Expansion into new geographic markets will require us to comply with rules and regulations of the applicable local government, and to address certain business issues particular to each market depending on the development and demand of customers within that market. As a result, there may be a significant period of time before any facility that we construct develops a consistent revenue stream. Accordingly, any delays or interruptions in implementing our expansion strategy or our business operations outside of Jiangsu may have a material adverse effect on our growth prospects, profitability and financial condition.

Relaxed enforcement of PRC environmental laws and governmental approvals and non-compliance by new and existing customers could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and growth prospects.

Companies operating in the waste treatment and disposal industry are subject to China's national Environmental Protection Law as well as a number of other national and local laws and regulations governing air, water, noise pollution and establishing pollutant discharge standards. In addition, such companies are subject to stringent licensing and certification requirements imposed by the PRC Ministry of Environmental Protection and the provincial environmental bureaus, which has created high barriers to entry for potential market participants.  However, the urbanization and industrialization from China's rapid economic growth has created an increased need for waste treatment services from solid waste disposal to sewage and sludge treatment. In order to help meet the demand for such services, the central government may not strictly enforce the compliance with environmental laws and relax certain conditions to gaining governmental licensing and approvals.  If such an event were to occur, there would be more competitors to our business operations and customers may turn to less expensive competitors for their waste disposal needs, which in turn, would have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and grow prospects.

5 

Fluctuations in exchange rates could adversely affect our business and the value of our securities 

The value of our common stock will be indirectly affected by the foreign exchange rate between U.S. dollars and the RMB and between those currencies and other currencies in which our sales may be denominated. Appreciation or depreciation in the value of the RMB relative to the U.S. dollar would affect our financial results reported in U.S. dollar terms without giving effect to any underlying change in our business or results of operations. Fluctuations in the exchange rate will also affect the relative value of any dividend we issue that will be exchanged into U.S. dollars as well as earnings from, and the value of, any U.S. dollar-denominated investments we make in the future.

Since July 2005, the RMB is no longer pegged to the U.S. dollar. Although the People's Bank of China regularly intervenes in the foreign exchange market to prevent significant short-term fluctuations in the exchange rate, the RMB may appreciate or depreciate significantly in value against the U.S. dollar in the medium to long term. Moreover, it is possible that in the future PRC authorities may lift restrictions on fluctuations in the RMB exchange rate and lessen intervention in the foreign exchange market. In August 2015, the PRC Government devalued its currency by approximately 3%.

Very limited hedging transactions are available in China to reduce our exposure to exchange rate fluctuations. To date, we have not entered into any hedging transactions. While we may enter into hedging transactions in the future, the availability and effectiveness of these transactions may be limited, and we may not be able to successfully hedge our exposure at all. In addition, our foreign currency exchange losses may be magnified by PRC exchange control regulations that restrict our ability to convert RMB into foreign currencies.

Under the New Income Tax Law, enterprises established outside the PRC whose "de facto management bodies" are located in the PRC are considered "resident enterprises" and their global income will generally be subject to the uniform 25% enterprise income tax rate. On December 6, 2007, the PRC State Council promulgated the Implementation Regulations on the New Income Tax Law (the "Implementation Regulations"), which define "de facto management bodies" as bodies that have material and overall management control over the business, personnel, accounts and properties of an enterprise. In addition, a recent circular issued by the State Administration of Taxation on April 22, 2009 provides that a foreign enterprise controlled by a PRC company or a PRC company group will be classified as a "resident enterprise" with its "de facto management bodies" located within the PRC if the following requirements are satisfied:

(i)    

the senior management and core management departments in charge of its daily operations function mainly in the PRC;

(ii)     

its financial and human resources decisions are subject to determination or approval by persons or bodies in the PRC;

(iii)      

its major assets, accounting books, company seals, and minutes and files of its board and shareholders' meetings are located or kept in the PRC; and

(iv)       

more than half of the enterprise's directors or senior management with voting rights reside in the PRC.

6 

Because the EIT Law, its implementing rules and the recent circular are relatively new, no official interpretation or application of this new "resident enterprise" classification is available. Therefore, it is unclear how tax authorities will determine tax residency based on the facts of each case.

If the PRC tax authorities determine that we are a "resident enterprise" for PRC enterprise income tax purposes, a number of unfavorable PRC tax consequences could follow. First, we may be subject to the enterprise income tax at a rate of 25% on our worldwide taxable income as well as PRC enterprise income tax reporting obligations. In our case, this would mean that non-China source income would be subject to PRC enterprise income tax at a rate of 25%. Second, although under the EIT Law and its implementing rules dividends paid to us from our PRC subsidiary would qualify as "tax-exempt income," we cannot guarantee that such dividends will not be subject to a 10% withholding tax, as the PRC foreign exchange control authorities, which enforce the withholding tax, have not yet issued guidance with respect to the processing of outbound remittances to entities that are treated as resident enterprises for PRC enterprise income tax purposes. Finally, it is possible that future guidance issued with respect to the new "resident enterprise" classification could result in a situation in which a 10% withholding tax is imposed on dividends we pay to our non-PRC stockholders and with respect to gains derived by our non-PRC stockholders from transferring our shares.

We do not carry business interruption insurance so we could incur unrecoverable losses if our business is interrupted

We are subject to risk inherent to our business, including equipment failure, theft, natural disasters, industrial accidents, labor disturbances, business interruptions, property damage, product liability, personal injury and death. We do not carry any business interruption insurance or third-party liability insurance or other insurance to cover risks associated with our business. As a result, if we suffer losses, damages or liabilities, including those caused by natural disasters or other events beyond our control and we are unable to make a claim against a third party, we will be required to bear all such losses from our own funds, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

We will incur increased costs as a result of operating as a public company, and our management will be required to devote substantial time to new compliance initiatives.

As a public company, we will incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company. We will be subject to the reporting and other requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Protection Act. These rules and regulations will require, among other things, that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with respect to our business and financial condition and establish and maintain effective disclosure and financial controls and corporate governance practices. We expect these rules and regulations to substantially increase our legal and financial compliance costs and to make some activities more time-consuming and costly. Our management and other personnel will need to devote a substantial amount of time to these compliance initiatives.

We qualify as an "emerging growth company" under the jobs act of 2012

We are an "emerging growth company," as defined in the JOBS Act, and, for as long as we continue to be an "emerging growth company," we may choose to take advantage of exemptions from various reporting requirements applicable to other public companies but not to "emerging growth companies," including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. We could be an "emerging growth company" for up to five years, or until the earliest of (i) the last day of the first fiscal year in which our annual gross revenues exceed $1 billion, (ii) the date that we become a "large accelerated filer" as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act, which would occur if the market value of our Common Stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of the last business day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter, or (iii) the date on which we have issued more than $1 billion in non-convertible debt during the preceding three year period.

7 

In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an "emerging growth company" can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an "emerging growth company" can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We have elected to use the extended transition period provided above and therefore our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates.

Because of the exemptions from various reporting requirements provided to us as an "emerging growth company," we may be less attractive to investors and it may be difficult for us to raise additional capital as and when we need it. Investors may be unable to compare our business with other companies in our industry if they believe that our reports are not as transparent as other companies in our industry. If we are unable to raise additional capital as and when we need it, our financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected.   

Risks Related to Doing Business in the PRC 

We face the risk that changes in the policies of the PRC government could have a significant impact upon the business we may be able to conduct in the PRC and the profitability of such business.

The PRC's economy is in a transition from a planned economy to a market oriented economy subject to five-year and annual plans adopted by the central government that set national economic development goals. Policies of the PRC government can have significant effects on the economic conditions of the PRC. The PRC government has confirmed that economic development will follow the model of a market economy. Under this direction, we believe that the PRC will continue to strengthen its economic and trading relationships with foreign countries and business development in the PRC will follow market forces. While we believe that this trend will continue, we cannot assure you that this will be the case. A change in policies by the PRC government could adversely affect our interests by, among other factors: changes in laws, regulations or the interpretation thereof, confiscatory taxation, restrictions on currency conversion, imports or sources of supplies, or the expropriation or nationalization of private enterprises. Although the PRC government has been pursuing economic reform policies for more than two decades, we cannot assure you that the government will continue to pursue such policies or that such policies may not be significantly altered, especially in the event of a change in leadership, social or political disruption, or other circumstances affecting the PRC's political, economic and social environment.

Introduction of new laws or changes to existing laws by the PRC government may adversely affect our business .

The PRC legal system is a codified legal system made up of written laws, regulations, circulars, administrative directives and internal guidelines. Unlike common law jurisdictions like the U.S., decided cases (which may be taken as reference) do not form part of the legal structure of the PRC and thus have no binding effect on subsequent cases with similar issues and fact patterns. Furthermore, in line with its transformation from a centrally-planned economy to a more free market-oriented economy, the PRC government is still in the process of developing a comprehensive set of laws and regulations. As the legal system in the PRC is still evolving, laws and regulations or the interpretation of the same may be subject to further changes. For example, the PRC government may impose restrictions on the amount of service fees that may be payable by municipal governments to wastewater and sludge treatment service providers. Also, the PRC central and municipal governments may impose more stringent environmental regulations which would affect our ability to comply with, or our costs to comply with, such regulations. Such changes, if implemented, may adversely affect our business operations and may reduce our profitability.

8 

The PRC laws and regulations governing our current business operations are sometimes vague and uncertain. Any changes in such PRC laws and regulations may have a material adverse effect on our business.

There are substantial uncertainties regarding the interpretation and application of PRC laws and regulations, including, but not limited to, the laws and regulations governing our business, or the enforcement and performance of our arrangements with customers in the event of the imposition of statutory liens, death, bankruptcy and criminal proceedings. We are required to comply with PRC laws and regulations. These laws and regulations are sometimes vague and may be subject to future changes, and their official interpretation and enforcement may involve substantial uncertainty. The effectiveness of newly enacted laws, regulations or amendments may be delayed, resulting in detrimental reliance by foreign investors. New laws and regulations that affect existing and proposed future businesses may also be applied retroactively. We cannot predict what effect the interpretation of existing or new PRC laws or regulations may have on our operations, financial condition, and business prospects. 

A slowdown or other adverse developments in the PRC economy or other major economies all over the world may have a material adverse effect on our customers' demand for our services and our business. A slowdown in the economic growth in the PRC has recently occurred.

All of our revenues are currently generated in the PRC where all of our business operations are conducted. Because there are signs that the growth of PRC economy has slowed down over the last few years, we cannot assure you that such growth will continue. Moreover, China enjoys an export-oriented economy and it relies on external demand. The industrial waste treatment industry in the PRC is relatively new and growing, but we do not know how sensitive we are to a slowdown in economic growth or other adverse changes in the PRC economy which may affect demand for our products and services. A slowdown in overall economic growth, an economic downturn or recession or other adverse economic developments in the PRC or other major economies all over the world may materially reduce the demand for our products and services, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Inflation in the PRC could negatively affect our profitability and growth.

While the PRC economy has experienced rapid growth, such growth has been uneven among various sectors of the economy and in different geographical areas of the country. Rapid economic growth can lead to growth in the money supply and rising inflation. In order to control inflation in the past, the PRC government has imposed controls on bank credits, limits on loans for fixed assets and restrictions on state bank lending. Such an austere policy can lead to a slowing of economic growth, which may have an adverse effect on our business operations and financial condition.

Governmental control of currency conversion may affect the value of your investment.

The PRC government imposes controls on the convertibility of Renminbi, or RMB, into foreign currencies and, in certain cases, the remittance of currency out of the PRC. We receive all of our revenues in RMB, which is currently not a freely convertible currency. Shortages in the availability of foreign currency may restrict our ability to remit sufficient foreign currency to pay expenses and dividends, or otherwise satisfy foreign currency dominated obligations. Under existing PRC foreign exchange regulations, payments of current account items, including profit distributions, interest payments and expenditures from the transaction, can be made in foreign currencies without prior approval from the PRC State Administration of Foreign Exchange, or SAFE, by complying with certain procedural requirements. However, approval from appropriate governmental authorities is required where RMB is to be converted into foreign currency and remitted out of the PRC to pay capital expenses such as the repayment of bank loans denominated in foreign currencies.

The PRC government also may at its discretion restrict access in the future to foreign currencies for current account transactions. If the foreign exchange control system prevents us from obtaining sufficient foreign currency to satisfy our currency demands, we may not be able to pay certain of our expenses as they come due.

9 

The fluctuation of RMB may materially and adversely affect your investment.

The value of the RMB against the U.S. dollar and other currencies may fluctuate and is affected by, among other things, changes in the PRC's political and economic conditions. As we rely entirely on revenues earned in the PRC, any significant revaluation of RMB may materially and adversely affect our cash flows, revenues and financial condition. For example, to the extent that we need to convert U.S. dollars we receive from an offering of our securities into RMB for our operations, appreciation of the RMB against the U.S. dollar could cause the RMB equivalent of U.S. dollars to be reduced and therefore could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Conversely, if we decide to convert our RMB into U.S. dollars for the purpose of making dividend payments on our common stock or for other business purposes and the U.S. dollar appreciates against the RMB, the U.S. dollar equivalent of the RMB we convert would be reduced. In addition, the depreciation of significant U.S. dollar denominated assets could result in a change to our operations and a reduction in the value of these assets. In August 2015, the PRC government devalued the currency by approximately 3%. The impact of this devaluation is not currently determinable.

Because our principal assets are located outside of the United States and all of our directors and all our officers reside outside of the United States, it may be difficult for you to enforce your rights based on U.S. Federal Securities Laws against us and our officers and directors or to enforce a judgment of a United States court against us or our officers and directors in the PRC.

All of our directors and officers reside outside of the United States. In addition, substantially all of our assets are located outside of the United States. It may therefore be difficult for investors in the United States to enforce their legal rights based on the civil liability provisions of the U.S. Federal securities laws against us in the courts of either the U.S. or the PRC and, even if civil judgments are obtained in U.S. courts, to enforce such judgments in PRC courts. Further, it is unclear if extradition treaties now in effect between the United States and the PRC would permit effective enforcement against us or our officers and directors of criminal penalties, under the U.S. Federal securities laws or otherwise.

Adverse changes in economic and political policies of the PRC government could have a material adverse effect on the overall economic growth of China, which could adversely affect our business.

Substantially all of our business operations are conducted in China. Accordingly, our results of operations, financial condition and prospects are subject to a significant degree to economic, political and legal developments in China. China's economy differs from the economies of most developed countries in many respects, including with respect to the amount of government involvement, level of development, growth rate, and control of foreign exchange and allocation of resources.

Since the adoption of the "open door policy" in 1978 and the "socialist market economy" in 1993, the PRC government has been reforming and is expected to continue to reform its economic and political systems. Any changes in the political or economic policy of the PRC government may lead to changes in the laws and regulations or the interpretation of the same, as well as changes in the foreign exchange regulations, taxation and import and export restrictions, which may in turn adversely affect our financial performance. While the current policy of the PRC government seems to be one of imposing economic reform policies to encourage foreign investments and greater economic decentralization, there is no assurance that such a policy will continue to prevail in the future.

While the PRC economy has experienced significant growth in the past 30 years, growth has been uneven across different regions and among various economic sectors of China. The PRC government has implemented various measures to encourage economic development and guide the allocation of resources. Some of these measures benefit the overall PRC economy, but may also have a negative effect on us. For example, our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected by government control over capital investments or changes in tax regulations that are applicable to us. Since early 2004, the PRC government has implemented certain measures to control the pace of economic growth. Such measures may cause a decrease in the level of economic activity in China, including the manufacturing output of our customers, which, in turn, could adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and business prospects. The growth rate of the PRC economy has recently beguns to slowdown.

10 

Failure to comply with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and Chinese anti-corruption laws could subject us to penalties and other adverse consequences.

We are required to comply with China's anti-corruption laws and the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, which generally prohibits U.S. companies from engaging in bribery or other prohibited payments to foreign officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. In addition, we are required to maintain records that accurately and fairly represent our transactions and have an adequate system of internal accounting controls. Foreign companies, including some of our competitors, are not subject to these prohibitions. Corruption, extortion, bribery, pay-offs, theft and other fraudulent practices occur from time-to-time in mainland China. If our competitors engage in these practices, they may receive preferential treatment from some companies, giving our competitors an advantage in securing business or from government officials who might give them priority in obtaining new licenses, which would put us at a disadvantage. Although we inform our personnel that such practices are illegal, we cannot assure you that our employees or other agents will not engage in such conduct for which we might be held responsible. If our employees or other agents are found to have engaged in such practices, we could suffer severe penalties and other consequences that may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, our brand and reputation, our sales activities or the price of our ordinary shares could be adversely affected if we become the target of any negative publicity as a result of actions taken by our employees or other agents.

We do not have liability business interruption, litigation or natural disaster insurance.

The insurance industry in China is still at an early stage of development. In particular PRC insurance companies offer limited business products. As a result, we do not have any business liability, disruption insurance or any other forms of insurance coverage for our operations in China. Any potential liability, business interruption, litigation or natural disaster may result in our business incurring substantial costs and the diversion of resources.

Restrictions under PRC law on our PRC subsidiary's ability to make dividends and other distributions could materially and adversely affect our ability to grow, make investments or complete acquisitions that could benefit our business, pay dividends to you, and otherwise fund and conduct our businesses.

Substantially all of our revenues are earned by our PRC subsidiary. However, PRC regulations restrict the ability of our PRC subsidiary to make dividend and other payments to its offshore parent company. PRC legal restrictions permit payments of dividend by our PRC subsidiary only out of its accumulated after-tax profits, if any, determined in accordance with PRC accounting standards and regulations. Our PRC subsidiary is also required under PRC laws and regulations to allocate at least 10% of our annual after-tax profits determined in accordance with PRC GAAP to a statutory general reserve fund until the amounts in said fund reaches 50% of our registered capital. Allocations to these statutory reserve funds can only be used for specific purposes and are not transferable to us in the form of loans, advances or cash dividends. Any limitations on the ability of our PRC subsidiary to transfer funds to us could materially and adversely limit our ability to grow, make investments or acquisitions that could be beneficial to our business, pay dividends and otherwise fund and conduct our business. 

11 

Failure to comply with PRC regulations relating to the Foreign Exchange Registration for Oversea Investment and Return Investment by PRC resident.

In October 2005, SAFE issued the Notice on Relevant Issues in the Foreign Exchange Control over Financing and Return Investment Through Special Purpose Companies by Residents Inside China, generally referred to as Circular 75, which required PRC residents to register with the local SAFE branch before establishing or acquiring control over an offshore special purpose company, or SPV, for the purpose of engaging in an equity financing outside of China on the strength of domestic PRC assets originally held by those residents. Internal implementing guidelines issued by SAFE, which became public in June 2007 (known as Notice 106), expanded the reach of Circular 75 by (1) purporting to cover the establishment or acquisition of control by PRC residents of offshore entities which merely acquire "control" over domestic companies or assets, even in the absence of legal ownership; (2) adding requirements relating to the source of the PRC resident's funds used to establish or acquire the offshore entity; covering the use of existing offshore entities for offshore financings; (3) purporting to cover situations in which an offshore SPV establishes a new subsidiary in China or acquires an unrelated company or unrelated assets in China; and (4) making the domestic affiliate of the SPV responsible for the accuracy of certain documents which must be filed in connection with any such registration, notably, the business plan which describes the overseas financing and the use of proceeds.  Amendments to registrations made under Circular 75 are required in connection with any increase or decrease of capital, transfer of shares, mergers and acquisitions, equity investment or creation of any security interest in any assets located in China to guarantee offshore obligations, and Notice 106 makes the offshore SPV jointly responsible for these filings. In the case of an SPV which was established, and which acquired a related domestic company or assets, before the implementation date of Circular 75, a retroactive SAFE registration was required to have been completed before March 31, 2006; this date was subsequently extended indefinitely by Notice 106, which also required that the registrant establish that all foreign exchange transactions undertaken by the SPV and its affiliates were in compliance with applicable laws and regulations.  Failure to comply with the requirements of Circular 75, as applied by SAFE in accordance with Notice 106, may result in fines and other penalties under PRC laws for evasion of applicable foreign exchange restrictions. Any such failure could also result in the SPV's affiliates being impeded or prevented from distributing their profits and the proceeds from any reduction in capital, share transfer or liquidation to the SPV, or from engaging in other transfers of funds into or out of China.

We have advised our shareholders who are PRC residents, as defined in Circular 75, to register with the relevant branch of SAFE, as currently required, in connection with their equity interests in us and our acquisitions of equity interests in our PRC subsidiary and affiliate. However, we cannot provide any assurances that their existing registrations have fully complied with, and they have made all necessary amendments to their registration to fully comply with, all applicable registrations or approvals required by Circular 75. Moreover, because of uncertainty over how Circular 75 will be interpreted and implemented, and how or whether SAFE will apply it to us, we cannot predict how it will affect our business operations or future strategies. For example, our present and prospective PRC subsidiary's and affiliate's ability to conduct foreign exchange activities, such as the remittance of dividends and foreign currency-denominated borrowings, may be subject to compliance with Circular 75 by our PRC resident beneficial holders. In addition, such PRC residents may not always be able to complete the necessary registration procedures required by Circular 75. We also have little control over either our present or prospective direct or indirect shareholders or the outcome of such registration procedures. A failure by our PRC resident beneficial holders or future PRC resident shareholders to comply with Circular 75, if SAFE requires it, could subject these PRC resident beneficial holders to fines or legal sanctions, restrict our overseas or cross-border investment activities, limit our subsidiary's and affiliate's ability to make distributions or pay dividends or affect our ownership structure, which could adversely affect our business and prospects.

Risks Related to Our VIE Agreements 

The PRC government may determine that the VIE Agreements are not in compliance with applicable PRC laws, rules and regulations.

Baichuang Consulting provides support and consulting services to Jiangsu Xuefeng pursuant to the VIE Contractual Agreements.  Almost all economic benefits and risks arising from Jiangsu Xuefeng's operations are transferred to Baichuang Consulting under these agreements.  Details of the VIE Agreements are set out in "DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS   Contractual Arrangements with our Controlled Affiliate and its Shareholders" above.

There are risks involved with the operation of our business in reliance on the VIE Agreements, including the risk that the VIE Agreements may be determined by PRC regulators or courts to be unenforceable.  Our PRC counsel has provided a legal opinion that the VIE Agreements are binding and enforceable under PRC law, but has further advised that if the VIE Agreements were for any reason determined to be in breach of any existing or future PRC laws or regulations, the relevant regulatory authorities would have broad discretion in dealing with such breach, including:

12 

imposing economic penalties;

discontinuing or restricting the operations of Baichuang Consulting or Jiangsu Xuefeng;

imposing conditions or requirements in respect of the VIE Agreements with which Baichuang Consulting or Jiangsu Xuefeng may not be able to comply;

requiring our company to restructure the relevant ownership structure or operations;

taking other regulatory or enforcement actions that could adversely affect our company's business; and

revoking the business licenses and/or the licenses or certificates of Jiangsu Xuefeng, and/or voiding the VIE Agreements.

Any of these actions could adversely affect our ability to manage, operate and gain the financial benefits of Jiangsu Xuefeng, which would have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Our ability to control Jiangsu Xuefeng under the VIE Agreements may not be as effective as direct ownership.

We conduct our business in the PRC and currently generate virtually all of our revenues through the VIE Agreements. Our plans for future growth are based substantially on growing the operations of Jiangsu Xuefeng.  However, the VIE Agreements may not be as effective in providing us with control over Jiangsu Xuefeng as direct ownership.  The VIE Agreements do not provide us with day-to-day control over the operations of Jiangsu Xuefeng.  Under the current VIE arrangements, as a legal matter, if Jiangsu Xuefeng fails to perform its obligations under these contractual arrangements, we may have to (i) incur substantial costs and resources to enforce such arrangements, and (ii) rely on legal remedies under PRC law, which we cannot be sure would be effective. Therefore, if we are unable to effectively control Jiangsu Xuefeng, it may have an adverse effect on our ability to achieve our business objectives and grow our revenues.

As the VIE Agreements are governed by PRC law, we would be required to rely on PRC law to enforce our rights and remedies under them; PRC law may not provide us with the same rights and remedies as are available in contractual disputes governed by the laws of other jurisdictions.

The VIE Agreements are governed by PRC law and provide for the resolution of disputes through the jurisdiction of the courts in the PRC.  If Jiangsu Xuefeng or its shareholders fail to perform the obligations under the VIE Agreements, we would be required to resort to legal remedies available under PRC law, including seeking specific performance or injunctive relief, or claiming damages. We cannot be sure that such remedies would provide us with effective means of causing Jiangsu Xuefeng or its shareholders to meet their obligations, or recovering any losses or damages as a result of non-performance. Further, the legal environment in China is not as developed as in other jurisdictions. Uncertainties in the application of various laws, rules, regulations or policies in PRC legal system could limit our liability to enforce the VIE Agreements and protect our interests.

The payment arrangement under the VIE Agreements may be challenged by the PRC tax authorities.

We generate our revenues through the payments we receive pursuant to the VIE Agreements. Currently, all of our operations reside in the VIE which is required to pay our wholly owned subsidiary, Baichuang Consulting 95% of their earnings, as defined, plus a monthly consulting fee of RMB 100,000(approximately U.S.$16,000).  We could face adverse tax consequences if the PRC tax authorities determine that the VIE Agreements were not entered into based on arm's length negotiations. For example, PRC tax authorities may adjust our income and expenses for PRC tax purposes which could result in our being subject to higher taxes, or cause other adverse financial consequences.

13 

Item 9A. Control and Procedures.

(a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

Pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act"), the Company carried out an evaluation, with the participation of the Company's management, including the Company's Chief Executive Officer ("CEO") and Chief Financial Officer ("CFO"), of the effectiveness of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures (as defined under Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon that evaluation, the Company's CEO and CFO concluded that the Company's disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of May 31, 2016 to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that the Company files or submits under the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Company's management, including the Company's CEO and CFO, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.

(b) Management's Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

Management, including our CEO and CFO, is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a   15(f).  Management conducted an assessment as of May 31, 2016 of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in  Internal Control   Integrated Framework (2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ("COSO").  Based on that evaluation, the CEO and CFO concluded that, as of May 31, 2016, the Company had a material weakness with respect to its internal controls over financial reporting because it did not have a sufficient number of personnel to provide for adequate segregation of duties and independent review and approval of specific transactions.  In addition, the Company lacked a sufficient number of personnel with an appropriate level of knowledge and experience of generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America (U.S. GAAP).

Our management has identified the following steps to address the above material weakness:

(1) We have been working with a financial accountant to assist us in preparing our financial statements in accordance with US GAAP standards and SEC rules and regulations.

(2) We intend to hire, as needed, key accounting personnel with technical accounting expertise and reorganize the finance department to ensure that accounting personnel with adequate experience, skills and knowledge relating to complex, non-routine transactions are directly involved in the review and accounting evaluation of our complex, non-routine transactions.

Neither this Amendment No. 2 nor the Original 10-K and its subsequent amendment includes an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management's report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit us to provide only management's report in this Amendment No. 2 or the Original 10-K and its subsequent amendment.

(c) Changes in Internal Controls

There have been no changes in the Company's internal control over financial reporting during the latest fiscal quarter or year that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting.  

14 

PART III

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters

The following table sets forth, as of the date hereof, information with respect to the securities holdings of (i) our officers and directors, and (ii) all persons which, pursuant to filings with the SEC and our stock transfer records, we have reason to believe may be deemed the beneficial owner of more than five percent (5%) of the Common Stock. The securities "beneficially owned" by an individual are determined in accordance with the definition of "beneficial ownership" set forth in the regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act and, accordingly, may include securities owned by or for, among others, the spouse and/or minor children of an individual and any other relative who resides in the same home as such individual, as well as other securities as to which the individual has or shares voting or investment power or which each person has the right to acquire within 60 days through the exercise of options or otherwise. Beneficial ownership may be disclaimed as to certain of the securities.  Unless otherwise specified, the address of each of the persons set forth below is in care of the Company, 229 Tongda Avenue, Economic and Technological Development Zone, Suqian, Jiangsu Province, P.R. China 223800.

(1)

Under Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act, a beneficial owner of a security includes any person who, directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship, or otherwise has or shares: (i) voting power, which includes the power to vote, or to direct the voting of shares; and (ii) investment power, which includes the power to dispose or direct the disposition of shares. Certain shares may be deemed to be beneficially owned by more than one person (if, for example, persons share the power to vote or the power to dispose of the shares). In addition, shares are deemed to be beneficially owned by a person if the person has the right to acquire the shares (for example, upon exercise of an option) within 60 days of the date as of which the information is provided. In computing the percentage ownership of any person, the amount of shares outstanding is deemed to include the amount of shares beneficially owned by such person (and only such person) by reason of these acquisition rights.

(2)

Based on 55,200,000 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding as of August 30, 2016

(3)

As of August 30, 2016, Mr. Li Yuan has entered into authorization agreement with 72 shareholders of the Company, pursuant to which he has investing and dispositive power of shares held by these individuals including Yi Yuan.

15 

PART IV

Item 15. Exhibits

(a) Exhibits

*

Filed herewith

+

In accordance with the SEC Release 33-8238, deemed being furnished and not filed.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

CHINA XUEFENG ENVIRONMENTAL ENGINEERING INC.

Dated: December 27, 2016

By:

/s/ Li Yuan

Li Yuan

Chief Executive Officer   
  (Principal Executive Officer)

Dated: December 27, 2016

By:

/s/ Kuanfu Fan

Kuanfu Fan

Chief Financial Officer   
  (Principal Accounting Officer)

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

Name

Title

Date

/s/  Li Yuan 

Chief Executive Officer and

December 27, 2016

Li Yuan

Chairman of the Board of Directors

(Principal Executive Officer)

/s/  Kuanfu Fan 

Chief Financial Officer

December 27, 2016 

Kuanfu Fan

(Principal Accounting Officer)

/s/  Yi Yuan 

Director

December 27, 2016

Yi Yuan

/s/  Xiaojun Zhuang 

Director

December 27, 2016

Xiaojun Zhuang

16 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exhibit31_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

CERTIFICATION OF

PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER

PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a)

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF

THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I, Li Yuan, certify that:

1. I have reviewed this Amendment No. 2 to Annual Report on Form 10-K/A of China Xuefeng Environmental Engineering Inc. (the "Registrant"):

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4. The Registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13-a13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have:

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant's disclosure controls and procedures; and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and

5. The Registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting.

Dated: December 27, 2016

By:

/s/  Li Yuan 

Li Yuan

Chief Executive Officer

(Principal Executive Officer)

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exhibit31_2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2

CERTIFICATION OF

PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING OFFICER

PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a)

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF

THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I, Kuanfu Fan, certify that:

1. I have reviewed this Amendment No.2 to Annual Report on Form 10-K/A of China Xuefeng Environmental Engineering Inc. (the "Registrant"):

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4. The Registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13-a13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have:

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant's disclosure controls and procedures; and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and

5. The Registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting.

Dated: December 27, 2016

By:

/s/  Kuanfu Fan 

Kuanfun Fan

Chief Financial Officer

(Principal Accounting Officer)

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 exhibit32_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1  

CERTIFICATION OF

PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER

PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906

OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT of 2002

In connection with the Amendment No. 2 to the Annual Report of China Xuefeng Environmental Engineering Inc. (the "Company") on Form 10-K/A for the year ended May 31, 2016 (the "Report"), I, Li Yuan, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

Dated: December 27, 2016

By:

/s/  Li Yuan 

Li Yuan

Chief Executive Officer

(Principal Executive Officer)

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 exhibit32_2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2  

PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING OFFICER

PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906

OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT of 2002

In connection with the Amendment No. 2 to the Annual Report of China Xuefeng Environmental Engineering Inc. (the "Company") on Form 10-K/A for the year ended May 31, 2016 (the "Report"), I, Kuanfu Fan, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

Dated: December 27, 2016

By:

/s/  Kuanfu Fan 

Kuanfu Fan

Chief Financial Officer

(Principal Accounting Officer)

</EX-32.2>

