<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161110_10-Q_edgar_data_1533998_0001144204-16-133274_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3157124</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>73889</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>181859</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>736329</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1424798</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>669951</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>49</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-133274.hdr.sgml : 20161110
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161110160650
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-133274
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		46
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161110
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161110

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			DarioHealth Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001533998
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		IRS NUMBER:				452973162
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37704
		FILM NUMBER:		161988071

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		HALAMISH 9
		CITY:			CAESAREA INDUSTRIAL PARK
		STATE:			L3
		ZIP:			38900
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(972)-(3)-6222929

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		HALAMISH 9
		CITY:			CAESAREA INDUSTRIAL PARK
		STATE:			L3
		ZIP:			38900

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	LabStyle Innovations Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20111101

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-133274.txt : 20161110

10-Q
 1
 v452113_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

(Mark One) 

For the quarterly
period ended September 30, 2016  

For the transition
period from                     
to                       

Commission File No. 001-37704  

DarioHealth Corp.    
 
      (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)   

Delaware   
       45-2973162    
 
      (State or other jurisdiction of  
 incorporation or organization)  
      (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)   

9 Halamish Street  
          Caesarea Industrial
        Park, Israel   

3088900    
 
      (Address of Principal Executive Offices)  
      (Zip Code)   

n/a    
 
      (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report)   

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes  x    No     

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required
to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes  x   No     

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company.  See
the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer,  and  smaller reporting company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer  
         
      Accelerated filer   

Non-accelerated filer  
      x  
      Smaller reporting company   
 
  (Do not check if a smaller reporting
company) 

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act): Yes       No  x  

As of November 10,
2016, the registrant had 5,713,383 shares of common stock outstanding. 

When used in this quarterly
report, the terms  Dario,   the Company,   we,   our,  and  us  refer
to DarioHealth Corp., a Delaware corporation. 

DarioHealth Corp.  

Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q   

TABLE OF CONTENTS   

Page    

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements   
      1   

PART 1-FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item 1.  
      Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)  

Consolidated Balance Sheets   
      F-2   

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss   
      F-4   

Statements of Changes in Stockholders  Deficiency   
      F-5   

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows   
      F-6   

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   
      F-7   

Item 2.  
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
      2   

Item 3.  
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   
      7   

Item 4.  
       Control and Procedures   
      7   

PART II-OTHER INFORMATION    

Item 1A. 
      Risk Factors  
     8  

Item 2.  
       Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
      8   

Item 6.  
       Exhibits   
      8   

SIGNATURES    
      9   

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS  

Certain information
set forth in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including in Item 2,  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations  and elsewhere herein may address or relate to future events and expectations and as
such constitutes  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Act of 1995.
Statements which are not historical reflect our current expectations and projections about our future results, performance, liquidity,
financial condition, prospects and opportunities and are based upon information currently available to us and our management and
their interpretation of what is believed to be significant factors affecting our business, including many assumptions regarding
future events. Such forward-looking statements include statements regarding, among other things: 

our current and future capital requirements and our ability to satisfy our capital needs through financing transactions or otherwise;   

our launch and market penetration plans;   

our ability to manufacture, market and generate sales of our Dario  diabetes management solution;   

our ability to maintain our relationships with key partners;   

our ability to complete required clinical trials of our product and obtain clearance or approval from the United States Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, or other regulatory agencies in different jurisdictions;   

our ability to maintain or protect the validity of our U.S. and other patents and other intellectual property;   

our ability to retain key executive members;   

our ability to internally develop new inventions and intellectual property;   

interpretations of current laws and the passages of future laws; and   

acceptance of our business model by investors.   

Forward-looking statements,
which involve assumptions and describe our future plans, strategies, and expectations, are generally identifiable by use of the
words  may,   should,   would,   could,   scheduled,   expect, 
 anticipate,   estimate,   believe,   intend,   seek,  or  project 
or the negative of these words or other variations on these words or comparable terminology. Actual results, performance, liquidity,
financial condition and results of operations, prospects and opportunities could differ materially and perhaps substantially from
those expressed in, or implied by, these forward-looking statements as a result of various risks, uncertainties and other factors.
These statements may be found under the section of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 (filed on
February 8, 2016) entitled  Risk Factors  as well as in our other public filings. 

In light of these risks
and uncertainties, and especially given the start-up nature of our business, there can be no assurance that the forward-looking
statements contained herein will in fact occur. Readers should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. Except
as expressly required by the federal securities laws, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking
statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, changed circumstances or any other reason. 

DARIOHEALTH CORP. AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES  

  (Formerly: LABSTYLE INNOVATIONS CORP.)  

INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

AS OF SEPTEMBER 30, 2016  

UNAUDITED  

INDEX  

Page   

Consolidated Balance Sheets   
      F-2 - F-3   

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss   
      F-4   

Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity (Deficiency)   
      F-5    

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows   
      F-6   

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   
      F-7 - F-18   

DARIOHEALTH CORP. (FORMERLY: LABSTYLE
INNOVATIONS CORP.) AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES  

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS   
 
      U.S. dollars in thousands   

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the consolidated financial statements. 

DARIOHEALTH CORP. (FORMERLY: LABSTYLE
INNOVATIONS CORP.) AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES  

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS   
 
      U.S. dollars in thousands (except stock and stock data)   

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the consolidated financial statements. 

DARIOHEALTH CORP. (FORMERLY: LABSTYLE
INNOVATIONS CORP.) AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES  

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS   
 
      U.S. dollars in thousands (except stock and stock data)   

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the consolidated financial statements. 

DARIOHEALTH CORP. (FORMERLY: LABSTYLE INNOVATIONS
CORP.) AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES   

STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIENCY)    
 
       U.S. dollars in thousands (except stock and stock data)    

*) Represents an amount lower than $1. 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the consolidated financial statements. 

DARIOHEALTH CORP. (FORMERLY: LABSTYLE INNOVATIONS
CORP.) AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES  

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   
 
      U.S. dollars in thousands   

*) Represents an amount lower than $1. 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the consolidated financial statements. 

DARIOHEALTH CORP. (FORMERLY: LABSTYLE INNOVATIONS
CORP.) AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES  

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
 
      U.S. dollars in thousands (except stock and stock data)   

NOTE 1:-  GENERAL 

a.  DarioHealth Corp. (formerly: LabStyle Innovations Corp.) (the  Company ) was incorporated
in Delaware as LabStyle Innovations Corp. and commenced operations on August 11, 2011. In July 2016, the Company's Board of Directors
approved the change of the name of the Company to DarioHealth Corp., which became effective on July 28, 2016. The Company is a
digital health (mHealth) company that is developing and commercializing a patented and proprietary technology providing consumers
with laboratory-testing capabilities using smart phones and other mobile devices. The Company s flagship product, Dario TM ,
also referred to as the Dario TM  Smart Diabetes Management Solution, is a mobile, real-time, cloud-based, diabetes management
solution based on an innovative, multi-feature software application combined with a stylish,  all-in-one , pocket-sized,
blood glucose monitoring device, which we call the Dario TM  Smart Meter.   

b.  The Company s wholly owned subsidiary, LabStyle Innovation Ltd. ( Ltd.  or  Subsidiary ),
was incorporated and commenced operations on September 14, 2011 in Israel. Its principal business activity is to hold the Company s
intellectual property and to perform research and development, manufacturing, marketing and other business activities. Ltd. has
a wholly-owned subsidiary, LabStyle Innovations US LLC, a Delaware limited liability company ( LabStyle US ), which
was established in 2014; however, it has not started its operations to date.   

c.  During the nine months period ended September 30,
2016, the Company incurred operating losses and negative cash flows from operating activities amounting to $7,267 and $6,520,
respectively. The Company will be required to obtain additional liquidity resources in order to support the commercialization
of its products and maintain its research and development activities. The Company is addressing its liquidity needs by seeking
additional funding from public and/or private sources and by ramping up its commercial sales. There are no assurances, however,
that the Company will be able to obtain an adequate level of financial resources required for the short and long-term development
and commercialization of its product. According to management estimates, the Company has sufficient liquidity resources to continue
its planned activity into March 2017. 

These conditions
raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The accompanying consolidated financial
statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on recoverability and classification of assets
or the amounts and classification of liabilities that may result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

DARIOHEALTH CORP. (FORMERLY: LABSTYLE INNOVATIONS
CORP.) AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES  

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
 
      U.S. dollars in thousands (except stock and stock data)   

NOTE 1:-  GENERAL (Cont.) 

d.  On June 15, 2015, the Company held its 2015 Annual Meeting of Stockholders in which, among other
matters, Company stockholders approved an amendment to the Company s certificate of incorporation with respect to a reverse
split of the Company s issued and outstanding Common Stock in a ratio to be determined by the Company s Board of Directors.   

On February
17, 2016, the Company s Board of Directors approved a reverse split in a ratio of one-to-eighteen. The 2016 reverse split
was implemented on February 26, 2016 (the  2016 Reverse Split ). The amount of authorized Common Stock as well as the
par value for the Common Stock were not affected. Any fractional shares resulting from the 2016 Reverse Split were rounded up to
the nearest whole share. 

All Common
Stock, warrants, options and per share amounts set forth herein are presented to give retroactive effect to the 2016 Reverse Split
for all periods presented. 

e.  In December 2015, the United States Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) granted the
Subsidiary 510(k) clearance for the Dario TM  Blood Glucose Monitoring System, including its components, the Dario Blood
Glucose Meter, Dario TM  Blood Glucose Test Strips, Dario TM  Glucose Control Solutions and the Dario app on
the Apple iOS 6.1 platform and higher.   

f.  On March 4, 2016, the Company's Common Stock and warrants were approved for listing on the NASDAQ
Capital Market under the symbols  DRIO  and  DRIOW,  respectively .     

NOTE 2:-  SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

The significant
accounting policies applied in the audited annual consolidated financial statements of the Company as disclosed in the Company's
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 are applied consistently in these unaudited interim consolidated
financial statements, except for: 

a.  Revenue recognition:   

 Revenues are recognized in accordance
with Staff Accounting Bulletin ( SAB ) No. 104,  Revenue Recognition , when delivery has occurred or services have
been rendered, persuasive evidence of an agreement exists, the seller's price to the buyer is fixed or determinable and collectability
is probable. 

The Company derives revenues
from the sale of its Dario  Smart Meter and its related device-specific disposables test strip cartridges and lancets through
independent distributors or directly to end users. The Dario  software application is offered for a free download and the
Company does not obtain a recurring hosting commitment towards the end users relating specifically to the application. 

DARIOHEALTH CORP. (FORMERLY: LABSTYLE INNOVATIONS
CORP.) AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES  

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    
 
      U.S. dollars in thousands (except stock and stock data)   

NOTE 2:-  SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont.) 

Revenue recognition (Cont.): 

The Company generally has a
standard contract with its distributors. According to the agreements, all sales to distributors are final, no right of return or
price protection right is granted to such distributors and the Company is not a party to the agreements between distributors and
their customers. 

Commencing July 1, 2016, product
sales to distributors are recognized as revenues upon delivery as the fee is fixed or determinable and collectability is probable. 

The Company also generates revenues
from arrangements with health care providers which include supply of Dario  Smart Meters and software platform that requires
certain customization followed by monthly service, support and maintenance. 

When a sales arrangement contains
multiple elements, such as software and non-software components, the Company allocates revenue to each element based on a selling
price hierarchy as required according to ASC 605-25,  Multiple-Element Arrangements . The selling price for a deliverable
is based on its Vendor Specific Objective Evidence ( VSOE ), if available, third party evidence ( TPE )
if VSOE is not available, or estimated selling price ( ESP ) if neither VSOE nor TPE is available. The best estimate
of selling price is established considering several internal factors including, but not limited to, historical sales, pricing practices
and geographies in which the Company offers its products. The determination of ESP is judgmental. 

Revenues from software components
in sales arrangement contains multiple elements are recognized when all criteria outlined in ASC 985-605,  Software Revenue
Recognition  ( ASC 985-605 ), are met. Revenue from services is recognized when persuasive evidence of an arrangement
exists, delivery of the product has occurred or the services have been rendered, the fee is fixed or determinable and collectability
is probable. 

For multiple element arrangements
within ASC 985-605, revenues are allocated to the different elements in the arrangement under the  residual method 
when VSOE of fair value exist for all undelivered elements and no VSOE exists for the delivered elements. Under the residual method,
at the outset of the arrangement with the customer, the fair value of the undelivered elements is deferred and the remaining portion
of the arrangement fee is allocated to the delivered elements and is recognized as revenue when the basic criteria in ASC 985-605
have been met. Any discount in the arrangement is allocated to the delivered element. 

Since VSOE does not exist for
undelivered elements, revenues are recognized as one unit of accounting, on a straight-line basis over the term of the last deliverable
based on ASC 605-15,  Products  and ASC 985-605. 

Deferred revenues include advances
and payments received from customers, for which revenue has not yet been recognized. 

DARIOHEALTH CORP. (FORMERLY: LABSTYLE INNOVATIONS
CORP.) AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES  

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    
 
      U.S. dollars in thousands (except stock and stock data)   

NOTE 3:-  UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The accompanying
unaudited interim consolidated financial statements as of September 30, 2016, have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally
accepted accounting principles and standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board for interim financial information.
Accordingly, they do not include all the information and footnotes required by generally accepted accounting principles in the
United States for complete financial statements. In the opinion of management, the unaudited interim consolidated financial statements
include all adjustments of a normal recurring nature necessary for a fair presentation of the Company's consolidated financial
position as of September 30, 2016, and the Company's consolidated results of operations and the Company's consolidated cash flows
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. Results for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative
of the results that may be expected for the year ending December 31, 2016. 

NOTE 4:-  INVENTORIES 

NOTE 5:-  COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENT LIABILITIES 

From time to time the Company is involved in claims and legal
proceedings. The Company reviews the status of each matter and assesses its potential financial exposure. If the potential loss
from any claim or legal proceeding is considered probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated, the Company accrues a liability
for the estimated loss.    

DARIOHEALTH CORP. (FORMERLY: LABSTYLE INNOVATIONS
CORP.) AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES  

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    
 
       U.S. dollars in thousands (except stock and stock data)    

NOTE 6:-  STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIENCY) AND CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED
SHARES 

a.  On February 18, 2016, the Company entered into a Preferred Stock Conversion Agreement with the
holders of the Series A Preferred Stock (the  Purchasers ) according to which the then currently outstanding 1,984 shares
of the Series A Preferred Stock would be converted into 623,672 shares of our Common Stock, reflecting an increase of 25% in the
original number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock. Accordingly, in March 2016
the Company issued to the remaining Purchasers 623,672 shares of Common Stock and recorded an increase of $2,277 to additional
paid in capital, net of issuance costs. The increase of 25% in the original number of shares of Common Stock issued to the Purchasers
was accounted for as change in the conversion terms in the Company's financial statements and a deemed dividend in the amount of
$455 was recorded to the Statement of Changes in Equity (Deficiency).   

b.  On April 3, 2015, the Company's Board of Directors approved the issuance of restricted Common Stock
( Compensation Shares ) to directors, officers and employees of the Company as consideration for a reduction in or
waiver of cash salary or fees owed to such individuals. During the nine month period ended September 30, 2016, the Company issued
57,910 Compensation Shares to certain members of the Board of Directors and officers as consideration for a waiver of cash owed
to such individuals amounting to $310.   

The March 2016 Warrants are
exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis if no registration statement covering the resale of the shares issuable upon exercise
of the Warrants is available. 

In addition, the Company granted
to the underwriters in the offering a 45-day option period to purchase up to 200,000 additional shares of Common Stock and/or 200,000
warrants (the  Option Warrants ) each to purchase one share of Common Stock at the public offering price less underwriting
discounts and commissions to cover over-allotments. The underwriters agreed to purchase the shares and March 2016 Warrants from
the Company, with the option to purchase the option securities, pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement, at a purchase price of
$4.185 per Share and $0.0093 per Warrant. On March 4, 2016, the Underwriters exercised the Option with respect to the Option Warrants.
The shares, March 2016 Warrants and Option Warrants were offered, issued and sold under a prospectus filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) pursuant to an effective registration statement filed with the SEC. In connection
with the Public Offering, the Company agreed to issue to the representatives of the underwriters five-year warrants (the  Representatives 
Warrants ) to purchase up to 153,333 shares of Common Stock. 

DARIOHEALTH CORP. (FORMERLY: LABSTYLE INNOVATIONS
CORP.) AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES  

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
 
      U.S. dollars in thousands (except stock and stock data)   

NOTE 6:-  STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIENCY) AND CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED
SHARES (Cont.) 

In connection with the Public
Offering, the Representatives  Warrants are exercisable at a per share exercise price equal to $5.625 per share of Common
Stock for cash or on a cashless basis if no registration statement covering the resale of the shares issuable upon exercise of
the Representatives  Warrants is available. 

On March 3, 2016, concurrent
with the Public Offering, the Company entered into securities purchase agreements (the  Securities Purchase Agreements )
with certain existing stockholders (the  Investors ) with respect to the sale in a private placement (the  Private
Offering ) of 555,555 of the Company s units (the  Units ). The purchase price per Unit was $4.50 and the
total consideration amounted to $2,500, net of issuance costs. Each Unit sold in the Private Offering is comprised of (i) one share
of Common Stock, and (ii) one warrant to purchase 1.2 shares of Common Stock (the  2016 Series A Warrant ) which is
immediately exercisable at an exercise price of $4.50 per share of Common Stock and expires 5 years from the date of issuance.
In total, in the Private Offering, the Company issued 555,555 shares of Common Stock and 2016 Series A Warrants exercisable for
an aggregate of 666,666 shares of Common Stock. The 2016 Series A Warrants are exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis if no
registration statement covering the resale of the shares issuable upon exercise of the 2016 Series A Warrants is available. 

In connection with the Private
Offering, the Company agreed to issue to two non-U.S. finders an aggregate of 44,444 restricted shares of Common Stock, 73,333
warrants to purchase Common Stock at an exercise price of $4.50 per share which expire 5 years from the date of issuance, and 38,889
non-plan stock options which have an exercise price of $0.0001 per share and are fully vested and exercisable after the lapse of
four months from the grant date. 

The Public
Offering and Private Offering triggered the anti-dilution mechanism of the warrants issued in the 2011-2012 Private Placement (as
hereinafter defined) by adjusting the current exercise price of the warrants for the investors and placement agent to $3.59 per
share and an additional 415,316 and 78,662 shares became subject to such warrants, respectively. In addition, the exercise price
of the placement agent's warrants in the 2011-2012 Private Placement, was adjusted to $3.33 per share and an additional 48,054
warrants were issued. 

d.  In March 2016, the Company issued 20,000 shares of Common Stock under the 2012 Equity Incentive
Plan to an officer according to the Israeli sub-plan. Consequently, the Company recorded General and Administrative expenses amounting
to $86.   

DARIOHEALTH CORP. (FORMERLY: LABSTYLE INNOVATIONS
CORP.) AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES  

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
 
      U.S. dollars in thousands (except stock and stock data)   

NOTE 6:-    STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIENCY) AND CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED
SHARES (Cont.)  

In July 2016, following the request
of substantially all of the buyers to amend the term of the existing warrants, the Company's Board of Directors approved a Warrant
Amendment Agreement, according to which the term of the 2015 Series A Warrants were extended by one year and the exercise price
was amended to $6.66   per share. This modification is considered a modification of the original terms of the 2015 Series
A Warrants and therefore the Company recorded a deemed dividend in the amount of approximately $265 in the third quarter of 2016. 

f.  On August 10, 2016, the Company entered into an agreement (the  Agreement ) with Dicilyon
Consulting and Investment Ltd., an existing stockholder (the  Stockholder ), and David Edery, who previously purchased
certain securities from the Company, which were granted certain registration right which required, among other things, the continued
effectiveness of certain registration statements. In consideration of the Stockholder waiving its registration right with respect
to the previously purchased securities, the Company agreed to issue to the Stockholder a warrant, or the Warrant, to purchase 300,000
shares of our Common Stock at an exercise price of $4.50 per share exercisable for a period of 4.5 years from the date of the Agreement.
In addition, the Company has also agreed to register the shares of Common Stock underlying the Warrant. The Warrant is exercisable
for cash or on a cashless basis if a registration statement covering the shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants is unavailable.
As a result of the Agreement the Company recorded registration right waiver in the amount of $650 as financial expense, net in
the third quarter of 2016.   

DARIOHEALTH CORP. (FORMERLY: LABSTYLE INNOVATIONS
CORP.) AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES  

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
 
      U.S. dollars in thousands (except stock and stock data)   

NOTE 6:-    STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIENCY) AND CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED
SHARES (Cont.)  

h.  Stock option compensation:   

Transactions related to the grant of options to employees, directors and non-employees under the
above plans during the nine month period ended September 30, 2016 were as follows:   

The aggregate intrinsic value in the table above represents the total intrinsic value (the difference
between the Company's closing stock price on the last day of the third quarter of 2016 and the exercise price, multiplied by the
number of in-the-money options) that would have been received by the option holders had all option holders exercised their options
on September 30, 2016. This amount is impacted by the changes in the fair market value of the Common Stock.   

As of September 30, 2016, the total amount of unrecognized stock-based compensation expense was
approximately $778 which will be recognized over a weighted average period of 1.14 years.   

DARIOHEALTH CORP. (FORMERLY: LABSTYLE INNOVATIONS
CORP.) AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES  

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
 
      U.S. dollars in thousands (except stock and stock data)   

NOTE 6:-    STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIENCY) AND CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED
SHARES (Cont.)  

The total compensation cost related to all of the Company's equity-based awards recognized during
the nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was comprised as follows:   

NOTE 7:-  FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS 

ASC 820,  Fair
Value Measurements and Disclosures  ( ASC 820 ), defines fair value as the price that would be received from
selling an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date.
When determining the fair value measurements for assets and liabilities required to be recorded at fair value, the Company considers
the principal or most advantageous market in which it would transact and considers assumptions that market participants would use
when pricing the asset or liability, such as inherent risk, transfer restrictions and risk of nonperformance. 

ASC 820 also
establishes a fair value hierarchy that requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable
inputs when measuring fair value. A financial instrument's categorization within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest
level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. ASC 820 establishes three levels of inputs that may be used to
measure fair value: 

Level 1 -  quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or
liabilities; 

Level 2 -  inputs other than Level 1 that are observable, either
directly or indirectly, such as quoted prices in active markets for similar assets or liabilities, quoted prices for identical
or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active, or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by
observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities; or 

Level 3 -   unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no
market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities. 

DARIOHEALTH CORP. (FORMERLY: LABSTYLE INNOVATIONS
CORP.) AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES  

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
 
      U.S. dollars in thousands (except stock and stock data)   

NOTE 7:-    FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS (Cont.)  

The placement agent for the
2011   2012 Private Placement and its permitted designees were granted warrants to purchase an aggregate of (i) 5,358 shares
of Common Stock at the exercise price of $90.00 per share and (ii) 5,358 shares of Common Stock at the exercise price of $135.00
per share. Subsequent to the issuance of the 2011   2012 Private Placement warrants the original exercise price of the warrants
for the investors and placement agent was adjusted from $135.00 per share to $3.59 per share and additional 950,152 and 180,557
warrants were issued, respectively. In addition, the exercise price for the placement agent warrants of the 2011   2012 Private
Placement, with an original exercise price of $90.00 per share was adjusted to $3.33 per share and an additional 119,705 warrants
were issued. The majority of the warrants granted to the placement agents to purchase shares of Common Stock expired unexercised
during the second quarter of 2016. 

The warrants of the 2011-2012
Private Placement contain non-standard anti-dilution protection provisions and the warrants of a private placement that occurred
in September 2014 (the  2014 Private Placement ) contain a net settlement cash feature and liquidated damages penalties
and therefore the Company accounts for such warrants as a liability according to the provisions of ASC 815-40  Contracts
in entity s own equity,  and re-measures such liability using the Binomial option-pricing model as described below. 

In estimating the warrants' fair value, the Company used the following assumptions:   

Investors'
warrants in 2011-2012 Private Placement: 

DARIOHEALTH CORP. (FORMERLY: LABSTYLE INNOVATIONS
CORP.) AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES  

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
 
      U.S. dollars in thousands (except stock and stock data)   

NOTE 7:-    FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS (Cont.)  

Investors'
warrants in September 2014 Private Placement: 

(1)  Risk-free interest rate - based on yield rates of non-index linked U.S. Federal Reserve treasury
bonds.   

(2)  Expected volatility - was calculated   based
on actual historical stock price movements of the Company together with companies in the same industry over a 
 term that is equivalent to the expected term of the option. 

(3)  Expected life - the expected life was based on the expiration date of the warrants.   

(4)  Expected dividend yield - was based on the fact that the Company has not paid dividends to its
stockholders in the past and does not expect to pay dividends to its stockholders in the future.   

(5)  The changes in Level 3 liabilities associated with the 2011-2012 Private Placement and the September
2014 Private Placement warrants are measured at fair value on a recurring basis. The following tabular presentation reflects the
components of the liability associated with such warrants as of September 30, 2016:   

DARIOHEALTH CORP. (FORMERLY: LABSTYLE INNOVATIONS
CORP.) AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES  

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
 
      U.S. dollars in thousands (except stock and stock data)   

NOTE 7:-    FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS (Cont.)  

As of September 30, 2016, there
were outstanding warrants to purchase 1,030,469 shares of Common Stock from the above issuances which were recorded as a liability.
973,705 of these warrants expired unexercised on October 26, 2016. 

NOTE 8:-  FINANCIAL EXPENSES (INCOME), NET 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations  

The following financial
data in this narrative are expressed in  thousands , except for stock and stock data or as otherwise noted.  

On February 26,
2016, we affected a 1-for-18 reverse stock split of our outstanding common stock, which we refer to herein as the  reverse
split . Our authorized common stock and the par value of our common stock were not impacted by the reverse split. References
in this Quarterly Report to our capitalization and other matters pertaining to our common stock relate to our capitalization and
common stock after giving effect to the reverse split.  

The following discussion
should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto included elsewhere in this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q and the consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
year ended December 31, 2015.  

This discussion
contains certain forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results and the timing of certain
events could differ materially from those discussed in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including,
but not limited to, those set forth herein and elsewhere in this Quarterly Report and in our other filings with the Securities
and Exchange Commission. See  Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements.   

We are a digital health
(mHealth) company that is developing and commercializing a patented and proprietary technology providing consumers with laboratory-testing
capabilities using smart phones and other mobile devices. Our principal operating subsidiary, LabStyle Innovation Ltd., is an Israeli
company with its headquarters in Caesarea, Israel. We were formed on August 11, 2011 as a Delaware corporation. Effective as of
July 28, 2016, we changed our name from LabStyle Innovations Corp. to DarioHealth Corp. Our flagship product, Dario TM ,
is a mobile, real-time, cloud-based, diabetes management solution based on an innovative, multi-feature software application combined
with a stylish,  all-in-one , pocket-sized, blood glucose monitoring device, which we call the Dario TM  Smart
Meter. 

We commenced a commercial
launch of the free Dario TM  application in the United Kingdom in late 2013 and commenced an initial soft launch of the
full Dario TM  solution (including the app and the Smart Meter) in selected jurisdictions in March 2014 with the goal
of collecting customer feedback to refine our longer-term roll-out strategy and continued to scale up launch during 2014 in the
United Kingdom, the Netherlands and New Zealand, in 2015 in Australia, Israel and Canada and in 2016 in the United States. We are
consistently adding additional features and functionality in making Dario TM  Smart Diabetes Management Solution the new
standard of care in diabetes data management. 

In the United States
we commenced commercialization in March 2016 and intend to continue to generate demand through a digital direct to consumer marketing
campaign. Customers are currently able to purchase the product directly through our proprietary e-store where they can also subscribe
to a subscription-based service. In July 2016, we signed an agreement with GEMCO Medical, an established healthcare distributor
and a pioneer in the diabetes supply industry, to become the first authorized United States distributor of Dario TM  and
to complement the Company's direct-to-consumer model to further expand and strengthen its presence in the United States. Also during
July 2016, we launched our Australian proprietary e-store where customers may subscribe to a subscription-based service. Additional
third party distribution channels are expected to be established through the fourth quarter of 2016, although there is no guarantee
we will be successful. We also intend to continue to broaden our reach via distribution agreements with national and regional durable
medical equipment and pharmacy chains. 

Through our Israeli
subsidiary, LabStyle Innovation Ltd., our plan of operations is to continue the development of our software and hardware offerings
and related technology. To date, we successfully launched the Dario TM  Smart Diabetes Management Solution according to
plan and are currently expanding the launch to other jurisdictions. In support of these goals, we intend to utilize our funds for
the following activities: 

ramp up of mass production, marketing, distribution and sales efforts related to the Dario TM  application, Smart Meters and test strips;    

investing in our digital marketing efforts in the United States and expand them to other markets like Australia and Canada;   

continued product development and related activities (including costs associated with application development and data storage capabilities as well as any necessary design modifications to the various elements of the Dario TM  solution);    

continued work on registration of our patents worldwide;    

regulatory matters;    

professional fees associated with being a publicly reporting company; and    

general and administrative matters.    

According to our management s
estimates, based on our budget and the launch of our commercial sales, we believe that we will have sufficient resources to continue
our activity only into March 2017. This includes anticipated inflows from sales of Dario TM  through distribution partners
and our sales in the United States. If we are unable to scale up our commercial launch of Dario TM  or meet our commercial
sales targets (or if we are unable to increase our revenues), and if we are unable to obtain additional capital resources, we may
be unable to continue activities, absent a material alterations in our business plans and our business might fail as a result. 

Critical Accounting Policies  

Reference is made to
Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation of our Annual Report on Form
10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 (filed on February 8, 2016) with respect to our Critical Accounting Policies, which have
not changed, except for: 

Revenues are recognized in accordance with
Staff Accounting Bulletin ( SAB ) No. 104, Revenue Recognition, when delivery has occurred or services have been rendered,
persuasive evidence of an agreement exists, the seller's price to the buyer is fixed or determinable and collectability is probable. 

We derive revenues from the sale of our
Dario  Smart Meter and its related device-specific disposables test strip cartridges and lancets through independent distributors
or directly to end users. The Dario  software application is offered for a free download and we do not obtain a recurring
hosting commitment towards the end users relating specifically to the application. 

We generally have a standard contract with
our distributors. According to the agreements, all sales to distributors are final, no right of return or price protection right
is granted to such distributors and we are not a party to the agreements between distributors and their customers. 

Commencing July 1, 2016, product sales to
distributors are recognized as revenues upon delivery as the fee is fixed or determinable and collectability is probable. 

We also generate revenues from arrangements
with health care providers which include supply of Dario  Smart Meters and software platform that requires certain customization
followed by monthly service, support and maintenance. 

When a sales arrangement contains multiple
elements, such as software and non-software components, we allocate revenue to each element based on a selling price
hierarchy as required according to ASC 605-25,  Multiple-Element Arrangements . The selling price for a deliverable
is based on its Vendor Specific Objective Evidence ( VSOE ), if available, third party evidence ( TPE )
if VSOE is not available, or estimated selling price ( ESP ) if neither VSOE nor TPE is available. The best estimate
of selling price is established considering several internal factors including, but not limited to, historical sales, pricing practices
and geographies in which the Company offers its products. The determination of ESP is judgmental. 

Revenues from software components in sales
arrangement contains multiple elements are recognized when all criteria outlined in ASC 985-605,  Software Revenue Recognition 
( ASC 985-605 ), are met. Revenue from services is recognized when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery
of the product has occurred or the services have been rendered, the fee is fixed or determinable and collectability is probable. 

For multiple element arrangements within
ASC 985-605, revenues are allocated to the different elements in the arrangement under the  residual method  when VSOE
of fair value exist for all undelivered elements and no VSOE exists for the delivered elements. Under the residual method, at the
outset of the arrangement with the customer, the fair value of the undelivered elements is deferred and the remaining portion of
the arrangement fee is allocated to the delivered elements and is recognized as revenue when the basic criteria in ASC 985-605
have been met. Any discount in the arrangement is allocated to the delivered element. 

Since VSOE does not exist for undelivered
elements, revenues are recognized as one unit of accounting, on a straight-line basis over the term of the last deliverable based
on ASC 605-15,  Products  and ASC 985-605. 

Deferred revenues include advances and payments
received from customers, for which revenue has not yet been recognized. 

Results of Operations   

Comparison of the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015 (in thousands)   

Revenues  

Revenues for the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2016 amounted to $728 and $1,965, respectively, compared to $273 and $515 during the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. The increase in revenues in the three and nine months ended September 30,
2016 compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 is mainly a result of our continuing market penetration in
the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Australia, Israel, Canada and the United States. 

Revenues are derived
from the successful launch of the Dario  Smart Meter and related disposables in the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, New
Zealand, Australia, Israel, Canada and the United States as well as services rendered to Maccabi Healthcare in Israel. We recognize
revenue when delivery has occurred or services have been rendered, persuasive evidence of an agreement exists, the seller's price
to the buyer is fixed or determinable and collectability is probable. 

Cost of Revenues  

In the quarter ended
September 30, 2016, we reached gross profit. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, we recorded costs related
to revenues in the amount of $652 and $2,148, out of which $32 resulted from a write off of deferred inventory balance that was
recorded as a result of a legal settlement with a former distributor and write offs of an inventory balance of $48 and of machinery
equipment of $14 that was recorded as a result of a change in manufacturer that allowed us to increase our manufacturing capacity.
In addition, our cost of revenues for the nine month period ended September 30, 2016 also includes $118 that was recorded to cover
inventory write-downs due to net realized value which was lower than original cost. During the three and nine months ended September
30, 2015, we recorded cost of revenues and costs related to ramp up of manufacturing in the amount of $404 and $1,111, respectively,
out of which $32 and $138, respectively, were recorded to cover inventory write-downs due to net realized value which was lower
than original cost. The gross profit recorded in the quarter ended September 30, 2016, was a result from the increase in the volume
of revenue during the quarter. 

Cost of revenues consists
mainly of the cost of device and consumables production, employees  salaries and related overhead costs, depreciation of
production line and related cost of equipment used in production, shipping and handling costs and inventory write-downs. 

Research and Development Expenses  

Our research and development
expenses decreased by $8, or 1%, to $659 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $667 for the three months ended
September 30, 2015, and decreased by $414, or 21%, to $1,577 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $1,991 for
the nine months ended September 30, 2015. This decrease was mainly due to decreases in our stock based compensation, product development,
clinical trials, and regulation and overhead costs. 

Research and development
expenses consist mainly of payroll expenses to personnel involved in research and development activities, patent registration
costs and expenses related to our Dario TM  software application and related Smart Meter device. 

Sales, Marketing and Pre-Production Expenses  

Our sales, marketing and pre-production
expenses increased by $1,116, or 268%, to $1,533 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $417 for the three months
ended September 30, 2015, and increased by $2,263, or 243%, to $3,194 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to
$931 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. These increases were mainly due to the commencement of our sales and marketing
efforts in the United States, increase in costs of on line marketing campaigns, sales and marketing consultants and subcontractors
and employee payroll. 

Sales
and marketing expenses consist mainly of payroll expenses, on line marketing of the Dario TM , and marketing consultants
and subcontractors.   

General and Administrative Expenses  

Our general and administrative expenses
decreased by $727, or 55%, to $605 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $1,332 for the three months ended
September 30, 2015, and decreased by $5, or 0%, to $2,313 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $2,318 for the
nine months ended September 30, 2015. These decreases were mainly due to decreases in our stock based compensation offset by increases
in employee payroll and bonuses. 

Our general and administrative expenses
consist mainly of payroll, bonus and stock based compensation expenses for management and employees, legal and professional expenses
and office rent and related expenses. 

Financial Income, net  

Our finance income, net for the three and
nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $980 and $1,618, respectively, compared to financial income, net of $718 and $366 for
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. The increases in financial income were mainly due to revaluation
of warrants issued to investors, which are recorded as liability and presented at fair value each reporting period, offset by finance
expense recorded in the third quarter of 2016 with respect to a  registration right waiver obtained in exchange for warrants. 

Finance expenses or income include mainly
the results of a revaluation of warrants to investors and a former placement agent, which are recorded as a liability and presented
at fair value each reporting period.  

Net loss  

Net loss decreased by $88, or 5%, to $1,741
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $1,829 for the three months ended September 30, 2015 and increased by
$179, or 3%, to $5,649 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $5,470 for the nine months ended September 30,
2015. The decrease in net loss for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015
was mainly due to gross profit of $76 we recognized in the three months ended September 30, 2016 as well as financial income of
$980 that was recognized in the three months ended September 30, 2016 offset by an increase of $381 in operating expenses compared
to the three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in net loss for the nine month period ended September 30, 2016 compared
to the nine month period ended September 30, 2015 was mainly due to a decrease of $413 in the gross loss we recorded in the nine
month period ended September 30, 2016 as well as financial income of $1,618 that was recognized during the nine month period ended
September 30, 2016, offset by an increase of $1,844 in operating expenses compared to the nine month period ended September 30,
2015. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

As of September 30, 2016, we had approximately
$3,339 in cash and cash equivalents compared to $1,908 at September 30, 2015. 

We have experienced cumulative losses of
$49,723 from inception (August 11, 2011) through September 30, 2016, and have a stockholders  equity of $4,360 at September
30, 2016. In addition, we have not completed our efforts to establish a stable recurring source of revenues sufficient to cover
our operating costs and expect to continue to generate losses for the foreseeable future. There is no assurance that we will be
able to obtain an adequate level of financing needed for the long-term development and commercialization of our product. These
conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a  going concern . 

Since inception, we have financed our operations
primarily through private placements and public offerings of our common stock and warrants to purchase shares of our common stock,
receiving aggregate net proceeds totaling $38,780 as of September 30, 2016, approximately $5,038 and $2,500 of which were raised
during March 2016 pursuant to a concurrent public offering and private placement, respectively, pursuant to which we issued a total
of 1,333,333 and 555,555, respectively, shares of our common stock and 1,533,333 and 666,666, respectively, warrants to purchase
an aggregate of 2,199,999 shares of our common stock. In connection with the public offering, we agreed to grant to the placement
agent up to 153,333 warrants at an exercise price of $5.625 per share, and to certain finders that assisted with the private placement
44,444 restricted shares of common stock, 38,889 non-plan stock options to purchase 38,889 shares of our common stock, and 73,333
warrants at an exercise price of $4.50 per share. In addition, we have an effective Registration Statement on Form S-3, filed under
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, with the Securities and Exchange Commission using a  shelf  registration process.
Under this shelf registration process, we may, from time to time, sell common stock, warrants or units in one or more offerings
up to a total dollar amount of $40 million. 

According to
our management s estimates, based on our budget and the initial launch of our commercial sales, we believe that we
will have sufficient resources to continue our activity into March 2017 without raising additional capital. This includes
an amount of anticipated inflows from sales of Dario TM  through distribution partners and to direct customers.
While we previously reported that we believed we would have sufficient resources to continue our activity into June 2017, we
have revised our estimates due to increased costs associated with the marketing of our products. 

As such, we have a significant present need
for capital. If we are unable to scale up our commercial launch of Dario TM  or meet our commercial sales targets (or
if we are unable to generate any revenue at all), and if we are unable to obtain additional capital resources in the near term,
we may be unable to continue activities absent material alterations in our business plans and our business might fail. 

Additionally, our available resources may
be consumed more rapidly than we currently anticipate, resulting in the need for additional funding sooner than we expect. Should
this occur, we will need to seek additional capital earlier than anticipated in order to fund (1) further development and, if needed,
testing of our Dario TM  Smart Meter and its related application and data storage components, (2) our efforts to obtain
regulatory clearances or approvals necessary to be able to commercially launch Dario TM , (3) expenses which will be required
in order to expand production of Dario TM , (4) sales and marketing efforts and (5) general working capital. Such funding
may be unavailable to us on acceptable terms, or at all. Our failure to obtain such funding when needed could create a negative
impact on our stock price or could potentially lead to the failure of our company. This would particularly be the case if we are
unable to commercially launch Dario TM  in the jurisdictions and in the timeframes we expect. 

Cash Flows  

The following tables sets forth selected
cash flow information for the periods indicated: 

Net cash used in operating activities   

Net cash used in operating
activities was $6,520 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $4,214 used in operations for the same period in
2015. Cash used in operations increased due to the increase in the volume of our operations 
 and market penetration activities that we carry out .  

Net cash used in investing activities   

Net cash used in investing activities was
$560 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $65 for the same period in 2015. Cash used in investing activities
increased due to production line investments that we made during the nine month period ended September 30, 2016 with the aim of
improving the capabilities and efficiency of our production lines.. 

Net cash provided by financing
activities   

Net cash provided by
financing activities was $7,748 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $4,734 for the same period in 2015. During
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 we raised net proceeds of approximately $7,538 through our March 2016 public offering
and private placement transactions. During the nine months ended September 30, 2015 we raised net proceeds in an amount of $4,734,
of which $1,956 was raised through our February 2015 Private Placement, $450 was raised in May 2015 through our warrant exercise
and replacement agreements with the purchasers from our February 2015 private placement and $2,325 was raised through our July
2015 Private Placement. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

As of September 30,
2016, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4) of Regulation S-K. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
Risk.  

We are a smaller reporting
company and therefore are not required to provide the information for this item of Form 10-Q. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures.   

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls
and Procedures  

As
of the end of the period covered by this Report, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, or the Certifying Officers,
conducted evaluations of our disclosure controls and procedures. As defined under Sections 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, the term  disclosure controls and procedures 
means controls and other procedures of an issuer that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the issuer
in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time
periods specified in the rules and forms of the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC. Disclosure controls and procedures
include without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by an issuer in
the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the issuer s management, including
the Certifying Officers, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 

Based
on their evaluation, the Certifying Officers concluded that, as of September 30, 2016, our disclosure controls and procedures were
designed at a reasonable assurance level and were therefore effective.   

Changes in Internal Control over
Financial Reporting  

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 that
have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Limitations on the Effectiveness
of Internal Controls  

Readers are cautioned that our management
does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting will necessarily prevent
all fraud and material error. An internal control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable,
not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems,
no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within our control
have been detected. The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of
future events, and there can be no assurance that any control design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential
future conditions. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with
the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

PART II- OTHER INFORMATION  

Item
1A. Risk Factors  

Except as set forth below, there have been no material changes
to the Risk Factors set forth in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 8, 2016. 

We have recently commenced commercialization and marketing
efforts for our products and these efforts may result in expenses that are unforeseen or greater than we currently anticipate.

We recently commenced commercialization
efforts of our products in the United States, and abroad, and intend to continue to generate demand through a digital direct to
consumer marketing campaign. In addition, we have sought relationships with third party distributors in order to complement our
direct-to-consumer model to further expand and strengthen our presence in the United States. In support of these commercialization
efforts, we have significantly ramped up our digital marketing efforts in the United States and other markets, as well as increased
our efforts with respect to mass production, marketing, distribution and sales efforts related to our Dario TM  application,
Smart Meters and test strips, and as a result we have expended more capital than previously anticipated. 

We currently believe that we will have sufficient resources to continue our activity into March 2017 without
raising additional capital. This includes an amount of anticipated inflows from sales of Dario TM  through distribution
partners and to direct customers. However, we may be subject to unforeseen or greater than anticipated expenses relating to our
commercialization efforts, such as increased marketing or production expenses. An unforeseen or greater than anticipated increase
in such expenses may cause us to curtail our commercialization efforts or require us to seek additional sources of financing. If
we are unable to obtain adequate financing, we may not be able to successfully to proceed with our commercialization and marketing
plans. As a result, we may need to curtail business operations which would have a material negative effect on operating results,
the value of our outstanding stock is likely to fall, and our business may fail causing our stockholders to lose their entire investment. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of
Proceeds.  

As of September
30, 2016, we issued an aggregate of 6,558 shares of our common stock to our U.S. directors pursuant to our Shares for Salary
Program, in lieu of cash payments due for services rendered during the three month period ended June 30, 2016. We claimed
exemption from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, for the
foregoing transactions under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 

Item 6. Exhibits.  

No.   
       
       Description of Exhibit    
 
      31.1*  
       
      Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a).   
 
      31.2*  
       
      Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a).   
 
      32.1**  
       
      Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350.   
 
      32.2**  
       
      Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350.   
 
      101.1*  
       
      The following financial statements from the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, formatted in XBRL: (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss, (iii) Statements of Changes in Stockholders  Deficiency, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and (v) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, tagged as blocks of text and in detail.   

*  
      Filed herewith.   

**    Furnished herewith.  

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
hereunto duly authorized. 

Date:  November 10, 2016  
       
       DarioHealth Corp.    

By:  
       
      /s/ Erez Raphael   

Name:  
      Erez Raphael   

Title:  
      Chairman and Chief Executive Officer   

(Principal Executive Officer)   

By:  
       
      /s/ Zvi Ben David   

Name:  
      Zvi Ben David   

Title:  
      Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and   

Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer)   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 v452113_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1   

  Certification of Chief Executive Officer

Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)   

I, Erez Raphael, certify that: 

1.     
  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of DarioHealth Corp.; 

2.      
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
the period covered by this report; 

3.      
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report; 

4.    
The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)     
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)     
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)      
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and 

(d)      
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that
has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
and 

5.     
The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)      
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)      
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 10, 2016 

/s/ Erez Raphael  

Erez Raphael  

President and Chief Executive Officer  
 (Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 v452113_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit
31.2    

  Certification of Chief Financial Officer

Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)   

I, Zvi Ben David, certify that: 

1.      
I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of DarioHealth Corp.; 

2.      
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
the period covered by this report; 

3.      
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report; 

4.      
The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)      
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)      
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)      
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and 

(d)      
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that
has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
and 

5.     
The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)      
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)      
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 10, 2016 

/s/ Zvi Ben David  

Zvi Ben David  

Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and  
 Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer)  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 v452113_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1   

DARIOHEALTH CORP.  

  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350   

In connection with
the Quarterly Report of DarioHealth Corp. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016,
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Erez Raphael, President
and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss.1350, that to my knowledge: 

(1)      
The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)      
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations
of the Company. 

/s/ Erez Raphael  

Erez Raphael  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

November 10, 2016  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 v452113_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2   

DARIOHEALTH CORP.  

  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350   

In connection with
the Quarterly Report of DarioHealth Corp. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016,
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Zvi Ben David, Chief Financial
Officer, Secretary and Treasurer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss.1350, that to my knowledge: 

(1)      
The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)      
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations
of the Company. 

/s/ Zvi Ben David  

Zvi Ben David   

Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer  

(Principal Financial Officer)  

November 10, 2016  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 drio-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 drio-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 drio-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 drio-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 drio-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 drio-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

