<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161110_10-Q_edgar_data_1057051_0001193125-16-765661_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2420370</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>111425</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>150032</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>445228</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>994255</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>578224</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>16</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-765661.hdr.sgml : 20161110
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161110142325
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-765661
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		44
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161110
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161110

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MANAGED FUTURES PREMIER ENERGY FUND L.P.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001057051
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SECURITY & COMMODITY BROKERS, DEALERS, EXCHANGES & SERVICES [6200]
		IRS NUMBER:				133986032
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-25921
		FILM NUMBER:		161987358

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		522 FIFTH AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10036
		BUSINESS PHONE:		855-672-4468

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		522 FIFTH AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10036

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AAA CAPITAL ENERGY FUND L.P.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20091014

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SMITH BARNEY AAA ENERGY FUND LP /NY
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19990413

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-765661.txt : 20161110

10-Q
 1
 d239086d10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Form 10-Q 

Table of Contents  

   UNITED STATES   
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549   
  FORM 10-Q      (X)
QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)      OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   
  For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016   
  OR ( ) TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)   
  OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   
 For the transition period from                 to
                    Commission File Number  000-25921   
  MANAGED FUTURES PREMIER ENERGY FUND L.P.   
     (Exact name of registrant as specified
in its charter)      

New York  

13-3986032  

(State or other jurisdiction of  
   
       (I.R.S. Employer   
 
 incorporation or organization) 
   
 Identification No.)  
    c/o Ceres Managed Futures LLC   
  522 Fifth Avenue      New
York, New York 10036         (Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)     (855) 672-4468   
     (Registrant s telephone number,
including area code)    Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  
  Yes  X  No          
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of the chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  
  Yes  X  No          
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):  
  Large accelerated filer            Accelerated filer
           Non-accelerated filer     X    Smaller reporting company          
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  
  Yes        No  X    
 As of October 31, 2016, 2,008.8571 Limited Partnership Redeemable Units were outstanding.  

Table of Contents  

     MANAGED FUTURES PREMIER ENERGY FUND L.P.   
  FORM 10-Q      INDEX

2  

Table of Contents  

     PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION   
    Item 1. Financial Statements   
    Managed Futures Premier Energy Fund L.P.   
  Statements of Financial Condition   
  (Unaudited)      
   See accompanying notes to financial statements.  
      3  

Table of Contents  

     Managed Futures Premier Energy Fund L.P.   
  Condensed Schedule of Investments   
  September 30, 2016   
  (Unaudited)       
             
 See accompanying notes to financial statements.  
      4  

Table of Contents  

   Managed Futures Premier Energy Fund L.P.   
  Condensed Schedule of Investments   
  December 31, 2015       
    U.S. Government Securities   
   * Liquid non-cash held as collateral.  
       
 See accompanying notes to financial statements.  
      5  

Table of Contents  

     Managed Futures Premier Energy Fund L.P.   
  Statements of Income and Expenses and Changes in Partners  Capital   
  (Unaudited)       

* 
   Represents the change in net asset value per Redeemable Unit during the period.     
         See
accompanying notes to financial statements.  
      6  

Table of Contents  

     Managed Futures Premier Energy Fund L.P.   
  Notes to Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       

1.  
    Organization:      
 Managed Futures Premier Energy Fund L.P. (formerly, AAA Capital Energy Fund L.P.) (the  Partnership ) is a limited
partnership organized on January 5, 1998 under the partnership laws of the State of New York to engage, directly or indirectly, in the speculative trading of a diversified portfolio of commodity interests, including commodity options and commodity
futures contracts on U.S. exchanges and certain foreign exchanges. The Partnership is authorized to trade commodity futures and options contracts of any kind. In addition, the Partnership may enter into swap contracts on energy-related products. The
commodity interests traded by the Partnership are volatile and involve a high degree of market risk. The General Partner may also determine to invest up to all of the Partnership s assets in United States ( U.S. ) Treasury bills
and/or money market mutual funds including money market mutual funds managed by Morgan Stanley or its affiliates. During the initial offering period (February 12, 1998 through March 15, 1998), the Partnership sold 49,538 redeemable units of
limited partnership interest ( Redeemable Units ). The Partnership commenced trading on March 16, 1998. From March 16, 1998 to August 31, 2001 and since February 1, 2015, the Partnership has engaged directly in the speculative trading of a
diversified portfolio of commodity interests. The Partnership no longer offers Redeemable Units for sale.    Ceres Managed
Futures LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, acts as the general partner (the  General Partner ) and commodity pool operator of the Partnership. The General Partner is wholly owned by Morgan Stanley Smith Barney Holdings LLC
( MSSB Holdings ). MSSB Holdings is ultimately owned by Morgan Stanley. Morgan Stanley is a publicly held company whose shares are listed on the New York Stock Exchange. Morgan Stanley is engaged in various financial services and other
businesses. Prior to June 28, 2013, Morgan Stanley indirectly owned a majority equity interest in MSSB Holdings and Citigroup Inc. indirectly owned a minority equity interest in MSSB Holdings. Prior to July 31, 2009, the date as of which MSSB
Holdings became its owner, the General Partner was wholly owned by Citigroup Financial Products Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc., the sole owner of which is Citigroup Inc.  
 As of September 30, 2016, all trading decisions for the Partnership are made by Pan Capital Management, LP, a registered
commodity trading advisor ( Pan  or the  Advisor ).    Effective January 1, 2015, the Partnership changed
its name from AAA Capital Energy Fund L.P. to Managed Futures Premier Energy Fund L.P.    For the period January 1, 2015 to
January 31, 2015, the assets of the Partnership were not traded and no fees or expenses were charged to the Partnership, including the monthly ongoing selling agent fee. Effective February 1, 2015, the Partnership allocated $36,959,903 to Pan. As of
that date, the Advisor commenced trading the Partnership s assets directly pursuant to its Energy Trading Program, a proprietary, discretionary trading program. The Advisor will concentrate the Partnership s trading in energy-related
markets. Effective January 1, 2015, the Advisor became a special limited partner of the Partnership (in its capacity as special limited partner, the  Special Limited Partner ).  
 The General Partner is not aware of any material changes to the trading program during the fiscal quarter ended
September 30, 2016.    During the reporting periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Partnership s commodity
broker was Morgan Stanley   Co. LLC ( MS Co. ), a registered futures commission merchant. The Partnership also deposits a portion of its cash in a non-trading account at JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.  
 Effective January 1, 2015, the Partnership entered into a selling agreement with Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC (doing
business as Morgan Stanley Wealth Management) ( Morgan Stanley Wealth Management ) (as amended, the  Selling Agreement ). Pursuant to the Selling Agreement, the Partnership pays Morgan Stanley Wealth Management a monthly ongoing
selling agent fee equal to 2.0% per year of month-end Net Assets. Month-end Net Assets, for purposes of calculating ongoing selling agent fees, are Net Assets, as defined in the Limited Partnership Agreement, prior to the reduction of the current
month s ongoing selling agent fees, management fees, profit share allocation accrued, the General Partner fees, professional fees (formerly, other expenses) and any redemptions or distributions as of the end of such month.  
      7  

Table of Contents  

Managed Futures Premier Energy Fund L.P.   
  Notes to Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       
  Effective March 1, 2014, the Partnership entered into a Customer Agreement
with MS Co. (the  MS Co. Customer Agreement ) and ceased paying brokerage commissions to MS Co. Under the MS Co. Customer Agreement, the Partnership pays MS Co. trading fees for the clearing and, where applicable, the
execution of transactions, as well as exchange, clearing, user, give-up and National Futures Association ( NFA ) fees (the  clearing fees ). The Partnership s cash is deposited by MS Co. in segregated bank accounts to
the extent required by Commodity Futures Trading Commission ( CFTC ) regulations. MS Co. pays the Partnership interest on 80% of the average daily equity maintained in cash in the Partnership s brokerage account at the rate equal
to the monthly average of the  4-week  U.S. Treasury bill discount rate. All interest earned on U.S. Treasury bills will be retained by the Partnership. The MS Co. Customer Agreement may generally be
terminated upon notice by either party.    In July 2015, the General Partner delegated certain administrative functions to
SS C Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation, currently doing business as SS C GlobeOp (the  Administrator ). Pursuant to a master services agreement, the Administrator furnishes certain administrative, accounting, regulatory
reporting, tax and other services as agreed from time to time. In addition, the Administrator maintains certain books and records of the Partnership. The cost of retaining the Administrator is allocated among the pools operated by the General
Partner, including the Partnership.      

2.  
    Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies:      
 The accompanying financial statements and accompanying notes are unaudited but, in the opinion of the General Partner, include
all adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring adjustments, necessary for a fair presentation of the Partnership s financial condition at September 30, 2016, and the results of its operations and changes in partners  capital for the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. These financial statements present the results of interim periods and do not include all disclosures normally provided in annual financial statements. You should read these financial
statements together with the financial statements and notes included in the Partnership s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) for the year ended December 31, 2015.  
 Due to the nature of commodity trading, the results of operations for the interim periods presented should not be considered
indicative of the results that may be expected for the entire year.     Use of Estimates.  The preparation of financial
statements and accompanying notes in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ) requires the General Partner to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of
assets and liabilities, income and expenses, and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities in the financial statements and accompanying notes. As a result, actual results could differ from these estimates.  
  Profit Allocation.  The General Partner and each limited partner share in the profits and losses of the Partnership,
after the allocation to the Special Limited Partner, if any, in proportion to the amount of Partnership interest owned by each, except that no limited partner shall be liable for obligations of the Partnership in excess of its capital contributions
and profits, if any, net of distributions or redemptions and losses, if any. The Partnership allocates to the Special Limited Partner a profit share allocation to its capital account in the Partnership, if any, in the form of Redeemable Units
and/or partial Redeemable Units, the value of which shall be equal to 20% of New Trading Profits earned by Pan each calendar quarter end.  
  Statement of Cash Flows.  The Partnership is not required to provide a Statement of Cash Flows.  
  Partnership s Investments . All commodity interests of the Partnership, including derivative financial instruments
and derivative commodity instruments, are held for trading purposes. The commodity interests are recorded on trade date and open contracts are recorded at fair value (as described in Note 5,  Fair Value Measurements ) at the
measurement date. Investments in commodity interests denominated in foreign currencies are translated into U.S. dollars at the exchange rates prevailing at the measurement date. Gains or losses are realized when contracts are liquidated and are
determined using the first-in, first-out method. Unrealized gains or losses on open contracts are included as a component of equity in trading account in the Statements of Financial Condition. Net realized gains or losses and net change in
unrealized gains or losses are included in the Statements of Income and Expenses and Changes in Partners  Capital.  
  Income Taxes . Income taxes have not been listed as each partner is individually liable for the taxes, if any, on its
share of the Partnership s income and expenses. The General Partner concluded that no provision for income tax is required in the Partnership s financial statements. The Partnership files U.S. federal and various state and local tax
returns. No income tax returns are currently under examination. The 2012 through 2015 tax years remain subject to examination by U.S. federal and most state tax authorities. The General Partner does not believe that there are any uncertain tax
positions that require recognition of a tax liability.  
      8  

Table of Contents  

Managed Futures Premier Energy Fund L.P.   
  Notes to Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       
   Investment Company Status . Effective January 1, 2014, the Partnership
adopted Accounting Standards Update ( ASU )  2013-08,    Financial Services   Investment Companies (Topic 946): Amendments to the Scope, Measurement and Disclosure Requirements  
and based on the General Partner s assessment, the Partnership has been deemed to be an investment company since inception. Accordingly, the Partnership followed the investment company accounting and reporting guidance of Topic 946 and
reflected its investments at fair value with unrealized gains and losses resulting from changes in fair value reflected in the Statements of Income and Expenses and Changes in Partners  Capital.  
  Net Income (Loss) per Redeemable Unit . Net income (loss) per Redeemable Unit is calculated in accordance with
Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) 946   Financial Services   Investment Companies.   See Note 3,  Financial Highlights.   
  Fair Value of Financial Instruments . The carrying value of the Partnership s assets and liabilities presented in
the Statements of Financial Condition that qualify as financial instruments under the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) ASC 825,   Financial Instruments,   approximates the fair value due to the short term nature
of such balances.     Recent Accounting Pronouncement . In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-01,
  Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities.   The amendments in this update address certain aspects of recognition, measurement, presentation, and disclosure of financial instruments for all
entities that hold financial assets or owe financial liabilities. One of the amendments in this update eliminates the requirement for public business entities to disclose the methods and significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value
that is required to be disclosed for financial instruments measured at amortized cost on the balance sheet or a description of changes in the methods and significant assumptions. Additionally, the update eliminates the requirement to disclose
the fair value of financial instruments measured at amortized cost for entities that are not public business entities. Investment companies are specifically exempted from ASU 2016-01 s equity investment accounting provisions and will continue
to follow the industry specific guidance for investment accounting under Topic 946. For public business entities, this update is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods therein. For other entities, it is
effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019. The General Partner is currently evaluating the impact this guidance will have on the Partnership s
financial statements and related disclosures.    There have been no material changes with respect to the Partnership s
critical accounting policies as reported in the Partnership s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.  
      9  

Table of Contents  

Managed Futures Premier Energy Fund L.P.   
  Notes to Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       

3.  
    Financial Highlights:      
 Financial highlights for the limited partner class as a whole for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015
were as follows:      

* 
   Net investment loss per Redeemable Unit is calculated by dividing the expenses net of interest income by the
average number of Redeemable Units outstanding during the period. The net realized and unrealized gains (losses) per Redeemable Unit is a balancing amount necessary to reconcile the change in net asset value per Redeemable Unit with the other
per unit information.         

** 
   Annualized (except for allocation to Special Limited Partner, if applicable).     

*** 
   Interest income less total expenses (exclusive of allocation to Special Limited Partner, if applicable).
      The above ratios and total return may vary for individual investors based on the timing of capital
transactions during the period. Additionally, these ratios are calculated for the limited partner class using the limited partners  share of income, expenses and average partners  capital of the Partnership.  
      10  

Table of Contents  

Managed Futures Premier Energy Fund L.P.   
  Notes to Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       

4.  
    Trading Activities:      
 The Partnership was formed for the purpose of trading commodity interests, including derivative financial instruments and
derivative commodity instruments.    The MS Co. Customer Agreement with the Partnership gives the Partnership the legal
right to net unrealized gains and losses on open futures and exchange-cleared swaps contracts. The Partnership nets, for financial reporting purposes, the unrealized gains and losses on open futures and exchange-cleared swaps contracts in the
Statements of Financial Condition as the criteria under  ASC 210-20,    Balance Sheet,   have been met.  
 Trading and transaction fees are based on the number of trades executed by the Advisor.  
 All of the commodity interests owned by the Partnership are held for trading purposes. The Partnership s monthly average
number of futures contracts traded during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 were 4,217 and 4,245, respectively. The Partnership s monthly average number of futures contracts traded during the three months ended September 30,
2015 and the period February 1, 2015 to September 30, 2015 were 5,885 and 5,280, respectively. The Partnership s monthly average number of options contracts traded during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 were 152 and 551,
respectively. The Partnership s monthly average number of option contracts traded during the three months ended September 30, 2015 and the period February 1, 2015 to September 30, 2015 were 1,189 and 986, respectively. For the period January 1,
2015 to January 31, 2015, the assets of the Partnership were not traded.    The Partnership discloses both gross information
and net information about financial and derivative instruments and transactions eligible for offset in the statement of financial position and instruments and transactions subject to an agreement similar to a master netting arrangement.  
      11  

Table of Contents  

Managed Futures Premier Energy Fund L.P.   
  Notes to Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       
  The following tables summarize the gross and net amounts recognized relating
to assets and liabilities of the Partnership s derivatives and their offsetting subject to master netting or similar arrangements as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.  

(1) 
   In the event of default by the Partnership, MS Co., the Partnership s commodity futures broker and
the sole counterparty to the Partnership s off-exchange-traded contracts, as applicable, has the right to offset the Partnership s obligation with the Partnership s cash and/or U.S. Treasury bills held by MS Co., thereby
minimizing MS Co. s risk of loss. There is no collateral posted by MS Co. and as such, in the event of default by MS Co., the Partnership is exposed to the amount shown in the Statements of Financial Condition. In the case of
exchange-traded contracts, the Partnership s exposure to counterparty risk may be reduced since the exchange s clearinghouse interposes its credit between buyer and seller and the clearinghouse s guarantee fund may be available in the
event of a default.     
      12  

Table of Contents  

Managed Futures Premier Energy Fund L.P.   
  Notes to Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       
  The following tables indicate the gross fair values of derivative instruments
of futures and option contracts as separate assets and liabilities as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.      

* 
   This amount is in  Net unrealized depreciation on open futures contracts  in the Statements of
Financial Condition.     

** 
   This amount is in  Options written, at fair value  in the Statements of Financial Condition.
    
      13  

Table of Contents  

Managed Futures Premier Energy Fund L.P.   
  Notes to Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       

* 
   This amount is in  Net unrealized appreciation on open futures contracts  in the Statements of
Financial Condition.     

** 
   This amount is in  Options purchased, at fair value  in the Statements of Financial Condition.
      The following table indicates the trading gains and losses, by market sector, on derivative instruments
for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.      

*** 
   This amount is in  Total trading results  in the Statements of Income and Expenses and Changes in
Partners  Capital.         

5.  
    Fair Value Measurements:      
  Partnership s Fair Value Measurements.  Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset
or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date under current market conditions. The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for
identical assets or liabilities (Level 1) and the lowest priority to fair values derived from unobservable inputs (Level 3). The level in the fair value hierarchy within which the fair value measurement in its entirety falls shall be determined
based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety.    The fair value of
exchange-traded futures, option and forward contracts is determined by the various exchanges, and reflects the settlement price for each contract as of the close of business on the last business day of the reporting period. The fair value of foreign
currency forward contracts is extrapolated on a forward basis from the spot prices quoted as of approximately 3:00 P.M. (E.T.) on the last business day of the reporting period from various exchanges. The fair value of non-exchange-traded foreign
currency option contracts is calculated by applying an industry standard model application for options valuation of foreign currency options, using as inputs the spot prices, interest rates, and option implied volatilities quoted as of approximately
3:00 P.M. (E.T.) on the last business day of the reporting period. U.S. Treasury bills are valued at the last available bid price received from independent pricing services as of the last business day of the reporting period.  
      14  

Table of Contents  

Managed Futures Premier Energy Fund L.P.   
  Notes to Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       
  The Partnership considers prices for exchange-traded commodity futures,
option contracts and swaps to be based on unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities (Level 1). The values of U.S. Treasury bills, non-exchange-traded swaps and certain option contracts for which market
quotations are not readily available are priced by broker quotes or pricing services that derive fair values for those assets and liabilities from observable inputs (Level 2). As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 and for the periods ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Partnership did not hold any derivative instruments that were priced at fair value using unobservable inputs through the application of the General Partner s assumptions and internal valuation pricing models
(Level 3). Transfers between levels are recognized at the end of the reporting period. During the reporting periods, there were no transfers of assets or liabilities between Level 1 and Level 2.  

15  

Table of Contents  

Managed Futures Premier Energy Fund L.P.   
  Notes to Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       
   6.     Financial Instrument Risks:   
 In the normal course of business, the Partnership is party to financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk, including
derivative financial instruments and derivative commodity instruments. These financial instruments may include futures, options, and swaps, whose values are based upon an underlying asset, index, or reference rate, and generally represent future
commitments to exchange currencies or cash balances, or to purchase or sell other financial instruments at specific terms at specified future dates, or, in the case of derivative commodity instruments, to have a reasonable possibility to be settled
in cash, through physical delivery or with another financial instrument. These instruments may trade on an exchange or over-the-counter ( OTC ). Exchange-traded instruments include futures and certain standardized forward, option and swap
contracts. Certain swap contracts may also trade on a swap execution facility or OTC. OTC contracts are negotiated between contracting parties and also include certain forward and option contracts. Specific market movements of commodities or futures
contracts underlying an option cannot accurately be predicted. The purchaser of an option may lose the entire premium paid for the option. The writer, or seller, of an option has unlimited risk. Each of these instruments is subject to various risks
similar to those related to the underlying financial instruments, including market and credit risk. In general, the risks associated with OTC contracts are greater than those associated with exchange-traded instruments because of the greater risk of
default by the counterparty to an OTC contract. None of the Partnership s current contracts are traded OTC, although contracts may be traded OTC in the future.  
  Futures Contracts .  The Partnership trades futures contracts. A futures contract is a firm commitment to buy
or sell a specified quantity of investments, currency or a standardized amount of a deliverable grade commodity, at a specified price on a specified future date, unless the contract is closed before the delivery date or if the delivery quantity is
something where physical delivery cannot occur (such as the S P 500 Index), whereby such contract is settled in cash. Payments ( variation margin ) may be made or received by the Partnership each business day, depending on the daily
fluctuations in the value of the underlying contracts, and are recorded as unrealized gains or losses by the Partnership. When the contract is closed, the Partnership records a realized gain or loss equal to the difference between the value of the
contract at the time it was opened and the value at the time it was closed. Transactions in futures contracts require participants to make both initial margin deposits of cash or other assets and variation margin deposits, through the futures
broker, directly with the exchange on which the contracts are traded. Net realized gains (losses) and net change in unrealized gains (losses) on futures contracts are included in the Statements of Income and Expenses and Changes in Partners 
Capital.     Options .  The Partnership is permitted to purchase and write (sell) both exchange-listed and OTC
options on commodities or financial instruments. An option is a contract allowing, but not requiring, its holder to buy (call) or sell (put) a specific or standard commodity or financial instrument at a specified price during a specified time
period. The option premium is the total price paid or received for the option contract. When the Partnership writes an option, the premium received is recorded as a liability in the Statements of Financial Condition and marked to market daily. When
the Partnership purchases an option, the premium paid is recorded as an asset in the Statements of Financial Condition and marked to market daily. Net realized gains (losses) and net change in unrealized gains (losses) on option contracts are
included in the Statements of Income and Expenses and Changes in Partners  Capital.    As both a buyer and seller of
options, the Partnership paid or received a premium at the outset and then assumed the risk of unfavorable changes in the price of the contract underlying the option. Written options exposed the Partnership to potentially unlimited liability; for
purchased options, the risk of loss was limited to the premiums paid. Certain written put options permitted cash settlement and did not require the option holder to own the reference asset. The Partnership did not consider these contracts to be
guarantees.    The risk to the limited partners that have purchased Redeemable Units is limited to the amount of their share
of the Partnership s net assets and undistributed profits. This limited liability is a result of the organization of the Partnership as a limited partnership under New York law.  
 Market risk is the potential for changes in the value of the financial instruments traded by the Partnership due to market
changes, including interest and foreign exchange rate movements and fluctuations in commodity or security prices. Market risk is directly impacted by the volatility and liquidity in the markets in which the related underlying assets are traded by
the Partnership. The Partnership is exposed to a market risk equal to the value of futures contracts purchased and unlimited liability on such contracts sold short.  
      16  

Table of Contents  

Managed Futures Premier Energy Fund L.P.   
  Notes to Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       
  Credit risk is the possibility that a loss may occur due to the failure of a
counterparty to perform according to the terms of a contract. In the event of a counterparty default, the Partnership s risk of loss is typically limited to the amounts recognized in the Statements of Financial Condition and is not represented
by the contract or notional amounts of the instruments. The Partnership s risk of loss is reduced through the use of legally enforceable master netting agreements with counterparties that permit the Partnership to offset unrealized gains and
losses and other assets and liabilities with such counterparties upon the occurrence of certain events. The Partnership has credit risk and concentration risk as MS Co. or an MS Co. affiliate is the counterparty or broker with respect to the
Partnership s assets. Credit risk with respect to exchange-traded instruments is reduced to the extent that, through MS Co. or an affiliate, the Partnership s counterparty is an exchange or clearing organization.  
 The Advisor concentrates the Partnership s trading in energy related markets. Concentration in a limited number of
commodity interests may have subjected the Partnership s account to greater volatility than if a more diversified portfolio of contracts had been traded on behalf of the Partnership.  
 The General Partner monitors and attempts to control the Partnership s risk exposure on a daily basis through financial,
credit and risk management monitoring systems, and accordingly, believes that it had effective procedures for evaluating and limiting the credit and market risks to which the Partnership may have been subject. These monitoring systems generally
allowed the General Partner to statistically analyze actual trading results with risk-adjusted performance indicators and correlation statistics. In addition, online monitoring systems provided account analysis of futures, forward and option
contracts by sector, margin requirements, gain and loss transactions and collateral positions.    The majority of these
instruments matured within one year of the inception date. However, due to the nature of the Partnership s business, these instruments may not have been held to maturity.  
  7.      Subsequent Events:   
 The General Partner evaluates events that occur after the balance sheet date but before financial statements are issued. The
General Partner has assessed the subsequent events through the date of issuance and has determined that there were no subsequent events requiring adjustment to or disclosure in the financial statements.  
      17  

Table of Contents  

     Item 2.    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations      Liquidity and Capital Resources   
 The Partnership does not engage in sales of goods or services. Its only assets are its equity in its trading accounts,
consisting of cash and cash margin, net unrealized appreciation on open futures contracts, net unrealized appreciation on open forward contracts, options purchased, U.S. Treasury bills, cash at bank and interest receivable, if applicable. Because of
the low margin deposits normally required in commodity trading, relatively small price movements may result in substantial losses to the Partnership. While substantial losses could lead to a material decrease in liquidity, no such illiquidity
occurred during the third quarter of 2016.    The Partnership s capital consists of the capital contributions of the
partners as increased or decreased by realized or unrealized gains or losses on trading and by expenses, interest income, redemptions of Redeemable Units and distributions of profits, if any.  
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, Partnership capital decreased 30.0% from $25,854,269 to $18,087,762. This
decrease was attributable to redemptions of 1,101.2520 limited partner Redeemable Units resulting in an outflow of $8,498,792 and redemptions of 18.6570 General Partner Redeemable Units resulting in an outflow of $165,004, which was partially offset
by subscriptions of 4.1150 Special Limited Partner Redeemable Units resulting in an inflow of $36,393 and a net gain of $860,896. Future redemptions could impact the amount of funds available for investments in commodity contract positions in
subsequent periods.     Critical Accounting Policies   
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires the General Partner to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of income and expense during the reporting period. The General Partner
believes that the estimates and assumptions utilized in preparing the financial statements are reasonable. Actual results could differ from those estimates. The Partnership s significant accounting policies are described in detail in
Note 2 of the Financial Statements.    The Partnership records all investments at fair value in its financial
statements, with changes in fair value reported as a component of net realized gains (losses) and net change in unrealized gains (losses) in the Statements of Income and Expenses and Changes in Partners  Capital.  
      18  

Table of Contents  

   Results of Operations   
 During the Partnership s third quarter of 2016, the net asset value per Redeemable Unit increased 13.9% from $7,761.38 to
$8,844.09 as compared to a decrease of 1.5% in the same period of 2015. The Partnership experienced a net trading gain before fees and expenses in the third quarter of 2016 of $2,530,629. Gains were primarily attributable to the Partnership s
trading of commodity futures in Natural Gas. The Partnership experienced a net trading loss before fees and expenses in the third quarter of 2015 of $23,430. Losses were primarily attributable to the Partnership s trading of commodity futures
in Natural Gas.    The most significant gains were recorded during the last week of July as the Partnership benefitted from a
move from net short positioning in natural gas futures to net long. Driven by increasingly hot, dry weather in the U.S., a seasonably weak increase in inventories, and growing demand from power generation, natural gas prices rallied strongly in the
final days of the month. Gains were also achieved during September from the Partnership s long positioning as a surge in natural gas prices during the second week of the month provided most of the Partnership s gains for the month. The
release of industry reports which showed a flattening supply outlook combined with increased demand nationally for natural gas drove prices higher. The Partnership also recorded gains throughout the latter half of August as the Partnership s
advisor increased overall long exposure at the same time that natural gas prices began to rally. The rally coincided with extremely hot temperatures in the U.S. which bolstered cooling demand from homes and businesses.  
 During the Partnership s nine months ended September 30, 2016, the net asset value per Redeemable Unit increased 8.1% from
$8,179.21 to $8,844.09 as compared to a decrease of 4.8% in the same period of 2015. The Partnership experienced a net trading gain before fees and expenses in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 of $1,729,286. Gains were primarily attributable
to the Partnership s trading of commodity futures in Natural Gas. The Partnership experienced a net trading loss before fees and expenses in the nine months ended September 30, 2015 of $521,661. Losses were primarily attributable to the
Partnership s trading of commodity futures in Natural Gas.    The most significant gains were recorded during the last
week of July as the Partnership benefitted from a move from net short positioning in natural gas futures to net long. Driven by increasingly hot, dry weather in the U.S., a seasonably weak increase in inventories, and growing demand from power
generation, natural gas prices rallied strongly in the final days of the month. Gains were also achieved during September from the Partnership s long positioning as a surge in natural gas prices during the second week of the month provided most
of the Partnership s gains for the month. The release of industry reports which showed a flattening supply outlook combined with increased demand nationally for natural gas drove prices higher. The Partnership also recorded gains throughout the
latter half of August as the Partnership s advisor increased overall long exposure at the same time that natural gas prices began to rally, spurred by extremely hot temperatures in the U.S. which bolstered cooling demand from homes and
businesses. Gains were also achieved during May as prices fell dramatically over the first several days of the month and followed with choppy price action closing out a volatile first week, benefitting the Partnership s short positioning. A
portion of the Partnership s gains for the first nine months of the year was offset by losses incurred losses during February from long positions in natural gas futures as mild weather throughout much of the U.S. limited demand for natural gas
and moved prices dramatically lower. The Partnership s net long positioning was also negatively affected during February after the release of U.S. Energy Information Administration (the  EIA ) reports which indicated that output from
U.S. shale formations was overwhelming demand for fuel and inflated the largest natural gas supply glut in the U.S. in four years. Additional losses were experienced during April as choppy price actions dominated natural gas markets during the first
half of the month. A spike in natural gas prices due to unseasonably cold weather in the Northeastern U.S. during the latter half of the month also adversely affected the Partnership s positions. Smaller losses were recorded during the early
days of March as a sharp drop in natural gas prices negatively affected the Partnership s long positions after the release of reports which indicated that U.S. gas inventories reached record levels during the winter heating season.  
      19  

Table of Contents  

  Commodity markets are highly volatile. Broad and rapid price fluctuations and
rapid inflation increase the risks involved in commodity trading, but also increase the possibility for profit or loss. The profitability of the Partnership depends on the Advisor s ability to forecast price changes in energy and energy-related
commodities. Such price changes are influenced by, among other things, changing supply and demand relationships, weather, governmental, agricultural, commercial and trade programs and policies, national and international political and economic
events and changes in interest rates. To the extent that the Advisor correctly makes such forecasts, the Partnership expects to increase capital through operations.  
 Interest income on 80% of the Partnership s average daily equity maintained in cash during each month was earned at the
monthly average of the 4-week U.S. Treasury bill discount rate. Any interest earned on the Partnership s account in excess of the amount described above, if any, will be retained by MS Co. and/or shared with the General Partner. All
interest earned on U.S. Treasury bills and money market fund securities will be retained by the Partnership. Interest income earned for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased by $6,486 and $26,679, respectively, as compared to
the corresponding periods in 2015. The increase in interest income is primarily due to higher 4-week U.S. Treasury bill discount rates along with additional interest income earned on U.S. Treasury bills during the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016 as compared to the corresponding periods in 2015. Interest earned by the Partnership will increase the net asset value of the Partnership. The amount of interest income earned by the Partnership depends on (i) the
average daily equity maintained in cash in the Partnership s account, (ii) the amount of U.S. Treasury bills and/or money market mutual fund securities held by the Partnership and (iii) interest rates over which neither the
Partnership nor MS Co. has control.    Clearing fees are based on the number of trades executed by the Advisor for the
Partnership. Accordingly, they must be compared in relation to the number of trades executed during the period. Clearing fees for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 decreased by $46,218 and $61,279, respectively, as compared to
the corresponding periods in 2015. The decrease in clearing fees is primarily due to a decrease in the number of trades made by the Advisor during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the corresponding periods in
2015.    Ongoing selling agent fees are calculated as a percentage of the Partnership s net asset value as of the end of
each month and are affected by trading performance and redemptions. Accordingly, they must be analyzed in relation to the fluctuations in the monthly net asset values. Ongoing selling agent fees for the three and nine months ended September 30,
2016 decreased by $67,579 and $135,203, respectively, as compared to the corresponding periods in 2015. This decrease is primarily due to lower average net assets during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the
corresponding periods in 2015.    Management fees are calculated as a percentage of the Partnership s net asset value as
of the end of each month and are affected by trading performance and redemptions. Accordingly, they must be analyzed in relation to the fluctuations in the monthly net asset values. Management fees for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016 decreased by $42,222 and $84,480, respectively, as compared to the corresponding periods in 2015. The decrease in management fees is primarily due to lower average net assets during the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016 as compared to the corresponding periods in 2015.    General Partner fees are paid to the General
Partner for administering the business and affairs of the Partnership, including, among other things, (i) selecting, appointing and terminating the Partnership s Advisor and (ii) monitoring the activities of the Advisor. These fees
are calculated as a percentage of the Partnership s net asset value as of the end of each month and are affected by trading performance and redemptions. Accordingly, it must be analyzed in relation to the fluctuations in monthly net asset
values. General Partner fees for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 decreased by $8,445 and $16,895, respectively, as compared to the corresponding periods in 2015. This decrease is primarily due to lower average net assets
during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the corresponding periods in 2015.    Special
Limited Partner profit share allocations are based on the new trading profits generated by the Advisor at the end of the quarter, as defined in the advisory agreement among the Partnership, the General Partner and the Advisor. The profit share
allocation made to the Special Limited Partner for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $36,393. There were no profit share allocations made for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015. The Special Limited Partner
will not receive a profit share allocation until the Advisor recovers the net loss incurred and earns additional new trading profits for the Partnership.  
 In allocating substantially all of the assets of the Partnership to the Advisor, the General Partner considers the
Advisor s past performance, trading style, volatility of markets traded and fee requirements. The General Partner may modify or terminate the allocation of assets to the Advisor at any time.  
      20  

Table of Contents  

     Item 3.    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market
Risk     The Partnership is a speculative commodity pool. The market sensitive instruments held by Partnership are
acquired for speculative trading purposes, and all or substantially all of the Partnership s assets are subject to the risk of trading loss. Unlike an operating company, the risk of market sensitive instruments is integral, not incidental, to
the Partnership s main line of business.    The limited partners will not be liable for losses exceeding the current
net asset value of their investment.    Market movements result and resulted, respectively, in frequent changes in the fair
value of the Partnership s open positions and, consequently, in their earnings and cash balances. The Partnership s market risk is influenced by a wide variety of factors, including the level and volatility of interest rates, exchange
rates, equity price levels, the market value of financial instruments and contracts, the diversification effects among the Partnership s open contracts and the liquidity of the markets in which the Partnership trades.  
 The Partnership does rapidly acquire and liquidate both long and short positions in a range of different markets.
Consequently, it is not possible to predict how a particular future market scenario will affect performance, and the Partnership s past performance is not necessarily indicative of the Partnership s future results.  
  Value at Risk  is a measure of the maximum amount which the Partnership could reasonably be expected to lose in a
given market sector. However, the inherent uncertainty of the Partnership s speculative trading and the recurrence in the markets traded by the Partnership of market movements far exceeding expectations could result in actual trading or
non-trading losses far beyond the indicated Value at Risk or the Partnership s experience to date (i.e.,  risk of ruin ). In light of the foregoing as well as the risks and uncertainties intrinsic to all future projections, the
inclusion of the quantification in this section should not be considered to constitute any assurance or representation that the Partnership s losses in any market sector will be limited to Value at Risk or by the Partnership s attempts to
manage its market risk.    Exchange margin requirements have been used by the Partnership as the measure of its Value at
Risk. Margin requirements are set by exchanges to equal or exceed the maximum losses reasonably expected to be incurred in the fair value of any given contract in 95% - 99% of any one-day interval. The margin levels are established by dealers and
exchanges using historical price studies as well as an assessment of current market volatility (including the implied volatility of the options on a given futures contract) and economic fundamentals to provide a probabilistic estimate of the maximum
expected near-term one-day price fluctuation.    Value at Risk tables represent a probabilistic assessment of the risk of
loss in market risk sensitive instruments. The following tables indicate the trading Value at Risk associated with the Partnership s open positions by market category as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, and the highest,
lowest and average value during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and for the twelve months ended December 31, 2015. All open position trading risk exposures of the Partnership have been included in calculating the figures set
forth below. There has been no material change in the trading Value at Risk information previously disclosed in the Partnership s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.  
 As of September 30, 2016, the Partnership s total capitalization was $18,087,762. The Partnership s Value at
Risk as of September 30, 2016 was as follows:  

* 
   Average monthly Values at Risk.     
 As of December 31, 2015, the Partnership s total capitalization was $25,854,269. The Partnership s Value at
Risk as of December 31, 2015 was as follows:  

* 
   Annual average of month-end Values at Risk.     
      21  

Table of Contents  

     Item 4.    Controls and Procedures   
 The Partnership s disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by
the Partnership on the reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the  Exchange Act ), is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods expected in the SEC s rules and forms.
Disclosure controls and procedures include controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Partnership in the reports it files is accumulated and communicated to management, including the President and
Chief Financial Officer ( CFO ) of the General Partner, to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure and appropriate SEC filings.  
 The General Partner is responsible for ensuring that there is an adequate and effective process for establishing, maintaining
and evaluating disclosure controls and procedures for the Partnership s external disclosures.    The General
Partner s President and CFO have evaluated the effectiveness of the Partnership s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of September 30, 2016 and, based on that
evaluation, the General Partner s President and CFO have concluded that, at that date, the Partnership s disclosure controls and procedures were effective.  
 The Partnership s  internal control over financial reporting  is a process under the supervision of the General
Partner s President and CFO to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP. These controls include policies and procedures that:  

pertain to the maintenance of records, that in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the
transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Partnership;         

provide reasonable assurance that (i) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of
financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and (ii) the Partnership s receipts are handled and expenditures are made only pursuant to authorizations of the General Partner; and     

provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection and correction of unauthorized
acquisition, use or disposition of the Partnership s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.     
 There were no changes in the Partnership s  internal control over financial reporting  process during the fiscal
quarter ended September 30, 2016 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Partnership s internal control over financial reporting.  
      22  

Table of Contents  

     PART II. OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1.  
  Legal Proceedings       This section describes the major pending legal
proceedings, other than ordinary routine litigation incidental to the business, to which MS Co. or its subsidiaries is a party or to which any of their property is subject. There are no material legal proceedings pending against the Partnership
or the General Partner.    On June 1, 2011, Morgan Stanley   Co. Incorporated converted from a Delaware
corporation to a Delaware limited liability company. As a result of that conversion, Morgan Stanley   Co. Incorporated is now named Morgan Stanley   Co. LLC ( MS Co. ).  
 MS Co. is a wholly owned, indirect subsidiary of Morgan Stanley, a Delaware holding company. Morgan Stanley files periodic
reports with the SEC as required by the Exchange Act, which include current descriptions of material litigation and material proceedings and investigations, if any, by governmental and/or regulatory agencies or self-regulatory organizations
concerning Morgan Stanley and its subsidiaries, including MS Co. As a consolidated subsidiary of Morgan Stanley, MS Co. does not file its own periodic reports with the SEC that contain descriptions of material litigation, proceedings and
investigations. As a result, please refer to the  Legal Proceedings  section of Morgan Stanley s SEC 10-K filings for 2015, 2014, 2013, 2012 and 2011. In addition, MS Co. annually prepares an Audited, Consolidated Statement of
Financial Condition ( Audited Financial Statement ) that is publicly available on Morgan Stanley s website at  www.morganstanley.com . Please refer to the Commitments, Guarantees and Contingencies   Legal section of
MS Co. s 2015 Audited Financial Statement.    In addition to the matters described in those filings, in the normal
course of business, each of Morgan Stanley and MS Co. has been named, from time to time, as a defendant in various legal actions, including arbitrations, class actions, and other litigation, arising in connection with its activities as a global
diversified financial services institution. Certain of the legal actions include claims for substantial compensatory and/or punitive damages or claims for indeterminate amounts of damages. Each of Morgan Stanley and MS Co. is also involved, from
time to time, in investigations and proceedings by governmental and/or regulatory agencies or self-regulatory organizations, certain of which may result in adverse judgments, fines or penalties. The number of these investigations and proceedings has
increased in recent years with regard to many financial services institutions, including Morgan Stanley and MS Co.  
 MS Co. is a Delaware limited liability company with its main business office located at 1585 Broadway, New York, New York
10036. Among other registrations and memberships, MS Co. is registered as a futures commission merchant and is a member of the National Futures Association.  
   Regulatory and Governmental Matters         
 MS Co. has received subpoenas and requests for information from certain federal and state regulatory and governmental
entities, including among others various members of the RMBS Working Group of the Financial Fraud Enforcement Task Force, such as the United States Department of Justice, Civil Division and several state Attorney General s Offices, concerning
the origination, financing, purchase, securitization and servicing of subprime and non-subprime residential mortgages and related matters such as residential mortgage-backed securities ( RMBS ), collateralized debt obligations
( CDOs ), structured investment vehicles ( SIVs ) and credit default swaps backed by or referencing mortgage pass-through certificates. These matters, some of which are in advanced stages, include, but are not limited to,
investigations related to MS Co. s due diligence on the loans that it purchased for securitization, MS Co. s communications with ratings agencies, MS Co. s disclosures to investors, and MS Co. s handling of
servicing and foreclosure related issues.    On February 25, 2015, MS Co. reached an agreement in principle with
the United States Department of Justice, Civil Division and the United States Attorney s Office for the Northern District of California, Civil Division (collectively, the  Civil Division ) to pay $2.6 billion to resolve certain claims
that the Civil Division indicated it intended to bring against MS Co. That settlement was finalized on February 10, 2016.  
      23  

Table of Contents  

  On April 1, 2016, the California Attorney General s Office filed an
action against MS Co. and certain affiliates in California state court styled  California v. Morgan Stanley, et al. , on behalf of California investors, including the California Public Employees  Retirement System and the California
Teachers  Retirement System. The complaint alleges that MS Co. made misrepresentations and omissions regarding residential mortgage-backed securities and notes issued by the Cheyne SIV (defined below), and asserts violations of the
California False Claims Act and other state laws and seeks treble damages, civil penalties, disgorgement, and injunctive relief. On July 20, 2016, MS Co. filed a demurrer, which was granted on September 30, 2016. On October 21,
2016, the California Attorney General filed an amended complaint.    In October 2014, the Illinois Attorney
General s Office ( ILAG ) sent a letter to MS Co. alleging that MS Co. knowingly made misrepresentations related to RMBS purchased by certain pension funds affiliated with the State of Illinois and demanding that MS Co.
pay ILAG approximately $88 million. MS Co. and ILAG reached an agreement to resolve the matter on February 10, 2016.  
 On January 13, 2015, the New York Attorney General s Office ( NYAG ), which is also a member of the RMBS
Working Group, indicated that it intended to file a lawsuit related to approximately 30 subprime securitizations sponsored by MS Co. NYAG indicated that the lawsuit would allege that MS Co. misrepresented or omitted material information
related to the due diligence, underwriting and valuation of the loans in the securitizations and the properties securing them and indicated that its lawsuit would be brought under the Martin Act. MS Co. and NYAG reached an agreement to resolve
the matter on February 10, 2016.    On June 5, 2012, MS Co. consented to and became the subject of an Order
Instituting Proceedings Pursuant to Sections 6(c) and 6(d) of the Commodity Exchange Act, as amended, Making Findings and Imposing Remedial Sanctions by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission ( CFTC ) to resolve allegations related to
the failure of a salesperson to comply with exchange rules that prohibit off-exchange futures transactions unless there is an Exchange for Related Position ( EFRP ). Specifically, the CFTC found that from April 2008 through October 2009,
MS Co. violated Section 4c(a) of the Commodity Exchange Act and CFTC Regulation 1.38 by executing, processing and reporting numerous off-exchange futures trades to the Chicago Mercantile Exchange ( CME ) and Chicago Board of Trade
( CBOT ) as EFRPs in violation of CME and CBOT rules because those trades lacked the corresponding and related cash, OTC swap, OTC option, or other OTC derivative position. In addition, the CFTC found that MS Co. violated CFTC
Regulation 166.3 by failing to supervise the handling of the trades at issue and failing to have adequate policies and procedures designed to detect and deter the violations of the Commodity Exchange Act and CFTC Regulations. Without admitting or
denying the underlying allegations and without adjudication of any issue of law or fact, MS Co. accepted and consented to entry of findings and the imposition of a cease and desist order, a fine of $5,000,000, and undertakings related to public
statements, cooperation and payment of the fine. MS Co. entered into corresponding and related settlements with the CME and CBOT in which the CME found that MS Co. violated CME Rules 432.Q and 538 and fined MS Co. $750,000 and CBOT found
that MS Co. violated CBOT Rules 432.Q and 538 and fined MS Co. $1,000,000.    On July 23, 2014, the SEC
approved a settlement by MS Co. and certain affiliates to resolve an investigation related to certain subprime RMBS transactions sponsored and underwritten by those entities in 2007. Pursuant to the settlement, MS Co. and certain
affiliates were charged with violating Sections 17(a)(2) and 17(a)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, agreed to pay disgorgement and penalties in an amount of $275 million and neither admitted nor denied the SEC s findings.  
 On April 21, 2015, the Chicago Board Options Exchange, Incorporated ( CBOE ) and the CBOE Futures Exchange, LLC
( CFE ) filed statements of charges against MS Co. in connection with trading by one of MS Co. s former traders of EEM options contracts that allegedly disrupted the final settlement price of the November 2012 VXEM
futures. CBOE alleged that MS Co. violated CBOE Rules 4.1, 4.2 and 4.7, Sections 9(a) and 10(b) of the Exchange Act, and Rule 10b-5 thereunder. CFE alleged that MS Co. violated CFE Rules 608, 609 and 620. The matters were
resolved on June 28, 2016 without any findings of fraud.  
      24  

Table of Contents  

  On June 18, 2015, MS Co. entered into a settlement with the SEC and paid
a fine of $500,000 as part of the Municipalities Continuing Disclosure Cooperation Initiative to resolve allegations that MS Co. failed to form a reasonable basis through adequate due diligence for believing the truthfulness of the assertions by
issuers and/or obligors regarding their compliance with previous continuing disclosure undertakings pursuant to Rule 15c2-12 under the Exchange Act in connection with offerings in which MS Co. acted as senior or sole underwriter. 
 On August 6, 2015, MS Co. consented to and became the subject of an order by the CFTC to resolve allegations that
MS Co. violated CFTC Regulation 22.9(a) by failing to hold sufficient U.S. dollars in cleared swap segregated accounts in the United States to meet all U.S. dollar obligations to cleared swaps customers. Specifically, the CFTC found that while
MS Co. at all times held sufficient funds in segregation to cover its obligations to its customers, on certain days during 2013 and 2014, it held currencies, such as euros, instead of U.S. dollars, to meet its U.S. dollar obligations. In
addition, the CFTC found that MS Co. violated CFTC Regulation 166.3 by failing to have in place adequate procedures to ensure that it complied with CFTC Regulation 22.9(a). Without admitting or denying the findings or conclusions and
without adjudication of any issue of law or fact, MS Co. accepted and consented to the entry of findings, the imposition of a cease and desist order, a civil monetary penalty of $300,000, and undertakings related to public statements,
cooperation, and payment of the monetary penalty.      Civil Litigation    
 On December 23, 2009, the Federal Home Loan Bank of Seattle filed a complaint against MS Co. and another
defendant in the Superior Court of the State of Washington, styled  Federal Home Loan Bank of Seattle v. Morgan Stanley   Co. Inc., et al.  The amended complaint, filed on September 28, 2010, alleges that defendants made
untrue statements and material omissions in the sale to plaintiff of certain mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The total amount of certificates allegedly sold to plaintiff by
MS Co. was approximately $233 million. The complaint raises claims under the Washington State Securities Act and seeks, among other things, to rescind the plaintiff s purchase of such certificates. By orders dated June
23, 2011 and July 18, 2011, the court denied defendants  omnibus motion to dismiss plaintiff s amended complaint and on August 15, 2011, the court denied MS Co. s individual motion to dismiss the amended
complaint. On March 7, 2013, the court granted defendants  motion to strike plaintiff s demand for a jury trial. The defendants  joint motions for partial summary judgment were denied on November 9, 2015. At
September 25, 2016, the current unpaid balance of the mortgage pass-through certificates at issue in this action was approximately $43 million, and the certificates had not yet incurred actual losses. Based on currently available information,
MS Co. believes it could incur a loss in this action up to the difference between the $43 million unpaid balance of these certificates (plus any losses incurred) and their fair market value at the time of a judgment against MS Co., plus pre-
and post-judgment interest, fees and costs. MS Co. may be entitled to be indemnified for some of these losses and to an offset for interest received by the plaintiff prior to a judgment.  
 On March 15, 2010, the Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco filed a complaint against MS Co. and other defendants
in the Superior Court of the State of California styled  Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco v. Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. et al.  An amended complaint, filed on June 10, 2010, alleges that defendants made untrue
statements and material omissions in connection with the sale to plaintiff of certain mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The amount of certificates allegedly sold to
plaintiff by MS Co. was approximately $276 million. The complaint raises claims under both the federal securities laws and California law and seeks, among other things, to rescind the plaintiff s purchase of such
certificates. On August 11, 2011, plaintiff s federal securities law claims were dismissed with prejudice. On February 9, 2012, defendants  demurrers with respect to all other claims were overruled. On December 20,
2013, plaintiff s negligent misrepresentation claims were dismissed with prejudice. At September 25, 2016, the current unpaid balance of the mortgage pass-through certificates at issue in these cases was approximately $52 million, and the
certificates had incurred actual losses of approximately $2 million. Based on currently available information, MS Co. believes it could incur a loss for this action up to the difference between the $55 million unpaid balance of these
certificates (plus any losses incurred) and their fair market value at the time of a judgment against MS Co., or upon sale, plus pre- and post-judgment interest, fees and costs. MS Co. may be entitled to be indemnified for some of these
losses and to an offset for interest received by the plaintiff prior to a judgment.  
      25  

Table of Contents  

  On July 15, 2010, China Development Industrial Bank ( CDIB ) filed
a complaint against MS Co., styled  China Development Industrial Bank v. Morgan Stanley   Co. Incorporated et al ., which is pending in the Supreme Court of the State of New York, New York County ( Supreme Court of NY ).
The complaint relates to a $275 million credit default swap referencing the super senior portion of the STACK 2006-1 CDO. The complaint asserts claims for common law fraud, fraudulent inducement and fraudulent concealment and alleges that
MS Co. misrepresented the risks of the STACK 2006-1 CDO to CDIB, and that MS Co. knew that the assets backing the CDO were of poor quality when it entered into the credit default swap with CDIB. The complaint seeks compensatory damages
related to the approximately $228 million that CDIB alleges it has already lost under the credit default swap, rescission of CDIB s obligation to pay an additional $12 million, punitive damages, equitable relief, fees and costs. On
February 28, 2011, the court denied MS Co. s motion to dismiss the complaint. Based on currently available information, MS Co. believes it could incur a loss of up to approximately $240 million plus pre- and post-judgment interest,
fees and costs.    On October 15, 2010, the Federal Home Loan Bank of Chicago filed a complaint against
MS Co. and other defendants in the Circuit Court of the State of Illinois, styled  Federal Home Loan Bank of Chicago v. Bank of America Funding Corporation et al.  A corrected amended complaint was filed on
April 8, 2011, which alleges that defendants made untrue statements and material omissions in the sale to plaintiff of a number of mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage
loans and asserts claims under Illinois law. The total amount of certificates allegedly sold to plaintiff by MS Co. at issue in the action was approximately $203 million. The complaint seeks, among other things, to
rescind the plaintiff s purchase of such certificates. The defendants filed a motion to dismiss the corrected amended complaint on May 27, 2011, which was denied on September 19, 2012. On December 13, 2013, the court entered
an order dismissing all claims related to one of the securitizations at issue. After that dismissal, the remaining amount of certificates allegedly issued by MS Co. or sold to plaintiff by MS Co. was approximately $78 million. At
September 25, 2016, the current unpaid balance of the mortgage pass-through certificates at issue in this action was approximately $48 million, and the certificates had not yet incurred actual losses. Based on currently available information,
MS Co. believes it could incur a loss in this action up to the difference between the $48 million unpaid balance of these certificates (plus any losses incurred) and their fair market value at the time of a judgment against MS Co., plus pre-
and post-judgment interest, fees and costs. MS Co. may be entitled to be indemnified for some of these losses and to an offset for interest received by the plaintiff prior to a judgment.  
 On April 20, 2011, the Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston filed a complaint against MS Co. and other defendants in the
Superior Court of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts styled  Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston v. Ally Financial, Inc. F/K/A GMAC LLC et al.  An amended complaint was filed on June 29, 2012 and alleges that defendants made untrue statements
and material omissions in the sale to plaintiff of certain mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The total amount of certificates allegedly issued by MS Co. or sold to plaintiff
by MS Co. was approximately $385 million. The amended complaint raises claims under the Massachusetts Uniform Securities Act, the Massachusetts Consumer Protection Act and common law and seeks, among other things, to rescind the plaintiff s
purchase of such certificates. On May 26, 2011, defendants removed the case to the United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts. The defendants  motions to dismiss the amended complaint were granted in part and denied in
part on September 30, 2013. On November 25, 2013, July 16, 2014, and May 19, 2015, respectively, the plaintiff voluntarily dismissed its claims against MS Co. with respect to three of the securitizations at issue. After these
voluntary dismissals, the remaining amount of certificates allegedly issued by MS Co. or sold to plaintiff by MS Co. was approximately $332 million. At September 25, 2016, the current unpaid balance of the mortgage pass-through
certificates at issue in this action was approximately $52 million, and the certificates had not yet incurred actual losses. Based on currently available information, MS Co. believes it could incur a loss in this action up to the difference
between the $52 million unpaid balance of these certificates (plus any losses incurred) and their fair market value at the time of a judgment against MS Co., or upon sale, plus pre- and post-judgment interest, fees and costs. MS Co. may be
entitled to be indemnified for some of these losses and to an offset for interest received by the plaintiff prior to a judgment. 
      26  

Table of Contents  

  On May 3, 2013, plaintiffs in  Deutsche Zentral-Genossenschaftsbank AG et
al. v. Morgan Stanley et al.  filed a complaint against MS Co., certain affiliates, and other defendants in the Supreme Court of NY. The complaint alleges that defendants made material misrepresentations and omissions in the sale to
plaintiffs of certain mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The total amount of certificates allegedly sponsored, underwritten and/or sold by MS Co. to plaintiff currently at
issue in this action was approximately $644 million. The complaint alleges causes of action against MS Co. for common law fraud, fraudulent concealment, aiding and abetting fraud, negligent misrepresentation, and rescission and seeks, among
other things, compensatory and punitive damages. On June 10, 2014, the court granted in part and denied in part MS Co. s motion to dismiss the complaint. MS Co. perfected its appeal from that decision on June 12, 2015. At
September 25, 2016, the current unpaid balance of the mortgage pass-through certificates at issue in this action was approximately $252 million, and the certificates had incurred actual losses of approximately $85 million. Based on currently
available information, MS Co. believes it could incur a loss in this action up to the difference between the $252 million unpaid balance of these certificates (plus any losses incurred) and their fair market value at the time of a judgment
against MS Co., or upon sale, plus pre- and post-judgment interest, fees and costs. MS Co. may be entitled to be indemnified for some of these losses.  
 On May 17, 2013, plaintiff in  IKB International S.A. in Liquidation, et al. v. Morgan Stanley, et al.  filed a
complaint against MS Co. and certain affiliates in the Supreme Court of NY. The complaint alleges that defendants made material misrepresentations and omissions in the sale to plaintiff of certain mortgage pass-through certificates backed by
securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The total amount of certificates allegedly sponsored, underwritten and/or sold by MS Co. to plaintiff was approximately $132 million. The complaint alleges causes of action
against MS Co. for common law fraud, fraudulent concealment, aiding and abetting fraud, and negligent misrepresentation, and seeks, among other things, compensatory and punitive damages. On October 29, 2014, the court granted in part and
denied in part MS Co. s motion to dismiss. All claims regarding four certificates were dismissed. After these dismissals, the remaining amount of certificates allegedly issued by MS Co. or sold to plaintiff by MS Co. was
approximately $116 million. On August 26, 2015, MS Co. perfected its appeal from the court s October 29, 2014 decision. On August 11, 2016, the Appellate Division, First Department affirmed the trial court s decision
denying in part MS Co. s motion to dismiss the complaint. At September 25, 2016, the current unpaid balance of the mortgage pass-through certificates at issue in this action was approximately $26 million, and the certificates had
incurred actual losses of $58 million. Based on currently available information, MS Co. believes it could incur a loss in this action up to the difference between the $26 million unpaid balance of these certificates (plus any losses incurred)
and their fair market value at the time of a judgment against MS Co., or upon sale, plus pre- and post-judgment interest, fees and costs. MS Co. may be entitled to be indemnified for some of these losses and to an offset for interest
received by the plaintiff prior to a judgment.      Settled Civil Litigation    
 On August 25, 2008, MS Co. and two ratings agencies were named as defendants in a purported class action related to
securities issued by a structured investment vehicle called Cheyne Finance PLC and Cheyne Finance LLC (together, the  Cheyne SIV ). The case was styled  Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank, et al. v. Morgan Stanley   Co. Inc., et al. 
The complaint alleged, among other things, that the ratings assigned to the securities issued by the Cheyne SIV were false and misleading, including because the ratings did not accurately reflect the risks associated with the subprime residential
mortgage-backed securities held by the Cheyne SIV. The plaintiffs asserted allegations of aiding and abetting fraud and negligent misrepresentation relating to approximately $852 million of securities issued by the Cheyne SIV. On April 24,
2013, the parties reached an agreement to settle the case, and on April 26, 2013, the court dismissed the action with prejudice.  
      27  

Table of Contents  

  On March 15, 2010, the Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco filed a
complaint against MS Co. and other defendants in the Superior Court of the State of California styled  Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco v. Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, et al . An amended complaint filed on
June 10, 2010 alleged that defendants made untrue statements and material omissions in connection with the sale to plaintiff of a number of mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential
mortgage loans. The amount of certificates allegedly sold to plaintiff by MS Co. was approximately $704 million. The complaint raised claims under both the federal securities laws and California law and sought, among other things, to
rescind the plaintiff s purchase of such certificates. On January 26, 2015, as a result of a settlement with certain other defendants, the plaintiff requested and the court subsequently entered a dismissal with prejudice of certain of
the plaintiff s claims, including all remaining claims against MS Co..    On July 9, 2010 and
February 11, 2011, Cambridge Place Investment Management Inc. filed two separate complaints against MS Co. and/or its affiliates and other defendants in the Superior Court of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, both styled
 Cambridge Place Investment Management Inc. v. Morgan Stanley   Co., Inc., et al.  The complaints asserted claims on behalf of certain clients of plaintiff s affiliates and alleged that defendants made untrue statements and
material omissions in the sale of a number of mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The total amount of certificates allegedly issued by MS Co. and/or its
affiliates or sold to plaintiff s affiliates  clients by MS Co. and/or its affiliates in the two matters was approximately $263 million. On February 11, 2014, the parties entered into an agreement to settle the litigation. On
February 20, 2014, the court dismissed the action.    On October 25, 2010, MS Co., certain affiliates and
Pinnacle Performance Limited, a special purpose vehicle ( SPV ), were named as defendants in a purported class action in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York ( SDNY ), styled  Ge Dandong, et
al. v. Pinnacle Performance Ltd., et al.  On January 31, 2014, the plaintiffs in the action, which related to securities issued by the SPV in Singapore, filed a second amended complaint, which asserted common law claims of fraud, aiding and
abetting fraud, fraudulent inducement, aiding and abetting fraudulent inducement, and breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing. On July 17, 2014, the parties reached an agreement to settle the litigation, which received
final court approval on July 2, 2015.    On July 5, 2011, Allstate Insurance Company and certain of its affiliated
entities filed a complaint against MS Co. in the Supreme Court of NY, styled  Allstate Insurance Company, et al. v. Morgan Stanley, et al . An amended complaint was filed on September 9, 2011, and alleged that the defendants made
untrue statements and material omissions in the sale to the plaintiffs of certain mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The total amount of certificates allegedly issued and/or sold
to the plaintiffs by MS Co. was approximately $104 million. The complaint raised common law claims of fraud, fraudulent inducement, aiding and abetting fraud, and negligent misrepresentation and seeks, among other things, compensatory and/or
recessionary damages associated with the plaintiffs  purchases of such certificates. On January 16, 2015, the parties reached an agreement to settle the litigation.  
 On July 18, 2011, the Western and Southern Life Insurance Company and certain affiliated companies filed a
complaint against MS Co. and other defendants in the Court of Common Pleas in Ohio, styled  Western and Southern Life Insurance Company, et al. v. Morgan Stanley Mortgage Capital Inc., et al . An amended complaint was filed
on April 2, 2012 and alleged that defendants made untrue statements and material omissions in the sale to plaintiffs of certain mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The amount
of the certificates allegedly sold to plaintiffs by MS Co. was approximately $153 million. On June 8, 2015, the parties reached an agreement to settle the litigation.  
      28  

Table of Contents  

  On September 2, 2011, the Federal Housing Finance Agency, as conservator for
Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, filed 17 complaints against numerous financial services companies, including MS Co. and certain affiliates. A complaint against MS Co. and certain affiliates and other defendants was filed in the Supreme
Court of NY, styled  Federal Housing Finance Agency, as Conservator v. Morgan Stanley et al . The complaint alleged that defendants made untrue statements and material omissions in connection with the sale to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac
of residential mortgage pass-through certificates with an original unpaid balance of approximately $11 billion. The complaint raised claims under federal and state securities laws and common law and sought, among other things, rescission and
compensatory and punitive damages. On February 7, 2014, the parties entered into an agreement to settle the litigation. On February 20, 2014, the court dismissed the action.  
 On April 25, 2012, Metropolitan Life Insurance Company and certain affiliates filed a complaint against MS Co. and
certain affiliates in the Supreme Court of NY, styled  Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, et al. v. Morgan Stanley, et al.  An amended complaint was filed on June 29, 2012, and alleged that the defendants made untrue statements and
material omissions in the sale to the plaintiffs of certain mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The total amount of certificates allegedly sponsored, underwritten, and/or sold by
MS Co. was approximately $758 million. The amended complaint raised common law claims of fraud, fraudulent inducement, and aiding and abetting fraud and sought, among other things, rescission, compensatory, and/or rescissionary damages, as well
as punitive damages, associated with the plaintiffs  purchases of such certificates. On April 11, 2014, the parties entered into a settlement agreement.  
 On April 25, 2012, The Prudential Insurance Company of America and certain affiliates filed a complaint against
MS Co. and certain affiliates in the Superior Court of the State of New Jersey, styled  The Prudential Insurance Company of America, et al. v. Morgan Stanley, et al.  On October 16, 2012, plaintiffs filed an amended complaint. The
amended complaint alleged that defendants made untrue statements and material omissions in connection with the sale to plaintiffs of certain mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans.
The total amount of certificates allegedly sponsored, underwritten and/or sold by MS Co. was approximately $1.073 billion. The amended complaint raised claims under the New Jersey Uniform Securities Law, as well as common law claims of negligent
misrepresentation, fraud, fraudulent inducement, equitable fraud, aiding and abetting fraud, and violations of the New Jersey Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act, and included a claim for treble damages. On January 8, 2016, the
parties reached an agreement to settle the litigation.     In re Morgan Stanley Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates
Litigation , which had been pending in the SDNY, was a putative class action involving allegations that, among other things, the registration statements and offering documents related to the offerings of certain mortgage pass-through certificates
in 2006 and 2007 contained false and misleading information concerning the pools of residential loans that backed these securitizations. On December 18, 2014, the parties  agreement to settle the litigation received final court approval,
and on December 19, 2014, the court entered an order dismissing the action.   On November 4, 2011, the Federal
Deposit Insurance Corporation, as receiver for Franklin Bank S.S.B, filed two complaints against MS Co. in the District Court of the State of Texas. Each was styled  Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation as Receiver for Franklin Bank, S.S.B v.
Morgan Stanley   Company LLC F/K/A Morgan Stanley   Co. Inc.  and alleged that MS Co. made untrue statements and material omissions in connection with the sale to plaintiff of mortgage pass-through certificates backed by
securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The amount of certificates allegedly underwritten and sold to plaintiff by MS Co. in these cases was approximately $67 million and $35 million, respectively. On July 2, 2015, the
parties reached an agreement to settle the litigation.    On February 14, 2013, Bank Hapoalim B.M. filed a complaint
against MS Co. and certain affiliates in the Supreme Court of NY, styled  Bank Hapoalim B.M. v. Morgan Stanley et al.  The complaint alleged that defendants made material misrepresentations and omissions in the sale to plaintiff of
certain mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The total amount of certificates allegedly sponsored, underwritten and/or sold by MS Co. to plaintiff was approximately $141
million. On July 28, 2015, the parties reached an agreement to settle the litigation, and on August 12, 2015, the plaintiff filed a stipulation of discontinuance with prejudice.  
      29  

Table of Contents  

  On September 23, 2013, the plaintiff in  National Credit Union
Administration Board v. Morgan Stanley   Co. Inc., et al.  filed a complaint against MS Co. and certain affiliates in the SDNY. The complaint alleged that defendants made untrue statements of material fact or omitted to state
material facts in the sale to the plaintiff of certain mortgage pass-through certificates issued by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The total amount of certificates allegedly sponsored, underwritten and/or sold by
MS Co. to plaintiffs in the matter was approximately $417 million. The complaint alleged violations of federal and various state securities laws and sought, among other things, rescissionary and compensatory damages. On November 23, 2015,
the parties reached an agreement to settle the matter.    On September 16, 2014, the Virginia Attorney General s
Office filed a civil lawsuit, styled  Commonwealth of Virginia ex rel. Integra REC LLC v. Barclays Capital Inc., et al. , against MS Co. and several other defendants in the Circuit Court of the City of Richmond related to RMBS. The lawsuit
alleged that MS Co. and the other defendants knowingly made misrepresentations and omissions related to the loans backing RMBS purchased by the Virginia Retirement System. The complaint asserted claims under the Virginia Fraud Against Taxpayers
Act, as well as common law claims of actual and constructive fraud, and sought, among other things, treble damages and civil penalties. On January 6, 2016, the parties reached an agreement to settle the litigation. An order dismissing the
action with prejudice was entered on January 28, 2016.    Additional lawsuits containing claims similar to those
described above may be filed in the future. In the course of its business, MS Co., as a major futures commission merchant, is party to various civil actions, claims and routine regulatory investigations and proceedings that the General Partner
believes do not have a material effect on the business of MS Co. MS Co. may establish reserves from time to time in connections with such actions.  
      30  

Table of Contents  

     Item 1A.    Risk Factors   
 There have been no material changes to the risk factors set forth under Part I, Item 1A.  Risk Factors  in the
Partnership s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 and under Part II, Item 1A.  Risk Factors  in the Partnership s Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31, 2016 and June
30, 2016.       Item 2.    Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
 For the three months ended September 30, 2016, there were no additional subscriptions by limited partners. The Redeemable Units
and Special Limited Partner Redeemable Units were issued in reliance upon applicable exemptions from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 506 of Regulation D promulgated thereunder. These
Redeemable Units were purchased by accredited investors as defined in Regulation D. In determining the applicability of the exemptions, the General Partner relied on the fact that the Redeemable Units and Special Limited Partner Redeemable Units
were purchased by accredited investors in a private offering.    The Partnership no longer offers Redeemable Units.  
 The following chart sets forth the purchases of Redeemable Units by the Partnership.  

* 
   Generally, limited partners are permitted to redeem their Redeemable Units as of the end of each month on
three business days  notice to the General Partner. Under certain circumstances, the General Partner may compel redemption, although to date the General Partner has not exercised this right. Purchases of Redeemable Units by the Partnership
reflected in the chart above were made in the ordinary course of the Partnership s business in connection with effecting redemptions for limited partners.     

** 
   Redemptions of Redeemable Units are effected as of the end of each month at the net asset value per Redeemable
Unit as of that day. No fee will be charged for redemptions.          Item
3.      Defaults Upon Senior Securities    None       Item
4.      Mine Safety Disclosures    Not applicable       Item
5.      Other Information    None  
      31  

Table of Contents  

     Item 6.    Exhibits   
 Exhibits:      

3.1   

Certificate of Limited Partnership of the Partnership as filed in the Office of the Secretary of State of the State of New
York, dated December 30, 1997 (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Partnership Form 10 filed on April 30, 1999 and incorporated herein by reference).   

(a)  
   
   Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Limited Partnership as filed in the Office of the Secretary of State of the
State of New York, dated October 1, 1999 (filed as Exhibit 3.1(a) to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 16, 2009 and incorporated herein by reference).   

(b)  
   
   Certificate of Change of the Certificate of Limited Partnership as filed in the Office of the Secretary of State of the
State of New York, effective January 31, 2000 (filed as Exhibit 3.1(b) to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 16, 2009 and incorporated herein by reference).   

(c)  
   
   Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Limited Partnership as filed in the Office of the Secretary of State of the
State of New York, dated May 21, 2003 (filed as Exhibit 3.1(c) to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 16, 2009 and incorporated herein by reference).   

(d)  
   
   Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Limited Partnership as filed in the Office of the Secretary of State of the
State of New York, dated September 21, 2005 (filed as Exhibit 3.1(d) to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 16, 2009 and incorporated herein by reference).   

(e)  
   
   Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Limited Partnership as filed in the Office of the Secretary of State of the
State of New York, dated September 19, 2008 (filed as Exhibit 3.1(e) to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 16, 2009 and incorporated herein by reference).   

(f)  
   
   Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Limited Partnership as filed in the Office of the Secretary of State of the
State of New York, dated September 28, 2009 (filed as Exhibit 99.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 30, 2009 and incorporated herein by reference).   

(g)  
   
   Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Limited Partnership as filed in the Office of the Secretary of State of the
State of New York, dated June 29, 2010 (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 2, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference).   

(h)  
   
   Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Limited Partnership as filed in the Office of the Secretary of State of the
State of New York, dated September 2, 2011 (filed as Exhibit 3.1(g) to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 7, 2011 and incorporated herein by reference).   

(i)  
   
   Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Limited Partnership as filed in the office of the Secretary of State of the
State of New York, dated August 7, 2013 (filed as Exhibit 3.1(i) to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 14, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference).   

(j)  
   
   Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Limited Partnership as filed in the office of the Secretary of State of the
State of New York, dated January 7, 2015 (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 13, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference).   

3.2   
   
   (a)  
   
   Second Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement, dated and effective January 1, 2015 (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the
Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 7, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference).   

(b)  
   
   Amendment No. 1 to the Second Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement, effective January 1, 2016 (filed as
Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 6, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference).   

10.1 
   
   (a)  
   
   Customer Agreement between the Partnership and Smith Barney Inc., dated February 12, 1998 (filed as Exhibit 10.B to the
Partnership Form 10 filed on April 30, 1999 and incorporated herein by reference).    
      32  

Table of Contents  

(b)  
   
   Commodity Futures Customer Agreement between the Partnership and MS Co., effective October 30, 2013 (filed as
Exhibit 10.1(b) to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference).   

(c)  
   
   Commodity Futures Customer Agreement between the Partnership and MS Co., effective March 1, 2014 (filed as
Exhibit 10.1(c) to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 28, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference).   

(d)  
   
   U.S. Treasury Securities Purchase Authorization Agreement, between the Partnership and MS Co., effective June 1,
2015 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 4, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference.)   

10.2 
   
   (a)  
   
   Agency Agreement among the Partnership, Smith Barney Futures Management Inc. and Smith Barney Inc., dated February 12, 1998
(filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 16, 2009 and incorporated herein by reference).   

(b)  
   
   Amended and Restated Alternative Investment Selling Agent Agreement between the Partnership, the General Partner and Morgan
Stanley Wealth Management, effective March 3, 2016 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 8, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference).   

10.3 

Escrow Agreement among the Partnership, Smith Barney Futures Management Inc., Smith Barney Inc. and European American Bank,
dated February 9, 1998 (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 16, 2009 and incorporated herein by reference).   

10.4 

Advisory Agreement among the Partnership, the General Partner and AAA Capital Management Advisors, Ltd., dated April 3,
2006 (filed as Exhibit 33 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 14, 2006 and incorporated herein by reference).   

(a)  
   
   Letter extending the Management Agreements between the General Partner and AAA Capital Management Advisors, Ltd. from June
30, 2014 to June 30, 2015 (filed as Exhibit 10.4(a) to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 30, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference).   

(b)  
   
   Management Agreement among the Partnership, the General Partner and Pan Capital Management, LP, dated January 6, 2015
(filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 7, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference).   

10.5 

Amended and Restated Master Services Agreement, by and among the Partnership, the General Partner and SS C
Technologies, Inc. effective March 31, 2015 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 6, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference).   
   The exhibits required to be filed by Item 601 of regulation S-K are incorporated herein by reference.  

101. INS  
    
   XBRL Instance Document.   

101. SCH  
    
   XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document.   

101. CAL  
    
   XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document.   

101. LAB  
    
   XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document.   

101. PRE  
    
   XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document.   

101. DEF  
    
   XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document.   
 
      33  

Table of Contents  

   SIGNATURES   
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.      

MANAGED FUTURES PREMIER ENERGY FUND L.P.   

By:  
   
   Ceres Managed Futures LLC 
 (General Partner)   

By:  
   
   /s/  Patrick T. Egan   

Patrick T. Egan   

President and Director   

Date:  
   
   November 10, 2016   

By:  
   
   /s/  Steven Ross   

Steven Ross   

Chief Financial Officer and Director   

(Principal Accounting Officer)   

Date:  
   
   November 10, 2016   
 
      34  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 d239086dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1   
  CERTIFICATIONS     I,
Patrick T. Egan, certify that:      

1. 
   I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Managed Futures Premier Energy Fund L.P.;

2. 
   Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;     

3. 
   Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;     

4. 
   The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

(a) 
   Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is
being prepared;         

(b) 
   Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles;         

(c) 
   Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this
report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and     

(d) 
   Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and         

5. 
   The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):     

(a) 
   All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and     

(b) 
   Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in
the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.       Date: November 10, 2016  

/s/ Patrick T. Egan   
 
   Patrick T. Egan   
 
   Ceres Managed Futures LLC 
 President and Director   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 d239086dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2   
  CERTIFICATIONS     I, Steven
Ross, certify that:      

1. 
   I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Managed Futures Premier Energy Fund L.P.;

2. 
   Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;     

3. 
   Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;     

4. 
   The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

(a) 
   Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is
being prepared;         

(b) 
   Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles;         

(c) 
   Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this
report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and     

(d) 
   Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and         

5. 
   The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):     

(a) 
   All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and     

(b) 
   Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in
the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.       Date: November 10, 2016  

/s/ Steven Ross   
 
   Steven Ross   
 
   Ceres Managed Futures LLC   
 
   Chief Financial Officer and Director   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 d239086dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Managed Futures Premier Energy Fund L.P. (the  Partnership ) on Form 10-Q
for the period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Patrick T. Egan, President and Director of Ceres Managed Futures LLC, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  
1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:      

(1) 
   The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934; and         

(2) 
   The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and
results of operations of the Partnership.         

/s/ Patrick T. Egan   
 
   Patrick T. Egan   
 
   Ceres Managed Futures LLC 
 President and Director   
   Date: November 10, 2016  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 d239086dex322.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32.2 

Exhibit 32.2   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Managed Futures Premier Energy Fund L.P. (the  Partnership ) on Form 10-Q
for the period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Steven Ross, Chief Financial Officer and Director of Ceres Managed Futures LLC, certify, pursuant to 18
U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:      

(1) 
   The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934; and         

(2) 
   The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and
results of operations of the Partnership.         

/s/ Steven Ross   
 
   Steven Ross   
 
   Ceres Managed Futures LLC   
 
   Chief Financial Officer and Director   
   Date: November 10, 2016  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 acef-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 acef-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 acef-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 acef-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 acef-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 acef-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

