<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161102_10-Q_edgar_data_766421_0000766421-16-000108_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8501276</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>91697</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>344856</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3430602</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3492258</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>957856</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>51</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000766421-16-000108.hdr.sgml : 20161102
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161101173522
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000766421-16-000108
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		60
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161102
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161101

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ALASKA AIR GROUP, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000766421
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	AIR TRANSPORTATION, SCHEDULED [4512]
		IRS NUMBER:				911292054
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-08957
		FILM NUMBER:		161965741

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		19300 INTERNATIONAL BOULEVARD
		CITY:			SEATTLE
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98188
		BUSINESS PHONE:		206-392-5040

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		19300 INTERNATIONAL BOULEVARD
		CITY:			SEATTLE
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98188

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ALASKA AIR GROUP INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000766421-16-000108.txt : 20161102

10-Q
 1
 a10-q32016.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  WASHINGTON, DC 20549 
    
  FORM 10-Q 

T      QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
    
  For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016    
    
  OR 
    
         TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
    
     For the transition period from                      to                       
    
  Commission File Number 1-8957 
  ALASKA AIR GROUP, INC. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes   T    No        
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes   T   No     
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of  large accelerated filer , "accelerated filer" and "smaller reporting company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act (Check one): 
                     Large accelerated filer         T 
    Accelerated filer         
    Non-accelerated filer       
    Smaller reporting company       

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.): Yes       No   T 
    
  The registrant has   123,271,393   common shares, par value $0.01, outstanding at   October 31, 2016  . 

ALASKA AIR GROUP, INC. 
  FORM 10-Q FOR THE QUARTER ENDED   SEPTEMBER 30, 2016    
    
     TABLE OF CONTENTS 
    
                    PART I.  
     FINANCIAL INFORMATION  
     4 
       ITEM 1.  
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
     4 
       ITEM 2.  
     MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  
     21 
       ITEM 3.  
     QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURE ABOUT MARKET RISK  
     39 
       ITEM 4.  
     CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  
     39 
       PART II.  
     OTHER INFORMATION  
     41 
       ITEM 1.  
     LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  
     41 
       ITEM 1A.  
     RISK FACTORS  
     41 
       ITEM 2.  
     UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS  
     41 
       ITEM 3.  
     DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES  
     41 
       ITEM 4.  
     MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES  
     41 
       ITEM 5.  
     OTHER INFORMATION  
     41 
       ITEM 6.  
     EXHIBITS  
     42 
        
     SIGNATURES  
     42 

As used in this Form 10-Q, the terms  Air Group,  the "Company,"  our,   we  and "us," refer to Alaska Air Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries, unless the context indicates otherwise. Alaska Airlines, Inc. and Horizon Air Industries, Inc. are referred to as  Alaska  and  Horizon,  respectively, and together as our  airlines.  

2 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
    
  Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements  
  In addition to historical information, this Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  Forward-looking statements are those that predict or describe future events or trends and that do not relate solely to historical matters.  You can generally identify forward-looking statements as statements containing the words "believe," "expect," "will," "anticipate," "intend," "estimate," "project," "assume" or other similar expressions, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words.  Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical experience or the Company s present expectations. Some of the things that could cause our actual results to differ from our expectations are:  

our pending acquisition and the subsequent merger of Virgin America Inc. (Virgin America); 
                
    the competitive environment in our industry;  
                
    changes in our operating costs, primarily fuel, which can be volatile;  
                
    general economic conditions, including the impact of those conditions on customer travel behavior; 
                
    our ability to meet our cost reduction goals; 
                
    operational disruptions; 
                
    an aircraft accident or incident; 
                
    labor disputes and our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel; 
                
    the concentration of our revenue from a few key markets; 
                
    actual or threatened terrorist attacks, global instability and potential U.S. military actions or activities; 
                
    our reliance on automated systems and the risks associated with changes made to those systems; 
                
    changes in laws and regulations. 
       
  You should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements because the matters they describe are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other unpredictable factors, many of which are beyond our control.  Our forward-looking statements are based on the information currently available to us and speak only as of the date on which this report was filed with the SEC.  We expressly disclaim any obligation to issue any updates or revisions to our forward-looking statements, even if subsequent events cause our expectations to change regarding the matters discussed in those statements.  Over time, our actual results, performance or achievements will likely differ from the anticipated results, performance or achievements that are expressed or implied by our forward-looking statements, and such differences might be significant and materially adverse to our shareholders.  For a discussion of these and other risk factors, see Item 1A. "Risk Factors  of the Company s annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  , as well as in other documents filed by Alaska Air Group with the SEC after the date thereof. Please consider our forward-looking statements in light of those risks as you read this report. 

3 

PART I 

ITEM 1.  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

ALASKA AIR GROUP, INC. 
    
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS   (unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

4 

ALASKA AIR GROUP, INC. 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS   (unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

5 

ALASKA AIR GROUP, INC. 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS   (unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
    6 

ALASKA AIR GROUP, INC. 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE OPERATIONS   (unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

7 

ALASKA AIR GROUP, INC. 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   (unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
    8 

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (unaudited) 

NOTE 1. GENERAL AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
    
  Organization and Basis of Presentation 
    
  The interim condensed consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Alaska Air Group, Inc. (Air Group or the Company) and its primary subsidiaries, Alaska Airlines, Inc. (Alaska) and Horizon Air Industries, Inc. (Horizon), through which the Company conducts substantially all of its operations.  All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated.  These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (GAAP) for interim financial information.  Consistent with these requirements, this Form 10-Q does not include all the information required by GAAP for complete financial statements.  As a result, this Form 10-Q should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying Notes in the Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  .  In the opinion of management, all adjustments have been made that are necessary to present fairly the Company s financial position as of   September 30, 2016  , as well as the results of operations for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  .  The adjustments made were of a normal recurring nature. 
    
  In preparing these statements, the Company is required to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent liabilities, as well as the reported amounts of revenues and expenses.  Due to seasonal variations in the demand for air travel, the volatility of aircraft fuel prices, changes in global economic conditions, changes in the competitive environment, and other factors, operating results for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   are not necessarily indicative of operating results for the entire year. 
    
  Certain reclassifications have been made to prior year financial statements to conform with classifications used in the current year. 
    
  Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
    
  In May 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2014-09, "Revenue from Contracts with Customers" (ASU 2014-09), which requires an entity to recognize the amount of revenue to which it expects to be entitled for the transfer of promised goods or services to customers. The ASU will replace most existing revenue recognition guidance in U.S. GAAP when it becomes effective. In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-08, "Revenue from Contracts with Customers" (Topic 606), Principal versus Agent Considerations, which provides guidance when a revenue transaction involves a third party in providing goods or services to a customer in determining whether the Company is considered the principal or the agent in the transaction. Entities are permitted to use either a full retrospective or cumulative effect transition method, and are required to adopt all parts of the new revenue standard using the same transition method. The new standard is effective for the Company on January 1, 2018. At this time, the Company believes the most significant impact to the financial statements will be in Mileage Plan revenues and liabilities. The Company currently uses the incremental cost approach for miles earned through travel. This standard eliminates that option and the Company will be required to increase its liability for earned miles through a relative selling price model. The Company continues to evaluate the full impact of the standard, and currently plans to apply the full retrospective transition method.  
    
  In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-03, "Interest - Imputation of Interest" (Subtopic 835-30), which requires debt issuance costs related to a debt liability be presented as a direct deduction from the carrying value of the debt liability.  The amendment was adopted as of January 1, 2016. Prior period debt balances have been adjusted to reflect the adoption of ASU 2015-03. The adoption of the ASU had no impact on the Statements of Operations or retained earnings.  
    
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02, "Leases" (Topic 842), which requires lessees to recognize assets and liabilities for leases currently classified as operating leases. Under the new standard a lessee will recognize a liability on the balance sheet representing the lease payments owed, and a right-of-use-asset representing its right to use the underlying asset for the lease term. For leases with a term of 12 months or less, a lessee is permitted to make an accounting policy election not to recognize lease assets and lease liabilities. The new standard is effective for the Company on January 1, 2019. Early adoption of the standard is permitted. The Company is evaluating the effect that ASU 2016-02 will have on its financial statements and related disclosures. The Company has not yet determined whether it will early adopt the standard.  
    
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09, "Compensation - Stock Compensation" (Topic 718). The proposed standard simplifies several aspects of accounting for employee share-based payment awards, including the accounting for income taxes, forfeitures, and statutory tax withholding requirements, as well as classification in the statement of cash flows. The Company is  
  
    9 

evaluating the effect of ASU 2016-09 on the consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. The ASU is effective for the Company beginning January 1, 2017. The Company has not yet elected a transition method. 

NOTE 2.  PROPOSED ACQUISITION OF VIRGIN AMERICA  
    
  On April 1, 2016 the Company entered into an agreement to acquire Virgin America. The Company has agreed to pay Virgin America shareholders   $57   per share, or approximately   $2.6 billion  , in cash for the outstanding common stock of Virgin America. In addition, the Company expects to assume Virgin America's debt and lease obligations, other than related party debt, on the date of acquisition. The merger has been approved by Virgin America's shareholders and is subject to final approval by various regulatory bodies. The Department of Justice (DOJ) is currently reviewing the transaction.  
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company has incurred merger-related costs of   $36 million  . Costs classified as merger-related are directly attributable to merger activities. These costs are classified as special items within the Statement of Operations.  The Company expects to continue to incur merger-related costs in the future if the transaction closes.  

NOTE 3. CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND MARKETABLE SECURITIES 
    
  Components for cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities (in millions): 

The large increase in cash and cash equivalents is due to debt financing received in anticipation of the pending merger with Virgin America. 
    
  Unrealized losses from fixed-income securities are primarily attributable to changes in interest rates.  Management does not believe any remaining unrealized losses represent other-than-temporary impairments based on our evaluation of available evidence as of   September 30, 2016  . 

10 

Activity for marketable securities (in millions):   

Maturities for marketable securities (in millions): 

NOTE 4. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS 
    
  In determining fair value, there is a three-level hierarchy based on the reliability of the inputs used. Level 1 refers to fair values based on quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities, Level 2 refers to fair values estimated using significant other observable inputs and Level 3 refers to fair values estimated using significant unobservable inputs.  
    
  Fair Value of Financial Instruments on a Recurring Basis 
    
  Fair values of financial instruments on the consolidated balance sheet (in millions):  

11 

The Company uses the market and income approach to determine the fair value of marketable securities.  U.S. government securities are Level 1 as the fair value is based on quoted prices in active markets.  Foreign government bonds, asset-backed securities, mortgage-backed securities, corporate notes and bonds, and municipal securities are Level 2 as the fair value is based on standard valuation models that are calculated based on observable inputs such as quoted interest rates, yield curves, credit ratings of the security and other observable market information.  
    
  The Company uses the market approach and the income approach to determine the fair value of derivative instruments.  The fair value for fuel hedge call options is determined utilizing an option pricing model based on inputs that are readily available in active markets, or can be derived from information available in active markets.  In addition, the fair value considers the exposure to credit losses in the event of non-performance by counterparties.  Interest rate swap agreements are Level 2 as the fair value of these contracts is determined based on the difference between the fixed interest rate in the agreements and the observable LIBOR-based interest forward rates at period end, multiplied by the total notional value. 
    
  The Company has no financial assets that are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis at   September 30, 2016  .  
    
  Fair Value of Other Financial Instruments 
    
  The Company used the following methods and assumptions to determine the fair value of financial instruments that are not recognized at fair value as described below. 
    
  Cash and Cash Equivalents  :  Carried at amortized cost, which approximates fair value. 
    
  Debt  :  The carrying amount of the Company's variable-rate debt approximates fair values.  For fixed-rate debt, the Company uses the income approach to determine the estimated fair value, by using discounted cash flows using borrowing rates for comparable debt over the weighted life of the outstanding debt.  The estimated fair value of the fixed-rate debt is Level 3 as certain inputs used are unobservable.   
    
  Fixed-rate debt which is not carried at fair value on the consolidated balance sheet, has an estimated fair value of (in millions): 

12 

NOTE 5. MILEAGE PLAN 
    
  Alaska's Mileage Plan liabilities and deferrals on the consolidated balance sheets (in millions):   

Alaska's Mileage Plan revenue included in the consolidated statements of operations (in millions): 

NOTE 6. LONG-TERM DEBT 
    
  Long-term debt obligations on the consolidated balance sheet (in millions): 

During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , the Company made debt payments of   $93 million  .  In the current quarter the Company obtained approximately   $1.5 billion   of secured debt financing from multiple lenders in anticipation of the pending merger with Virgin America. The loans are secured by a total of   53   aircraft, including   34   737-900ER aircraft and   19   737-800 aircraft.  
    
  To hedge the volatility of the underlying variable interest rates on   $300 million   of the debt obtained in the third quarter of 2016, the Company entered into   two   interest rate swap agreements. The interest rate swap agreements stipulate that the Company pay a fixed interest rate over the term of the loans and receive a floating interest rate.  We have designated these agreements as qualifying hedging instruments and are accounting for them as cash flow hedges. The interest rate swap agreements expire October 2022 and September 2026 to coincide with the debt termination dates. 
    
  Interest rate swaps are recognized at fair value on the balance sheet, and changes in the fair value are recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). The effective portion of the derivative represents the change in fair value of the hedge that offsets the change in fair value of the hedged item. To the extent the change in fair value of the hedge does not perfectly offset the change in the fair value of the hedged item, the ineffective portion of the hedge is recognized in interest expense, if material. 
    
  Subsequent to   September 30, 2016  , the Company obtained an additional   $100 million   of secured debt financing in anticipation of the pending merger with Virgin America. Subsequent events are further discussed in Note 11. 
  
    13 

As discussed in Note 1, the Company adopted ASU 2015-03 which resulted in a reclassification of debt issuance costs as an offset to debt in the consolidated balance sheet. 
    
  At   September 30, 2016  , scheduled long-term debt principal payments for the next five years and thereafter are as follows (in millions): 

Bank Lines of Credit 
    
  The Company has   two     $100 million   credit facilities and   one     $52 million   credit facility.  All   three   facilities have variable interest rates based on LIBOR plus a specified margin.    One   of the   $100 million   facilities, which expires in   September 2017  , is secured by aircraft.  The other   $100 million   facility, which expires in   March 2017  , is secured by certain accounts receivable, spare engines, spare parts and ground service equipment.  The   $52 million   facility expires in October 2017 with a mechanism for annual renewal and is secured by   two   737-800 aircraft. The Company has no immediate plans to borrow using any of these facilities.  All   three   credit facilities have a requirement to maintain a minimum unrestricted cash and marketable securities balance of   $500 million  .  The Company is in compliance with this covenant at   September 30, 2016  . 

NOTE 7. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS 
    
  The Company has a number of employee benefit plans, including qualified and nonqualified defined-benefit plans, defined-contribution plans, postretirement medical benefits, and long-term disability benefits. In relation to the qualified plans, net periodic benefit costs recognized included the following components for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   (in millions). Amounts recognized in relation to all other plans were immaterial to the quarter.  

14 

NOTE 8. COMMITMENTS 
    
  Future minimum fixed payments for commitments (in millions): 

(a)    Includes all non-aircraft lease costs associated with CPA arrangements.  
    
  Lease Commitments 
    
  At   September 30, 2016  , the Company s fleet includes lease contracts for   18   B737 aircraft and   15   Q400s. Additionally, the fleet includes   16   lease commitments under the CPA with SkyWest, comprising   3   CRJ-700s and   13   E175s. All lease contracts have remaining noncancelable lease terms ranging from 2016 to 2029. The Company has the option to increase capacity flown by SkyWest with   8   additional E175 aircraft with delivery in 2019. 
    
  The majority of airport and terminal facilities are also leased.  Rent expense for aircraft and facility leases was   $82 million   and   $77 million   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. Rent expense for aircraft and facility leases was   $226 million   and   $217 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 
    
  Aircraft Purchase Commitments 
    
  As discussed in Note 11, subsequent to   September 30, 2016   the Company deferred the delivery of   four   737-MAX aircraft with deliveries in 2017 and 2018, and exercised   five   737-900ER options for delivery in 2018. These changes are not reflected in the commitments table above. Inclusive of these changes, the Company is committed to purchasing   56   B737 aircraft (  19   737-900ER aircraft and   37   737 MAX aircraft), and   33   E175 aircraft, with deliveries in   2016   through   2023  . In addition, the Company has options to purchase   41   B737 aircraft, and   30   E175 aircraft, which are not reflected in the commitments table above. 
    
  Capacity Purchase Agreements (CPAs) 
    
  At   September 30, 2016  , Alaska had CPAs with   three   carriers, including the Company's wholly-owned subsidiary, Horizon.  Horizon sells   100%   of its capacity under a CPA with Alaska.  In addition, Alaska has CPAs with SkyWest to fly certain routes in the Lower 48 and with PenAir to fly certain routes in the state of Alaska. Under these agreements, Alaska pays the carriers an amount which is based on a determination of their cost of operating those flights and other factors intended to approximate market rates for those services. Future payments (excluding Horizon) are based on minimum levels of flying by the third-party carriers, which could differ materially due to variable payments based on actual levels of flying and certain costs associated with operating flights such as fuel. 
    
  Contingencies 
    
  The Company is a party to routine litigation matters incidental to its business and with respect to which no material liability is expected. Management believes the ultimate disposition of these matters is not likely to materially affect the Company's financial position or results of operations. This forward-looking statement is based on management's current understanding of the relevant law and facts, and is subject to various contingencies, including the potential costs and risks associated with litigation and the actions of arbitrators, judges and juries. 
    
  On September 7, 2016, a private antitrust action captioned   Daniel Grace, et al., v. Alaska Air Group, Inc., et al.   was filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California, against the Company.  The complaint was subsequently amended by the plaintiffs on October 28, 2016 to, among other matters, add Virgin America Inc. as a defendant and modify the list of named plaintiffs. The plaintiffs, each of whom the complaint describes as air passengers, allege that the pending merger  
  
    15 

of Virgin America Inc. with the Company would violate Section 7 of the Clayton Antitrust Act (15 U.S.C.  18), as well as Section 1 of the Sherman Antitrust Act (15 U.S.C.  1).  The complaint seeks, among other matters, to preliminarily as well as permanently enjoin the pending merger, and also seeks attorneys  fees.  On October 19, 2016, the Court held a hearing on plaintiffs  motion for a preliminary injunction.  The Court did not rule at the hearing on whether to issue the preliminary injunction, but did subsequently issue an order requiring the defendants to provide the Court and the plaintiffs with at least seven calendar days  notice before consummating the merger, noting that any consummation of the merger would be subject to divestiture.  At the Court s direction, the parties have submitted to the Court a proposed pretrial and trial schedule assuming a December 2016 trial date.  The Company believes the allegations in this complaint are without merit and we intend to defend against them vigorously. 

NOTE 9. SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 
    
  Dividends 
    
  During the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , the Company declared and paid cash dividends of    $0.275   per share, or   $34 million  . During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , the Company declared and paid cash dividends of   $0.825   per share, or   $102 million  .  
    
  Common Stock Repurchase 
    
  In May 2014, the Board of Directors authorized a   $650 million   share repurchase program, which was completed in October 2015. In August 2015, the Board of Directors authorized a   $1 billion   share repurchase program, which was paused in the second quarter of 2016 in anticipation of the pending acquisition of Virgin America.  
  Share repurchase activity (in millions, except share amounts): 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss 
    
  Components of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax (in millions): 

16 

NOTE 10. OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION 
    
  Air Group has   two   operating airlines - Alaska and Horizon.  Each is a regulated airline with separate management teams. To manage the   two   operating airlines and the revenues and expenses associated with the CPAs, management views the business in   three   operating segments: 
  Alaska Mainline   - The Boeing 737 part of Alaska's business. 
  Alaska Regional   - Alaska's shorter distance network. In this segment, Alaska Regional records actual on board passenger revenue and costs such as fuel, distribution costs, and payments made to Horizon, SkyWest and PenAir for the capacity purchased under CPAs. Additionally, Alaska Regional includes an allocation of corporate overhead such as IT, finance and other administrative costs incurred by Alaska on behalf of the regional operations. 
  Horizon   - Horizon operates regional aircraft. All of Horizon's capacity is sold to Alaska under a CPA. Expenses include those typically borne by regional airlines such as crew costs, ownership costs, station handling costs, and maintenance costs. 
  
    17 

Additionally, the following table reports  Air Group adjusted,  which is not a measure determined in accordance with GAAP.  The Company's chief operating decision-makers and others in management use this measure to evaluate operational performance and determine resource allocations.  Adjustments are further explained below in a reconciliation to consolidated GAAP results.   
    
  Operating segment information is as follows (in millions): 

18 

19 

(a)   
    Includes consolidating entries, Parent Company, and other immaterial business units. 
               (b)   
    The adjusted column represents the financial information that is reviewed by management to assess performance of operations and determine capital allocations and does not include certain income and charges. 
               (c)   
    Includes mark-to-market fuel-hedge accounting charges, and other special items described previously. 
       
  Total assets were as follows (in millions): 

(a)   
    There are no assets associated with capacity purchase flying at Alaska. 

NOTE 11. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS 
    
  Subsequent to September 30, 2016, the Company obtained an additional   $100 million   of fixed rate secured debt financing in anticipation of the pending merger with Virgin America. The loan is secured by   three   737-900ER aircraft and matures in September of 2024. 
    
  On October 11, 2016 the Company deferred delivery of   four   737-MAX aircraft originally scheduled for delivery in 2017 and 2018. Concurrently, the Company exercised   five   options for 737-900ER aircraft to be delivered in 2018. 
    
  Effective October 1, 2016, the Company changed its accounting estimate for the expected useful life of certain operating aircraft and related parts from   20   years to   25   years. As the change in estimate will be applied prospectively, further required disclosures will be reflected in the 2016 Form 10-K.  

20 

ITEM 2.  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

OVERVIEW 
    
  The following Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (MD A) is intended to help the reader understand the Company, our segment operations and our present business environment.  MD A is provided as a supplement to   and should be read in conjunction with   our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes.  All statements in the following discussion that are not statements of historical information or descriptions of current accounting policy are forward-looking statements.  Please consider our forward-looking statements in light of the risks referred to in this report s introductory cautionary note, the risks mentioned in Item 1A. "Risk Factors  of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  , as well as other documents filed by Alaska Air Group with the SEC after the date thereof. This overview summarizes the MD A, which includes the following sections: 

Third   Quarter Review   highlights from the   third   quarter of   2016   outlining some of the major events that happened during the period and how they affected our financial performance. 

Results of Operations   an in-depth analysis of our revenues by segment and our expenses from a consolidated perspective for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  .  To the extent material to the understanding of segment profitability, we more fully describe the segment expenses per financial statement line item.  Financial and statistical data is also included here.  This section includes forward-looking statements regarding our view of the remainder of   2016  .  

Liquidity and Capital Resources   an overview of our financial position, analysis of cash flows, and relevant contractual obligations and commitments. 

THIRD   QUARTER REVIEW 
    
  Our consolidated pretax income was   $402 million   during the   third   quarter of   2016  , compared to   $437 million   in the   third   quarter of   2015  .  The decrease of   $35 million   was mainly due to  an increase in non-fuel expenses of   $104 million  , partially offset by   increased   revenues of   $51 million   and lower aircraft fuel expense of   $20 million  .  
    
  See    Results of Operations    below for further discussion of changes in revenues and operating expenses and our reconciliation of non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure. 
    
  Operations Performance 
    
  During the   third   quarter, both Alaska and Horizon continued their strong on-time performance, reporting that   89.2%   and   85.4%   of their flights arrived on time, respectively.  For the twelve months ended August 2016, Alaska maintained its ranking as the top carrier among the six largest U.S. airlines for on-time performance, according to the U.S. Department of Transportation. 
    
  New Markets 
    
  No new routes were launched in the third quarter. New routes announced were as follows: 

21 

Shareholder Return  
    
  During the   third   quarter of   2016  , we paid cash dividends of $34 million. In the second quarter we paused our share repurchases in anticipation of the pending acquisition of Virgin America. Since 2007, we have repurchased   59 million   shares of common stock under repurchase programs for   $1.5   billion at an average price of   $25.90   per share.  
    
  Outlook  
    
  On April 4, 2016, we announced plans to acquire Virgin America. If approved by regulators, the merger with Virgin America is expected to provide us broader national reach and position us as the go-to airline for people living on the West Coast. The combined airline will provide 1,200 daily departures to our customers, leveraging our strength in the Pacific Northwest with Virgin America's strength in California. We will also gain additional access to hard-to-come-by landing slots and constrained gates at destinations such as New York (JFK), San Francisco, and Los Angeles. We believe that combining our loyalty programs and networks will provide greater benefits for our customers and will expand our international partner portfolio giving our customers an even more expansive global reach. The larger platform for growth, along with the synergies the combined airline is expected to generate, will allow us to create greater value for our stakeholders. We have agreed to pay $57 per share, or approximately $2.6 billion in cash for the outstanding common stock of Virgin America. The Department of Justice (DOJ) is currently reviewing the transaction.  
    
  We expect our organic growth to continue in 2016, adding approximately 8.5% system-wide capacity for the full year. Over the past few years, we have seen competitive capacity increase significantly in our markets, especially in our hometown of Seattle. Current schedules indicate competitive capacity will be approximately 10% higher in the fourth quarter   2016  , and 9% higher in the first quarter of 2017.  
    
  Our current expectations for capacity and CASM excluding fuel and special items, and excluding the impact of the pending acquisition of Virgin America, are summarized below: 

RESULTS     OF OPERATIONS 

COMPARISON OF THREE MONTHS ENDED   SEPTEMBER 30, 2016   TO THREE MONTHS ENDED   SEPTEMBER 30, 2015    
    
  Our consolidated net income for the   third   quarter of   2016   was   $256 million  , or   $2.07   per diluted share, compared to net income of   $274 million  , or   $2.14   per diluted share, in the   third   quarter of   2015  .  

In the   third   quarter of   2016  , we recorded special items of   $22 million   for merger-related costs associated with our pending acquisition of Virgin America. 
       
  ADJUSTED (NON-GAAP) RESULTS AND     PER-SHARE AMOUNTS 
    
  Pursuant to Regulation G, we have provided reconciliations of reported non-GAAP financial measures to their most directly comparable financial measures reported on a GAAP basis. We believe that consideration of these non-GAAP financial measures may be important to investors for the following reasons: 

By eliminating fuel expense and certain special items from our unit metrics, we believe that we have better visibility into the results of operations and our non-fuel cost-reduction initiatives. Our industry is highly competitive and is characterized by high fixed costs, so even a small reduction in non-fuel operating costs can result in a significant  
     
    22 

improvement in operating results. In addition, we believe that all domestic carriers are similarly impacted by changes in jet fuel costs over the long run, so it is important for management (and thus investors) to understand the impact of (and trends in) company-specific cost drivers such as labor rates and productivity, airport costs, maintenance costs, etc., which are more controllable by management. 

Cost per ASM (CASM) excluding fuel and certain special items is one of the most important measures used by management and by the Air Group Board of Directors in assessing quarterly and annual cost performance. 

Adjusted income before income tax and CASM excluding fuel, and other special items, are important metrics for the employee incentive plan that covers all Alaska and Horizon employees. 

CASM excluding fuel and certain special items is a measure commonly used by industry analysts, and we believe it is the basis by which they compare our airlines to others in the industry. The measure is also the subject of frequent questions from investors. 

Disclosure of the individual impact of certain noted items provides investors the ability to measure and monitor performance both with and without these special items. We believe that disclosing the impact of certain items, such as mark-to-market hedging adjustments or merger-related costs, is important because it provides information on significant items that are not necessarily indicative of future performance. Industry analysts and investors consistently measure our performance without these items for better comparability between periods and among other airlines. 

Although we disclose our passenger unit revenues, we do not (nor are we able to) evaluate unit revenues excluding the impact that changes in fuel costs have had on ticket prices. Fuel expense represents a large percentage of our total operating expenses. Fluctuations in fuel prices often drive changes in unit revenues in the mid-to-long term. Although we believe it is useful to evaluate non-fuel unit costs for the reasons noted above, we would caution readers of these financial statements not to place undue reliance on unit costs excluding fuel as a measure or predictor of future profitability because of the significant impact of fuel costs on our business. 
       
  Although we are presenting these non-GAAP amounts for the reasons above, investors and other readers should not necessarily conclude these amounts are non-recurring, infrequent, or unusual in nature. 
    
  Excluding the impact of merger-related costs and mark-to-market fuel hedge adjustments, our adjusted consolidated net income for the   third   quarter of   2016   was   $272 million  , or   $2.20   per diluted share, compared to an adjusted consolidated net income of   $277 million  , or   $2.16   per diluted share, in the   third   quarter of   2015  . 

23 

Our operating costs per ASM are summarized below: 

24 

OPERATING STATISTICS SUMMARY (unaudited) 
  Below are operating statistics we use to measure operating performance.  We often refer to unit revenues and adjusted unit costs, which are non-GAAP measures.   

(a)   
    Except for FTEs, data includes information related to third-party regional capacity purchase flying arrangements. 
               (b)   
    See reconciliation of operating expenses excluding fuel and special items, and a reconciliation of economic fuel costs in the accompanying pages. 
               (c)   
    Data presented includes information related to flights operated by Horizon and third-party carriers.  

25 

OPERATING REVENUES 
    
  Total operating revenues   increased     $51 million  , or   3%  , during the   third   quarter of   2016   compared to the same period in   2015  . The changes are summarized in the following table: 

Passenger Revenue   Mainline 
    
  In the   third   quarter of   2016  , Mainline passenger revenue   increased   by   2%   due to a   7.6%     increase   in capacity, partially offset by a   4.0%   decline in unit revenue compared to the prior-year quarter,  due to increased competitive capacity and industry fare activity in the markets we serve. Unit revenues decreased due to a   5.8%   decline in ticket yield. Furthermore, the decline in fuel prices over the last year has contributed to lower ticket prices.  The   increase   in capacity was driven primarily by new routes and larger aircraft added to our fleet since the   third   quarter of   2015  .  
    
  Passenger Revenue   Regional 
    
  Regional passenger revenue   increase  d   4%   compared to the   third   quarter of   2015   due to a   12.4%     increase   in capacity, partially offset by a   7.5%     decrease   in PRASM.  The increase in capacity is due to an increase in departures, and average aircraft stage length as well as the annualization of new routes introduced over the past twelve months.  The   decrease   in PRASM is due to a   6.7%   decline in ticket yield, as well as a   decrease   in load factor of   0.7 points  . The decrease in yield is due to an increase in competitive capacity in our regional markets and our own growth as we strengthen our network utility in the Pacific Northwest, as well as an increase in the average trip length of our regional flights.  
    
  Other   Net 
    
  Other - net revenue   increased     $25 million  , or   13%  , from the   third   quarter of   2015  , primarily due to increases in Mileage Plan revenue. Mileage Plan revenue increased   $22 million  , or   26%  , due to increased miles sold and higher rates paid by our affinity credit card partner as a result of a contract extension which became effective January 1, 2016. Additionally, Mileage Plan revenue earned from our partner airlines increased when compared to the prior year.  
    
  OPERATING EXPENSES 
    
  Total operating expenses   increased     $84 million  , or   8%  , compared to the   third   quarter of   2015  .  We believe it is useful to summarize operating expenses as follows, which is consistent with the way expenses are reported internally and evaluated by management: 

Significant operating expense variances from   2015   are more fully described below. 

26 

Wages and Benefits 
    
  Wages and benefits   increased   during the   third   quarter of   2016   by   $28 million  . The primary components of wages and benefits are shown in the following table: 

Wages   increased     6%   with a   4.8%     increase   in FTEs.  The increase in wages is primarily attributable to increased FTEs to support the growth in our business, and an increase in the average wages per employee. 
    
  Medical and other benefits   increased     32%   compared to the same period in the prior year.  The increase is primarily due to an increase in the number of employees and high-cost medical claims. 
    
  Aircraft Fuel 
    
  Aircraft fuel expense includes both   raw fuel expense   (as defined below) plus the effect of mark-to-market adjustments to our fuel hedge portfolio included in our consolidated statement of operations as the value of that portfolio increases and decreases.  Our aircraft fuel expense can be volatile, because it includes these gains or losses in the value of the underlying instrument as crude oil prices and refining margins increase or decrease.    Raw fuel expense   is defined as the price that we generally pay at the airport, or the  into-plane  price, including taxes and fees.  Raw fuel prices are impacted by world oil prices and refining costs, which can vary by region in the U.S.    Raw fuel expense   approximates cash paid to suppliers and does not reflect the effect of our fuel hedges. 
    
  Aircraft fuel expense   decreased     $20 million  , or   8%   compared to   2015  .  The elements of the change are illustrated in the following table:  

Fuel expense was lower than in the   third   quarter of   2015   as the raw fuel price per gallon   decreased     13%   on a   6%     increase   in fuel gallons.  West Coast jet fuel prices are impacted by both the price of crude oil, as well as refining margins associated with the conversion of crude oil to jet fuel.  The decrease in raw fuel price per gallon during the   third   quarter of   2016   was due to   lower   crude oil prices of   4%   and a decrease in refining margins of   34%  , when compared to the prior year.  
    
  We also evaluate   economic fuel expense  , which we define as raw fuel expense adjusted for the cash we receive from, or pay to, hedge counterparties for hedges that settle during the period, and for the premium expense that we paid for those contracts.  A key difference between aircraft fuel expense and economic fuel expense is the timing of gain or loss recognition on our hedge portfolio.  When we refer to economic fuel expense, we include gains and losses only when they are realized for those contracts that were settled during the period based on their original contract terms.  We believe this is the best measure of the effect that fuel prices are currently having on our business because it most closely approximates the net cash outflow associated with  
  
    27 

purchasing fuel for our operations.  Accordingly, many industry analysts evaluate our results using this measure, and it is the basis for most internal management reporting and incentive pay plans. 
    
  We recognized   losses   of   $4 million   for hedges that settled during the   third   quarter of   2016  , compared to   losses   of   $5 million   in the   third   quarter of   2015  .  These amounts represent the net cash paid, including the premium expense recognized, for those hedges.  
    
  Contracted Services 
    
  Contracted services expense   increased     $9 million  , or   17%  , compared to the   third   quarter of   2015  . The increase is primarily due to increased flying at stations where we use vendors to assist us when compared to the   third   quarter of   2015  . Additionally, wage rates for our vendor employees have increased, in part due to higher minimum wage laws, in many locations we serve. We also had several IT and facilities projects during the third quarter that required contracted support.  
    
  Selling Expenses 
    
  Selling expenses   increased     $5 million  , or   9.4%  , compared to the   third   quarter of   2015  . The increase is attributable to increased advertising in the current quarter when compared to the prior year, as well as new sponsorships which became effective in the current quarter.    
    
  Depreciation and Amortization Expense 
    
  Depreciation and amortization expense   increased     $20 million  , or   25%  , compared to the   third   quarter of   2015  .  The increase is primarily due to the delivery of 20 owned aircraft in the fleet since   September 30, 2015  .  
    
  Third-party regional carrier expense    
    
  Third-party regional carrier expense, which represents payments made to SkyWest and PenAir under our CPA agreements,   increased     $5 million  , or   25%  , compared to the   third   quarter of   2015  . The increase is primarily due to more flying by SkyWest in the current quarter when compared to the prior year related to the addition of 10 E175 aircraft to our regional operations since   September 30, 2015  .  
    
  Other Operating Expenses 
    
  Other operating expenses   increased     $10 million  , or   12%  , compared to the   third   quarter of   2015  . The increase is primarily due to increases in property and other taxes, personnel costs for our flight crews, and an increase in fines and penalties.  
    
  Special Items 
    
  We recorded special items of $  22 million   for merger-related costs associated with our pending acquisition of Virgin America.  
    
  Additional Segment Information 
    
  Refer to the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for a detailed description of each segment.  Below is a summary of each segment's profitability.  
    
  Alaska Mainline 
    
  Pretax profit for Alaska Mainline was   $383 million   in the   third   quarter of   2016   compared to   $386 million   in the   third   quarter of   2015  .  Mainline passenger revenue increased   $16 million   which is described above.  Mainline operating expense excluding fuel increased by   $60 million   to   $727 million   in   2016   due to higher wages to support our growth, higher ramp and passenger handling associated with increased flying, higher depreciation due to our growing fleet, and higher selling expenses related to increased advertising. Economic fuel cost decreased due to lower raw fuel costs, partially offset by a   5.3%     increase   in consumption. 
    
  Alaska Regional 
    
  Pretax profit for Alaska Regional was   $35 million   in the   third   quarter of   2016   compared to   $45 million   in the   third   quarter of   2015  . The decrease in pretax profit was attributable to higher non-fuel operating expenses of   $21 million   in the current quarter  
  
    28 

to support additional departures, partially offset by a   $10 million     increase   in revenue and a   $1 million   decrease in fuel expense, when compared to the   third   quarter of   2015  . 
    
  Horizon 
    
  Pretax profit for Horizon was   $9 million   in the   third   quarter of   2016   compared to   $10 million   in the   third   quarter of   2015  .  CPA Revenues (  100%   of which are from Alaska and eliminated in consolidation) increased due to a higher CPA rate paid by Alaska. The   $6 million   increase in Horizon's non-fuel operating expenses was largely driven by higher medical costs due to an increased number of large medical claims. 

COMPARISON OF   NINE   MONTHS ENDED   SEPTEMBER 30, 2016   TO   NINE   MONTHS ENDED   SEPTEMBER 30, 2015    
    
  Our consolidated net income for the first   nine   months of   2016   was   $700 million  , or   $5.63   per diluted share, compared to net income of   $657 million  , or   $5.05   per diluted share in the first   nine   months of   2015  . Significant items impacting the comparability between the periods are as follows: 

In the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   we recorded special items of   $36 million   for merger-related costs associated with our pending acquisition of Virgin America. 
       
  ADJUSTED (NON-GAAP) RESULTS AND PER-SHARE AMOUNTS 
    
  Excluding the impact of merger-related costs and mark-to-market fuel hedge adjustments, our adjusted consolidated net income for the first   nine   months of   2016   was   $717 million  , or   $5.77   per diluted share, compared to an adjusted consolidated net income of   $656 million  , or   $5.04   per share, in the first   nine   months of   2015  . 

Our operating costs per ASM are summarized below: 

29 

OPERATING STATISTICS SUMMARY (unaudited) 
  Below are operating statistics we use to measure operating performance.  We often refer to unit revenues and adjusted unit costs, which are non-GAAP measures.   

(a)   
    Except for FTEs, data includes information related to third-party regional capacity purchase flying arrangements. 
               (b)   
    See reconciliation of operating expenses excluding fuel and special items, and a reconciliation of economic fuel costs in the accompanying pages. 
               (c)   
    Data presented includes information related to flights operated by Horizon and third-party carriers.  

30 

OPERATING REVENUES 
    
  Total operating revenues   increased     $186 million  , or   4%  , during the first   nine   months of   2016   compared to the same period in   2015  . The changes are summarized in the following table: 

Passenger Revenue   Mainline 
    
  Mainline passenger revenue for the first   nine   months of   2016     increased   by   2%   on a   9.8%     increase   in capacity partially offset by a   5.3%   decline in unit revenue compared to the prior-year period. Unit revenues decreased due to a   6.8%     decrease   in ticket yield as well as a   0.3-point     decrease   in load factor. The decrease in yields in the current year is due to increased competitive capacity and industry fare activity in the markets we serve, as well as our own growth. Additionally, the decline in fuel prices has contributed to lower ticket prices, while the decline in load factor was a result of increased capacity. The   increase   in capacity is driven by new routes added in the last twelve months and by replacing 737-400 aircraft with larger 737-900ER aircraft. 
    
  Passenger Revenue   Regional 
    
  Regional passenger revenue   increased   by   $44 million  , or   7%  , compared to the first   nine   months of   2015  , due to an   18.4%     increase   in capacity, partially offset by a   9.7%     decrease   in PRASM.  The   decrease   in PRASM was due to a decline in load factor of   1.8 points   and a   decrease   in ticket yield of   7.7%  .  The decline in yield is due to an increase in competitive capacity in our regional markets, our own growth as we strengthen our network utility in the Pacific Northwest, and an increase in average trip length. 
    
  Other   Net 
    
  Other - net revenue   increased     $84 million  , or   16%  , from the first   nine   months of   2015  . Mileage Plan revenue increased   $74 million  , due to an increase in miles sold, and higher rates paid by our affinity credit card partner as a result of a contract extension which became effective January 1, 2016.  
    
  OPERATING EXPENSES 
    
  Total operating expenses   increased     $121 million  , or   4%  , compared to the first   nine   months of   2015  , mostly as a result of higher non-fuel costs.  We believe it is useful to summarize operating expenses as follows, which is consistent with the way expenses are reported internally and evaluated by management: 

Significant operating expense variances from   2015   are more fully described below. 

31 

Wages and Benefits 
    
  Wages and benefits   increased   during the first   nine   months of   2016   by   $85 million  , or   9%  , compared to   2015  .  The primary components of wages and benefits are shown in the following table: 

Wages   increased     7%   on a   5.9%     increase   in FTEs.  The increase in wages is largely driven by the increased number of FTEs to support the growth in our business.  
    
  Defined contribution plans increased   9%  , due to the increased number of FTEs, higher employee participation rates when compared to the prior year, and increased contributions throughout all labor groups. 
    
  Medical and other benefits increased   22%   compared to the same period in the prior year.  The increase is due to an increase in medical claims with the growth in the number of employees and increasing medical costs.  
    
  We expect wages and benefits to increase for the full year due to continuing growth in FTEs to support additional aircraft in our fleet, and higher medical and other benefits. 
    
  Aircraft Fuel 
    
  Aircraft fuel expense   decreased     $148 million  , compared to   2015  .  The elements of the change are illustrated in the following table:  

The raw fuel price per gallon   decreased     25.4%   as a result of lower West Coast jet fuel prices. The decrease in raw fuel price per gallon during the first   nine   months of   2016   was due to decreases in refining margins of   44%  , and decreases in crude oil prices of   18%  . 
    
  Losses recognized for hedges that settled during the first   nine   months of the year were   $12 million   in   2016  , compared to   $15 million   in   2015  .  These amounts represent the cash paid for premium expense, offset by cash received from those hedges.  
    
  We currently expect our economic fuel price per gallon to be higher in the   fourth   quarter of   2016   compared to the   fourth   quarter of   2015   due to our current estimate of higher crude prices.  For the full year, we expect our economic fuel price per gallon to be lower than the prior year primarily due to lower refining margins, and lower crude oil prices . 

32 

Aircraft Maintenance 
    
  Aircraft maintenance   increased   by   $15 million  , or   8%  , compared to the prior-year period due to more engine maintenance events in the current year when compared to the prior year. Additionally, in the prior year we received vendor credits, which offset our expense, for certain engine maintenance events on the B737 fleet. 
    
  For the full year, we expect aircraft maintenance to be approximately 3-4% higher than 2015 due to additional aircraft in our fleet. 
    
  Landing Fees and Other Rentals 
    
  Landing fees and other rental expenses   increased     $15 million  , or   7%   when compared to the prior year, primarily due to increased flying in   2016  , as we increased capacity and entered new markets.  
    
  We expect landing fees and other rental expense to be approximately 6-7% higher in 2016 due to network expansion and entry to new markets.  
    
  Contracted Services 
    
  Contracted services expense   increased     $26 million  , or   17%  , compared to the first   nine   months of   2015  .  The increase is primarily due to increased flying at stations where we use vendors to assist us when compared to the prior year. Additionally, wage rates for our vendor employees have increased, in part, due to higher minimum wage laws in many locations we serve. We also had several IT and facilities projects during the current year that required contracted support.  
    
  For the full year, we expect contracted services to be higher than 2015, due to additional flying to more locations where we use vendors to assist us, higher minimum wage rates, and an increase in passenger volume. 
    
  Depreciation and Amortization Expense 
    
  Depreciation and amortization expense   increased     $45 million  , or   19%  , compared to the first   nine   months of   2015  .  The increase is primarily due to the addition of 20 owned aircraft in the fleet since   September 30, 2015  .  
    
  For the full year, we expect depreciation and amortization expense to be approximately 10-12% greater than in 2015 due to the aircraft added to our operating fleet in the current year. As discussed in Note 11, effective October 1, 2016, we changed the estimated useful lives of certain operating aircraft. The result of this change is not expected to be material to fourth-quarter or full-year results and is included in our unit cost guidance. 
    
  Food and Beverage Expense 
    
  Food and beverage expense   increased     $10 million  , or   12%  , compared to the first   nine   months of   2015  . The increase is due to the increased number of passengers, and upgrades to our onboard menu, offering higher quality food and beverage products.  
    
  For the full year, we expect food and beverage expense to be approximately 7-8% higher than 2015 due to higher quality food and beverage products and additional passengers. 
    
  Special Items 
    
  We recorded special items of $  36 million   for merger-related costs associated with our pending acquisition of Virgin America.  
    
  Additional Segment Information 
    
  Refer to the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for a detailed description of each segment. Below is a summary of each segment's profitability.  

33 

Alaska Mainline 
    
  Pretax profit for Alaska Mainline was   $1.1 billion   in the first   nine   months of   2016  , compared to   $944 million   in the same period in   2015  .  The   $59 million   increase in Mainline passenger revenue is described above.  Mainline operating expense excluding fuel increased by   $156 million   to approximately   $2.1 billion   in   2016   due to higher wages to support our network growth, higher ramp and passenger handling due to increased flying and higher wage rates at stations where we use vendors to assist us, and higher depreciation related to our fleet growth. Economic fuel cost decreased due to lower raw fuel costs, partially offset by a   7.4%     increase   in consumption. 
    
  Alaska Regional 
    
  Pretax profit for Alaska Regional was   $72 million   in the first   nine   months of   2016  , compared to   $82 million   in the first   nine   months of    2015  .  The decrease in pretax profit was attributable to higher non-fuel operating expenses of   $66 million   in the current year to support additional departures, partially offset by a   $45 million   increase in revenue and an   $11 million   decrease in fuel expense when compared to the prior year period. 
    
  Horizon 
    
  Pretax profit for Horizon was   $14 million   in the first   nine   months of   2016  , compared to pretax profit of   $24 million   in the same period in   2015  .  CPA Revenues (  100%   of which are from Alaska and eliminated in consolidation) increased due to additional capacity added in the last 12 months. The   $31 million   increase in Horizon's non-fuel operating expenses was largely driven by higher medical costs due to an increased number of large medical claims, increased volume of engine overhaul and heavy airframe work, and employee signing bonuses and overhead restructuring costs. 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
    
  Our primary sources of liquidity are: 

Our existing cash and marketable securities balance of $1.7 billion, excluding the $1.5 billion of funding obtained in anticipation of the pending merger with Virgin America, and our expected cash from operations;  

Our   50   unencumbered aircraft in our operating fleet as of September 30, 2016 that could be financed, if necessary; 

Our combined   $252 million   bank undrawn line-of-credit facilities, notwithstanding any covenant restrictions. 
        
  As of September 30, 2016 we had obtained approximately $1.5 billion of the financing needed to fund the acquisition, secured by 53 aircraft. Subsequent to September 30, 2016 the Company obtained an additional $100 million of fixed rate debt secured by three 737-900ER aircraft. As a result, we have fewer unencumbered aircraft in our operating fleet than in prior periods, which could affect our ability to obtain future financing.  
    
  During the first   nine   months of   2016  , we took free and clear delivery of 9 B737-900ER unencumbered aircraft and made debt payments totaling   $93 million  . In the current year, we continued to return capital to our shareholders by paying dividends totaling   $102 million  , and repurchasing   $193 million   of our common stock. Because of our strong balance sheet and financial performance, we are one of only three airlines in the U.S. with an investment grade credit rating.  
    
  In our cash and marketable securities portfolio, we invest only in securities that meet our overall investment policy of maintaining and securing investment principal.  Our investment portfolio is managed by reputable firms that adhere to our investment policy that sets forth certain objectives, approved and prohibited investments, and duration and credit quality guidelines.  Our policy and the portfolio managers are continually reviewed to ensure that the investments align with our strategy. 

34 

The table below presents the major indicators of financial condition and liquidity:  

(a)   
         Calculated using the present value of remaining aircraft lease payments for aircraft in our operating fleet as of the end of the period. 
               (b)   
    Cash balance includes approximately $1.5 billion of financing received in the current quarter which we intend to use to fund the pending acquisition of Virgin America. 
       
  The following discussion summarizes the primary drivers of the increase in our cash and marketable securities balance and our expectation of future cash requirements. 

ANALYSIS OF OUR CASH FLOWS 
    
  Cash Provided by Operating Activities 
    
  Net cash provided by operating activities was   $1.2 billion   for the first nine months of   2016   and   2015  . A decline in operating results primarily driven by an increase in non-fuel operating expenses, partially offset by higher revenues and lower fuel costs contributed to the   $23 million   decrease in operating cash flow when compared to the prior-year period.  
    
  We typically generate positive cash flows from operations and expect to use that cash flow to buy aircraft and capital equipment, make normal debt payments, and to return capital to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. We recently paused our share repurchase program as we are building cash for the pending Virgin America acquisition.  
    
  Cash Used in Investing Activities 
    
  Cash used in investing activities was   $641 million   during the first   nine   months of   2016  , compared to   $727 million   during the same period of   2015  .  Our capital expenditures were   $509 million   in the first   nine   months of   2016  , a decrease of   $159 million   compared to the same period in 2015. The decrease in cash used for capital expenditures in the current year is due to fewer pre-delivery deposits on aircraft made when compared to the prior year.  
    
  The table below reflects our full-year expectation for capital expenditures and additional expenditures if options are exercised. The amounts below include expenditures associated with the aircraft deferral and option exercises executed subsequent to   September 30, 2016   and discussed at Note 11. Options will be exercised only if we believe return on invested capital targets can be met. The table below excludes any associated capitalized interest. 

35 

Cash Provided by Financing Activities 
    
  Net cash provided by financing activities was   $1.2 billion   during the first   nine   months of   2016   compared to net cash used of   $521 million   during the same period in   2015  .  During the first   nine   months of   2016  , we obtained proceeds from issuance of debt related to the pending Virgin America merger of   $1.5 billion  , made debt payments of   $93 million  , stock repurchases of   $193 million  , dividend payments totaling   $102 million  , and received   $22 million   from other financing activities.  
    
  Bank Line-of-Credit Facilities 
    
  We have two   $100 million   credit facilities and a $52 million credit facility. Information about these facilities can be found in Note 6 in the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 1 of this Form 10-Q. We have no immediate plans to borrow using any of these facilities.  

CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS AND COMMITMENTS 
    
  Aircraft Purchase Commitments 
    
  As discussed in Note 11, subsequent to   September 30, 2016   the Company deferred the delivery of four 737-MAX aircraft with deliveries in 2017 and 2018, and exercised five 737-900ER options for delivery in 2018. Inclusive of those changes, we have firm orders to purchase   56   737 aircraft and   33   E175 aircraft. We also have options to acquire   41   B737 aircraft with deliveries from   2019    through   2024  ,   30   E175 aircraft with deliveries from 2019 to   2021  .  In addition, as of   September 30, 2016  , we have options in future periods to add regional capacity by having SkyWest operate up to   8   more E175 aircraft.  
    
  The following table summarizes expected fleet activity by year, inclusive of the changes discussed above: 

(a)   
    The expected fleet counts at December 31, 2016 and beyond are subject to change. 
                (c)   
    Aircraft are operated under capacity purchase agreements with Horizon or other regional airlines.  
       
  For future firm orders, and if we exercise our options for additional deliveries, we may finance the aircraft through internally generated cash, long-term debt, or lease arrangements. 

36 

Fuel Hedge Positions 
    
  All of our current oil positions are call options, which are designed to effectively cap the cost of the crude oil component of our jet fuel purchases.  With call options, we benefit from a decline in crude oil prices, as there is no cash outlay other than the premiums we pay to enter into the contracts. Our crude oil positions are as follows: 

Contractual Obligations 
    
  The following table provides a summary of our principal payments under current and long-term debt obligations, operating lease commitments, aircraft purchase commitments and other obligations as of   September 30, 2016  . Such commitments do not reflect the pending Virgin America acquisition, other than financing that was in place as of   September 30, 2016  , or the effect of the aircraft deferral and option exercises that occurred subsequent to   September 30, 2016  .    

(a)   
    Current and long-term debt obligations presented in the table above excludes debt issuance costs.  
               (b)   
    Operating lease commitments generally include aircraft operating leases (including those under capacity purchase agreements), airport property and hangar leases, office space, and other equipment leases.  
               (c)   
    For variable-rate debt, future obligations are shown above using interest rates in effect as of   September 30, 2016  . 
               (d)   
    Includes minimum obligations associated with third-party CPA provider SkyWest. Refer to the "Commitments" note in the condensed consolidated financial statements for further information. 
       
     Credit Card Agreements 
    
  We have agreements with a number of credit card companies to process the sale of tickets and other services.  Under these agreements, there are material adverse change clauses that, if triggered, could result in the credit card companies holding back a reserve from our credit card receivables.  Under one such agreement, we could be required to maintain a reserve if our credit rating is downgraded to, or below, a rating specified by the agreement or our cash and marketable securities balance falls below   $500 million  .  Under another such agreement, we could be required to maintain a reserve if our cash and marketable securities balance falls below   $500 million  .  We are not currently required to maintain any reserve under these agreements, but if we were, our financial position and liquidity could be materially harmed. 

37 

Deferred Income Taxes 
    
  For federal income tax purposes, the majority of our assets are fully depreciated over a seven-year life using an accelerated depreciation method or bonus depreciation, if available.  For financial reporting purposes, the majority of our assets are depreciated over 15 to 25 years to an estimated salvage value using the straight-line basis. This difference, along with other deferred liabilities and offset by deferred assets, have created a significant deferred tax liability.  At some point in the future the impact of depreciation will reverse, potentially resulting in an increase in income taxes paid.   
    
  Taxable income and cash taxes payable in the short term are impacted by many items, including the amount of book income generated (which can be volatile depending on revenue and fuel prices), availability of "bonus depreciation", and other legislative changes that are out of our control.  We believe that we have the liquidity to make our future tax payments.  

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
    
  There have been no material changes to our critical accounting estimates for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  . For information on our critical accounting estimates, see Item 7. "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
  
    38 

Glossary of Terms 
    
  Aircraft Utilization   - block hours per day; this represents the average number of hours our aircraft are flying 
    
  Aircraft Stage Length   - represents the average miles flown per aircraft departure 
    
  ASMs   - available seat miles, or  capacity  represents total seats available across the fleet multiplied by the number of miles flown 
    
  CASM   - operating costs per ASM, or "unit cost"; represents all operating expenses including fuel and special items 
    
  CASMex   - operating costs excluding fuel and special items per ASM; this metric is used to help track progress toward reduction of non-fuel operating costs since fuel is largely out of our control 
    
  Debt-to-capitalization ratio   - represents adjusted debt (long-term debt plus the present value of future operating lease payments) divided by total equity plus adjusted debt 
    
  Economic Fuel   - best estimate of the cash cost of fuel, net of the impact of our fuel-hedging program 
    
  Free Cash Flow   -   total operating cash flow generated less cash paid for capital expenditures (shown as Total property and equipment additions on the statement of cash flows) 
    
  Load Factor   - RPMs as a percentage of ASMs; represents the number of available seats that were filled with paying passengers 
    
  Mainline   - represents flying Boeing 737 jets and all associated revenues and costs 
    
  PRASM   - passenger revenue per ASM; commonly called  passenger unit revenue  
    
  Productivity   - number of revenue passengers per full-time equivalent employee 
    
  RASM   - operating revenue per ASMs, or "unit revenue"; operating revenue includes all passenger revenue, freight   mail, Mileage Plan, and other ancillary revenue; represents the average total revenue for flying one seat one mile 
    
  Regional   - represents capacity purchased by Alaska from Horizon, SkyWest, and PenAir.  In this segment, Alaska Regional records actual on-board passenger revenue, less costs such as fuel, distribution costs, and payments made to Horizon, SkyWest and PenAir under the respective capacity purchased arrangement (CPAs).  Additionally, Alaska Regional includes an allocation of corporate overhead such as IT, finance, other administrative costs incurred by Alaska and on behalf of Horizon 
    
  RPMs   - revenue passenger miles, or "traffic"; represents the number of seats that were filled with paying passengers; one passenger traveling one mile is one RPM 
    
  Yield   - passenger revenue per RPM; represents the average revenue for flying one passenger one mile 

ITEM 3.  QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURE ABOUT MARKET RISK 

There have been no material changes in market risk from the information provided in Item 7A.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 

ITEM 4.  CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , an evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer (collectively, our  certifying officers ), of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures.  These disclosure controls and procedures are designed to  
  
    39 

ensure that the information required to be disclosed by us in our periodic reports filed with or submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified by the SEC's rules and forms, and includes, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our certifying officers, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.  Our certifying officers concluded, based on their evaluation, that disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
    
  We made no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  , that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
    
  Our internal control over financial reporting is based on the 2013 framework in Internal Control   Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (the COSO Framework). 
  
    40 

PART II 

ITEM 1.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We are a party to routine litigation matters incidental to our business.  Management believes the ultimate disposition of these matters is not likely to materially affect our financial position or results of operations.  This forward-looking statement is based on management s current understanding of the relevant law and facts, and it is subject to various contingencies, including the potential costs and risks associated with litigation and the actions of judges and juries. 
    
  On September 7, 2016, a private antitrust action captioned   Daniel Grace, et al., v. Alaska Air Group, Inc., et al.   was filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California, against Alaska Air Group, Inc. and Alaska Airlines, Inc.  The complaint was subsequently amended by the plaintiffs on October 28, 2016 to, among other matters, add Virgin America Inc. as a defendant and modify the list of named plaintiffs. The plaintiffs, each of whom the complaint describes as air passengers, allege that the pending merger of Virgin America Inc. with a subsidiary of Alaska Air Group, Inc. would violate Section 7 of the Clayton Antitrust Act (15 U.S.C.  18), as well as Section 1 of the Sherman Antitrust Act (15 U.S.C.  1).  The complaint seeks, among other matters, to preliminarily as well as permanently enjoin the pending merger, and also seeks attorneys  fees.  On October 19, 2016, the Court held a hearing on plaintiffs  motion for a preliminary injunction.  The Court did not rule at the hearing on whether to issue the preliminary injunction, but did subsequently issue an order requiring the defendants to provide the Court and the plaintiffs with at least seven calendar days  notice before consummating the merger, noting that any consummation of the merger would be subject to divestiture.  At the Court s direction, the parties have submitted to the Court a proposed pretrial and trial schedule assuming a December 2016 trial date.  We believe the allegations in this complaint are without merit and we intend to defend against them vigorously. 

ITEM 1A.  RISK FACTORS 

There have been no material changes to the risk factors affecting our business, financial condition or future results from those set forth in Item 1A."Risk Factors  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   and in our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2016. However you should carefully consider the factors discussed in such section of our Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, which could materially affect our business, financial condition or future results. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and/or operating results.  
   
               ITEM 2.  UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 

None.  

ITEM 3.  DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 

None 

ITEM 4.  MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

None 

ITEM 5.  OTHER INFORMATION 

None 

41 

ITEM 6.  EXHIBITS 

The following documents are filed as part of this report: 
    
           1. 
    Exhibits:   See Exhibit Index. 

SIGNATURES 
    
  Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
    
                 ALASKA AIR GROUP, INC. 

/s/    CHRISTOPHER M. BERRY 
      
      Christopher M. Berry 
      
      Managing Director, Accounting and Controller 
      
      (Principal Accounting Officer) 

November 1, 2016 

42 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

43 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 alk10-q32016ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.1    
  CERTIFICATIONS  
  I, Bradley D. Tilden, certify that:  
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-Q of Alaska Air Group, Inc. for the period ended   September 30, 2016  ; 
       
           2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
       
           3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
       
           4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have: 
       
           a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
       
           b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
       
           c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
       
           d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
       
           e) 
    The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors: 
       
           a) 
    all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
       
           b) 
    any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
       
  November 1, 2016    
                 By 
    /s/ BRADLEY D. TILDEN 
        
    Bradley D. Tilden 
        
    Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 alk10-q32016ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.2  
  CERTIFICATIONS  
  I, Brandon S. Pedersen, certify that:  
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-Q of Alaska Air Group, Inc. for the period ended   September 30, 2016  ; 
       
           2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
       
           3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
       
           4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have: 
       
           a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
       
           b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
       
           c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
       
           d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
       
           5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors: 
       
           a) 
    all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
       
           b) 
    any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
       
  November 1, 2016    
                 By 
    /s/   BRANDON S. PEDERSEN 
        
    Brandon S. Pedersen 
        
    Executive Vice President/Finance and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 alk10-q32016ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 32.1    
    
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906  
  OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002    
    
  In connection with the Annual Report of Alaska Air Group, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended   September 30, 2016   as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Bradley D. Tilden, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:  
    
           (1) 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and  
       
           (2) 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.  
       
  November 1, 2016 
                 By 
    /s/   BRADLEY D. TILDEN 
        
    Bradley D. Tilden 
        
    Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 alk10-q32016ex322.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 32.2    
    
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906  
  OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002    
    
  In connection with the Annual Report of Alaska Air Group, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended   September 30, 2016   as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Brandon S. Pedersen, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:  
    
           (1) 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and  
       
           (2) 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.  
       
  November 1, 2016    
                 By 
    /s/   BRANDON S. PEDERSEN 
        
    Brandon S. Pedersen 
        
    Executive Vice President/Finance and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 alk-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 alk-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 alk-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 alk-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 alk-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 alk-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

