<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161202_10-K-A_edgar_data_1106645_0001477932-16-013913_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4567529</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>218557</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>288587</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>897618</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1861980</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1116854</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>124</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001477932-16-013913.hdr.sgml : 20161202
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161202161734
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001477932-16-013913
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K/A
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		81
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20151231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161202
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161202

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			DEBT RESOLVE INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001106645
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				330889197
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K/A
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33110
		FILM NUMBER:		162031365

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1133 WESTCHESTER AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE S-223
		CITY:			WHITE PLAINS
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10604
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9149495500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1133 WESTCHESTER AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE S-223
		CITY:			WHITE PLAINS
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10604

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	LOMBARDIA ACQUISITION CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000214

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001477932-16-013913.txt : 20161202

10-K/A
 1
 drsv_10ka.htm
 FORM 10-K/A
 
   drsv_10ka.htm         
  
        UNITED STATES      SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION      Washington, D.C. 20549             FORM   10-K/A           AMENDMENT NO. 1                    For the fiscal year ended   December 31, 2015              For the transition period from ____________ to ____________       Commission File No.:   001  -33110                  DEBT RESOLVE, INC.           (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)                 (914) 949-5500      (Registrant's telephone number, including area code)       Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:  None        Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:  None                 Title of Each Class            Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered           Common Stock, par value $.001 per share        None          Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes           No    x          Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes           No    x          Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes    x    No                 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes           No    x          Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (Sec. 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.    x          Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer", "accelerated filer" and "smaller reporting company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.               Large accelerated filer                   Accelerated filer                     Non-accelerated filer                   Smaller reporting company       x             Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12 b-2 of the Act). Yes           No    x          On June 30, 2015, the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value (based on the closing sales price on that date) of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant   was $1,550,532. Shares of common stock held by each current executive officer and director and by each person who is known by the registrant to own 10% or more of the outstanding common stock have been excluded from this computation in that such persons may be deemed to be affiliates of the registrant. This determination of affiliate status is not a conclusive determination for other purposes.       As of April 14, 2016, 104,612,082 shares of the registrant's Common Stock were outstanding.        Documents Incorporated by Reference:    None             
  
           EXPLANATORY NOTE          This Amendment No. 1 on Form 10-K/A (this  Amendment ) amends the Annual Report of Debt Resolve, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 14, 2016 (the  Original Filing ). This Amendment is being filed for the purpose of restating the Company s balance sheet to correct an accounting error in the classification of accounts receivable, as described in Note 17 to the financial statements. We have not updated the information contained herein for events occurring subsequent to April 14, 2016, the filing date of the Original Filing.         The following Items have been amended as a result of this restatement:                           Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations               Part IV, Item 15, Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules          During the preparation of its financial statements for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, the Company identified errors in the presentation of its accounts receivable reported as of December 31, 2015. Based on the Company s reassessment of relevant accounting guidelines, it has corrected the error and characterized a portion of accounts receivable as a long term asset, rather than a current asset. The effect of these adjustments is a reclassification of $2,508,573 of reported accounts receivable as a long term asset. There was no change to any other asset or liability accounts. There was no effect on the Statements of Stockholders  Deficiency, Operations or Cash Flows.           The following tables show the principal financial statement line items originally reported and restatement adjustments as of December 31, 2015:               The above accounts receivable is reported, net of an allowance for doubtful accounts of $600,000.         In connection with the     restatement, the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements for the three months ended March 31, 2016 and the three and six months ended June 30, 2016 and the related disclosures will be restated on Forms 10-Q/A for those respective periods.                     DEBT RESOLVE, INC.           TABLE OF CONTENTS                   PART I.                             Item 1.      Business          3          Item 1A.      Risk Factors         9         Item 1B.      Unresolved Staff Comments         13         Item 2.      Properties          13          Item 3.      Legal Proceedings          14          Item 4.      Mine Safety Disclosures          14                         PART II.                                 Item 5.      Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities         15         Item 6.      Selected Financial Data          16          Item 7.      Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations         16         Item 7A.      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk          21          Item 8.      Financial Statements and Supplementary Data          21          Item 9.      Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure          21          Item 9A.      Controls and Procedures          21          Item 9B.      Other Information           22                        PART III.                                 Item 10.      Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance          23          Item 11.      Executive Compensation          27          Item 12.      Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters          29          Item 13.      Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence          31          Item 14.      Principal Accountant Fees and Services          32          Item 15.      Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules         33               Signatures          35                Financial Statements          F-1                 PART I.           ITEM 1. Business           This report contains forward-looking statements regarding our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Words such as "expects," "anticipates," "intends," "plans," "believes," "seeks," "estimates" and similar expressions or variations of such words are intended to identify forward-looking statements, but are not the exclusive means of identifying forward-looking statements in this report. Additionally, statements concerning future matters such as the development or regulatory approval of new products, enhancements of existing products or technologies, revenue and expense levels and other statements regarding matters that are not historical are forward-looking statements.           Although forward-looking statements in this report reflect the good faith judgment of our management, such statements can only be based on facts and factors currently known by us. Consequently, forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties and actual results and outcomes may differ materially from the results and outcomes discussed in or anticipated by the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences in results and outcomes include without limitation those discussed under the heading "Risk Factors" below, as well as those discussed elsewhere in this report. Readers are urged not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this report. Except as required by federal securities laws, we undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements in order to reflect any event or circumstance that may arise after the date of this report. Readers are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made in this report, including under Item    1 A , " Risk Factors, "  which attempt to advise interested parties of the risks and factors that may affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.         Overview          Debt Resolve, Inc. is a Delaware corporation formed in April 1997. Our traditional business has been providing software solutions to consumer lenders or those collecting on consumer loans using a Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) model. These solutions facilitate web-based payments or the resolution of delinquent or defaulted consumer debt. We have marketed our services primarily to consumer banks, collection agencies, collection law firms and the buyers of defaulted debt in the United States. Other opportunities exist for marketing our software to hospitals and large physician groups. In addition, client results show that our solution is attractive for the collection of low balance debt, such as that held by utility companies and online service providers, where the cost of traditionally labor intensive collection efforts may exceed the value collected. We are pursuing these markets as well as our traditional markets.        In December 2015, the Company, jointly with LSH, LLC, organized Progress Advocates LLC, a Delaware limited liability company for the purpose to provide services in the Federal Student Loan document preparation industry with ownership interests of 51% and 49% for the Company and LSH, LLC, respectively. The financial results from this new company have had a positive impact on our consolidated financial reports, as further described in Item 7. This joint venture is the first implementation of one leg of our new corporate strategy described below.        Our Business Growth Strategy          Our business strategy significantly evolved during 2015 from a single goal of becoming an important participant in the ARM industry by making our Debt Resolve Solution a key collection tool at all stages of delinquency to diversifying into new industries that can leverage our core competencies and financial assets. The objective was   to diversify revenue sources through the use of our core competencies in e-commerce based debt collection and internet based product development.   The key elements of our business growth strategy are to:                             Develop Progress Advocates LLC into a profitable growth business    that is compliant and sustainable in an industry of changing regulations and operating conditions. Included in this development are industry leading practices; not requiring payment until the client receives their student loan consolidation benefit, technology integration, and consumer credit education and care. A key focus is to expand the marketing plan of external lead purchases with prospect self-identification through branded web properties and social media participation. Education programs will continue to be available to explain the government programs and terminology, help consumers with debt management, and where to go for other resources. The goal is to develop a customer relationship that benefits the consumer, develops brand awareness and encourages our inclusion in the consumer's social media world.                                         Leverage our technology and knowledge of consumer debt collection    to launch a new internet based product in the consumer to consumer debt resolution and collection space. This product, named Settl.it, was designed and development initiated in 2015. It underwent rigorous beta testing during 2015 and went live in September 2015. Settl.it will utilize our patented blind bidding system that we license and will be one of the first products available with online negotiations technology. Designed to be simple to understand, easy to use, but an effective collection tool, our goal is to make Settl.it an online leader in this industry. In addition, the product was designed to be enhanced at a future date to meet the needs of the small business marketplace.                                Enhance the Debt Resolve Solution    by integrating it with other services to become a total solution for the ARM market. The initial focus will be the health industry including hospitals and medical practices. Our solution will offer a single vendor revenue management system from day one billing through late stage collections. Our partners in this solution are experienced professionals with health industry experiences including billing, call center management, and all stages of bill collections. In each targeted industry, the marketing strategy will center on building a customer success story and leveraging that reference account with marketing materials, industry speaking engagements, and our partner's sales team to expand to similar industry accounts.                               Leverage our public equity financial structure    by purchasing equity interests in private companies that will benefit from the experience and skills of our management and consultants as well as from holding our publicly traded equity. For Debt Resolve, each purchase will aim to be accretive to earnings and leverage our assets with little additional expense. For our partners, our involvement is aimed to accelerate their growth and profitability. In combination with our equity structure, this will allow them to monetize their years of hard work building a private company. The Progress Advocates LLC joint venture was our first such investment. Our intent is to attract others that will be synergistic to our current portfolio and offer the benefits described above.             Business Growth Strategy Update        During the course of 2015, significant progress was made in the implementation of our new strategies. While individual setbacks were expected and did occur, each was addressed and positive momentum resumed for the respective strategy. The following is a brief review of the important progress achieved in each strategy:                             Develop Progress Advocates LLC (PA) into a profitable growth business    that is compliant and sustainable in an industry of changing regulations and operating conditions. After a two week test during December 2014, PA was launched in January 2015. This allowed PA to report its first operating income in June and maintain an operating income for 6 of the last 8 months of 2015. During 2015, important changes to the PA business model were implemented. In March, PA became the first student loan document preparation company to offer consumers a financing option for the payment of the PA fee. What for most industry participants is an initial fee plus a per month ongoing fee, now, with approved credit, became a low monthly payment that starts after the student loan consolidation benefit is received by the consumer. This new financing option provided clients with the additional benefit of creating a positive credit record experience that would improve their credit score. Rapid monthly growth followed the introduction of this new feature. However, with this rapid growth came customers of lower credit quality, many of whom did not pay the monthly financing fees after receiving the benefit derived from PA submitting the appropriate documentation that was accepted by DOE and led to a lower student loan payment. These defaults resulted in an increase of bad debt expenses and the addition of a provision for bad debt in 2015. In response, PA has worked with the financing company to improve underwriting criteria, offered a cash payment option to those denied credit, and is working on marketing programs to find more credit qualified prospects and encourage customer retention.                             Leverage our technology and knowledge of consumer debt collection to launch a new internet based product in the consumer to consumer debt resolution and collection space.    This new product launched under the name Settl.it (  www.settl.it  ) is currently available, but not being aggressively marketed. During 2015, after extensive beta testing, the payment processor supporting the critical immediate payment function within Settl.it, decided to withdraw its support of our product, deeming it to be a debt collection service and therefore not eligible to use their payment service. We disagreed with their assessment but were unable to have our position reviewed. An alternative payment processor has been implemented, resulting in significant delay to Settl.it's online availability. There was a silver lining to this delay, however, as field research found a bigger demand for a small business product with capabilities similar to the traditional Debt Resolve service and a user interface as easy to use as Settl.it. This new product, Settl.it Pro is currently under development. The cost of an expansive launch of Settl.it is currently unfeasible. Therefore, a targeted launch is underway focused on consumers looking for small claims courts alternatives and on State Small Claims Courts looking for a tool to offload some of the cost of face to face adjudication.                                      Enhance the Debt Resolve Solution by integrating it with other services to become a total solution for the ARM market.    As vast as the ARM market has become, this strategy has been narrowed to focus on the needs of hospitals and medical practices. During 2015, we have initiated discussions with other companies to create two products that will utilize the traditional Debt Resolve service as one component in an integrated offering. The first product will be used by Medical Practices and Hospitals looking to give patients unpaid accounts one last chance to pay. The one last chance will be a negotiated settlement offering using Debt resolve's patented double blind bidding technology. The second product will be a billing and collections system for a company financing patient receivables. Again, the Debt Resolve service will provide collection support throughout the life of the patient's loan, including negotiated delinquency collection. In addition to the above new offerings, the traditional Debt Resolve service has been enhanced with changes identified by current and new clients in 2015.                             Leverage our public equity financial structure by purchasing equity interests in private companies that will benefit from the experience and skills of our management and consultants as well as from holding our publicly traded equity.    As described in the discussion on Progress Advocates LLC above, 2015 was an important year to verify the efficacy of this strategy. The positive financial impact of Progress Advocates results on the Debt Resolve financials has reinforced the need to expand this strategy. During 2015, additional discussion and negotiations have taken place to accomplish this objective. Partnerships will be used to deploy new solutions and support current offerings in 2016.             Corporate      and   Background Information        We were incorporated as a Delaware corporation in April 1997 under our former name, Lombardia Acquisition Corp. On May 7, 2003, our certificate of incorporation was amended to change our corporate name to Debt Resolve, Inc.       Our principal executive offices are located at 1133 Westchester Ave., Suite S-223, White Plains, New York 10604, and our telephone number is (914) 949-5500. As of December 31, 2015, we had one operating subsidiary, Progress Advocates LLC. Our website is located at http://www.debtresolve.com. Information contained in our website is not part of this report.        Our Strengths          While our products often offer unique and exclusive features that are beneficial to our customers. Our strength is understanding the markets that we serve. In the Federal Student Loan document preparation space, we saw a need to overcome the complexity of the DOE programs, educate the consumer on the important features of each program, and eliminate the high upfront cost associated with the use of a third party preparer. Our financing option allows prospective customers to benefit from our services at a low monthly cost. An additional result of the financing option is the positive impact making payments has on the credit score of these low credit score customers. We also saw the need to match our receipt of payment to when the work is done for the customer. A common industry practice is to bill a fee prior to beginning the document preparation process and before the amount of the benefit is known. Our initial billing is designed to coincide with the customer's successful consolidation notification.        In the traditional Debt Resolve service space, the advantage is not having just a standalone debt collection product, but in having an integrated solution where the consumer decides which channel to be serviced through, which medium to be communicated through, and how to balance their financial resources with their financial obligations. During 2015, our offerings have changed to embrace these tenets. As described earlier, new offerings will further this evolution of the traditional Debt Resolve service with offerings for the large enterprise customer, small and medium businesses, and the consumer.       Lastly, we recognized the opportunity that we, as a publicly held company, could offer to small successful businesses that populate much of our industries. Partnering with Debt Resolve offers these companies the equity benefits of a publicly held company and an exit strategy that will be on their terms rather than those of an unknown buyer. Working together, their business will grow faster, utilizing the financial and senior management skills available from debt Resolve. The attractiveness of these potential benefits were validated in 2015 by the companies that are currently in partnership discussions with us.                 Our Industry         Debt Collections Industry          According to the U.S. Federal Reserve Board, consumer credit has increased from $133.7 billion in 1970 to $3,543.9 billion in January 2016, a compound annual growth rate of approximately 7.3% for the period. In parallel, the accounts receivables management ("ARM") industry accounts for $15 billion in annual revenues according to industry analyst Kaulkin Ginsberg.       There are several major collection industry trends:                            Profit margins are stagnating or declining due to the fixed costs of telephone-based collections. In addition, periods when the economy is weak means more delinquencies to collect but a higher inability on the part of debtors to pay. Thus, costs increase to generate the same level of revenue. The ACA International's 2012 Benchmarking   Agency Operations Survey shows that more than 50% of the operating costs are directly related to the cost of the collections agents, making the business difficult to scale using traditional staffing and collections methods.                              Small to mid-size agencies will need to offer competitive pricing and more services to compete with larger agencies, as well as focus on niche areas that require specialized expertise.                              Off-shoring has been used by both creditors and third-party collectors, but their results were less than expected due to cultural differences.                              Debt buyers may start collecting more debt themselves while agencies may start buying more debt, creating more competitiveness within the ARM industry.          The collection industry has always been driven by letters and agent calls to debtors. In the early 1990's, dialer technology created an improvement in calling efficiency. However, it was not until the early 2000's that any new technologies were introduced. These new technologies include analytics, Interactive Voice Response systems (IVR) and Internet-based collections. Of these, IVR systems and Internet-based collections have the ability to positively impact the cost-to-collect by reducing agent involvement, while analytics focus agent time on the accounts with the highest potential to collect.        Federal Student Loan Document Preparation Industry        In 1992, President H.W. Bush signed the first bill authorizing U.S. government backed student loans. The William D. Ford Federal Direct loan Program, in 2007, was the beginning of Department of Education involvement in the issuance of student loans directly to students. Then, in 2010, President Obama signed the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act (HCERA), beginning government programs aimed at reducing the cost and burden of these Federal Direct Student Loan repayment for new graduates. Subsequently, in 2012 and 2015, President Obama signed Executive orders to expand these programs to all Federal Direct Student Loan borrowers who have graduated from 2007 to present. While there are three separate programs, they all fall into the categories of Income Based Repayment Plans, known as 'Pay as you Earn' and 'Student Loan Forgiveness'.        Companies in this industry, 1) advise the clients on the availability and details of each program, 2) determine an initial estimate of the loan modification and subsequent cost savings available for the client, 3) with input from the clients, prepare the documentation for submission to the U. S. Department of Education (DOE), 4) with client approval, submit the documentation to DOE on the client's behalf. Based on the data provided, DOE responds with an offer of loan consolidation or modification directly to the client. For the work processed on behalf of the client, companies charge a fee.                While many companies in the industry end their services upon submission, others offer to monitor the clients account for delinquency and work with clients on the required annual renewal submissions to DOE. One mistake removes the client from the DOE program and restores the client's higher student loan payment requirement. For these services, an additional small fee is usually paid.          The opportunity within this industry is significant. As of 2015, over 20 million students per year were graduating with student loan debt, both Federal and private. Since the 2010 HCERA, government subsidies for private loans has ended and the majority of student loans are Federal. The gravity of the student loan burden is reflected in this data: DOE states that as of FY 2015 Q3, there is $98 billion in Federal Loans in default (unpaid for over 270 days), which represents 7 million borrowers. The DOE programs are complicated and many consumers have difficulties selecting the correct program and completing the appropriate documentation without assistance. In addition, the first line of support to these consumers should be the DOE approved Student Loan Processors, who are paid on how much they collect. However, student loan processors have not done a good job in providing this assistance, perhaps because of the dilemma they face. If they help the consumer reduce their student loan payments, they reduce their collections and revenues. Much like the tax preparation industry, where everybody can do their own tax forms but don't, complicated government forms and programs have created a need for the Federal Student Loan document preparation services.        Technology License and Proprietary Technology          At the core of our Debt Resolve Solution and Settl.it online product is a patent-protected bidding methodology co-invented by the co-founders of our company. We originally entered into a license agreement in February 2003 with the co-founders for the licensed usage of the intellectual property rights relating to U.S. Patent No. 6,330,551, issued by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office on December 11, 2001 for "Computerized Dispute and Resolution System and Method" worldwide. This patent, which expires August 5, 2018, covers automated and online, double blind-bid systems that generate high-speed settlements by matching offers and demands in rounds. Four subsequent patents have been issued and form a five patent "cluster" underpinning our license agreement. In June 2005, we amended and restated the license agreement in its entirety. The license agreement can be found in our SEC filings.       The licensed usage is limited to the creation of software and other code enabling an automated system used solely for the settlement and collection of delinquent, defaulted and other types of credit card receivables and other consumer debt and specifically excludes the settlement and collection of insurance claims, tax and other municipal fees of all types. The licensed usage also includes the creation, distribution and sale of software products or solutions for the same aim as above and with the same exclusions. In lieu of cash royalty fees, the co-founders have agreed to accept stock options to purchase shares of our common stock.       The term of the license agreement extends until the expiration of the last-to-expire patents licensed (now 5 patents) and is not terminable by the co-founders, the licensors. The license agreement also provides that we will have the right to control the ability to enforce the patent rights licensed to us against infringers and defend against any third-party infringement actions brought with respect to the patent rights licensed to us subject, in the case of pleadings and settlements, to the reasonable consent of the co-founders. The terms of the license agreement, including the exercise price and number of stock options granted under the agreement, were negotiated in an arm's-length transaction between the co-founders, on the one hand, and our independent directors, on the other hand.        Technology and Service Providers          We outsource our web hosting to CyrusOne LLC, a Tier 1 data center providing our security in a SSAE 16 and PCI certified environment. The CyrusOne hosting facility is located in Wappingers Falls, New York. We use CyrusOne's servers to operate our proprietary software developed in our corporate offices.                 Competition          Internet-based technology was introduced to the collections industry in 2004 and has many participants at this time. The original three were us, Apollo Enterprise Solutions, LTD. and Online Resources Corp. A large number of collection agency software providers now offer an internet payment portal included with their software.          There are many new competitors entering the online collections market at this time. We are very closely monitoring their functionality to prevent an infringement of our patented settlement engine. Several cease and desist letters were sent in 2012 and 2014 to potential infringers to stop using technology that appears to use our protected process, and we will vigorously enforce our rights to protect our technology.        The Federal Student Loan document preparation industry is comprised of numerous small companies. Due to the relative newness of the industry, little data is available on the economics of participation. What is known is the cost of entry into the market is low, but the cost of compliance and adherence to regulatory guidelines is significant. This may explain the churn of small competitors into and out of the business. Those who decide to keep their costs low by ignoring regulators, do so at their own risk. State Attorneys General are keenly aware of some abuses in this industry and have taken action against the offending competitors.         Government Regulation          We believe that our traditional Internet technology business is not subject to any regulations by governmental agencies other than those routinely imposed on corporate and Internet technology businesses. We believe it is unlikely that state or foreign regulators would take the position that our solutions effectively constitute the collection of debts that is subject to licensing and other laws regulating the activities of collection agencies, as we have no client funds in our custody at any time. We simply provide a software suite that our clients use to conduct their business.       Also, as we move into the healthcare space, our healthcare clients must require us to include in their contracts with us that we meet the data protection provisions of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act. This law is designed to ensure that patient care data is not personally identifiable in the event of a breach of our solutions. Again, this type of information is very susceptible to misuse in the commission of identity theft. We believe we have adequate policies and procedures in place to protect this information.       Our joint-venture, Progress Advocates LLC, operates within the sphere of influence of the U.S. Department of Education and could be impacted by any ensuing regulatory change. In addition, the laws under which DOE issues student loans and subsequent loan modification and forgiveness could be subject to new laws or Presidential orders.         Employees          As of April 14, 2016, we had three full-time employees and one independent contractor. Our employees and contractor are based at our corporate headquarters in White Plains, New York. None of our employees is subject to a collective bargaining agreement, and we believe that our relations with our employees and contractor are good.                 ITEM 1A. Risk Factors           Cautionary Statements and Risk Factors           Set forth below and elsewhere in this    report  and in other documents we file with the SEC are important risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results of operations, business and financial condition to differ materially from the results contemplated by the forward looking statements contained in this  report .         Risks Related to Our Business            We have experienced significant and continuing losses from operations which could impede the process of raising capital.           For the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, we had inadequate revenues and incurred net loss attributable to Debt Resolve, Inc. of $778,427 and $809,112, respectively. Cash used in operating activities for operations was $1,063,783 and $941,607 for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. Based upon projected operating expenses, we believe that our working capital as of April 14, 2016 may not be sufficient to fund our plan of operations for the next 12 months. While the execution of our new strategy and new businesses may mitigate this concern, any continued net operating losses increase the difficulty in meeting such goals and there can be no assurances that we will prove successful.       We need to raise additional capital in order to be able to accomplish our business plan objectives. We have historically satisfied our capital needs primarily from the sale of debt and equity securities. We are continuing our efforts to secure additional funds through debt and/or equity instruments. The principal sources of capital for us are private individual accredited investors and investment banks specializing in raising capital for micro-cap companies like us. Since 2009, the principal source of funding for us has been these private accredited investors, who have invested in notes (including convertible notes) and in stock purchases. Finally, board members and management have loaned us $1,183,782 that has not been repaid or some may be converted to stock and has provided either short term or longer term capital to us. These totals do not include other short term loans principally from non-affiliated third parties that were loaned to us and repaid since 2009.       We have raised capital for our day-to-day operations since our inception in January 2003; however, no assurance can be provided that we will continue to be able to do so. There is no assurance that any funds secured will be sufficient to enable us to attain profitable operations or continue as a going concern. To the extent that we are unsuccessful, we may need to curtail our operations and implement a plan to extend payables and reduce overhead until sufficient additional capital is raised to support further operations. At any time until substantial capital is raised, there is also a significant risk of bankruptcy. There can be no assurance that any plan to raise additional funding will be successful. The financial statements contained in this filing do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.         We may rely heavily on the financial success of Progress Advocates LLC.         Going forward, we expect a large part of our revenue to come from our new subsidiary, Progress Advocates LLC. This business operates in an entirely new market segment for us. We have no prior experience in the student loan debt sector, although our business partner does have experience in this sector. We are relying heavily on their expertise, systems and guidance to manage this new business. As a result, there is substantial risk to this endeavor until adequate revenue is established for it to be profitable.       The business plan for Progress Advocates LLC requires an investment in marketing to provide the leads required to sustain anticipated sales transactions and revenue. Each month the marketing investment must be spent at the beginning of the month to generate revenues during the rest of the month. Funds may not be available to spend at these levels, potentially reducing the anticipated sales and revenues. In addition, the full recourse loan portfolio created by the financing payment option has no historical experience to indicate what the future default rate may be. A high level of client defaults may not be adequately covered by the loan portfolio reserve account and the current provision for bad debt.         As discussed earlier in "Our Business Growth Strategy" section, additional joint venture businesses will be created to mitigate the financial impact on the Company from these potential issues.                 We may not be able to protect the intellectual property rights upon which our business relies, including our licensed patents, trademarks, domain name, proprietary technology and confidential information, which could result in our inability to utilize our technology platform, licensed patents or domain name, without which we may not be able to provide our services.           Our ability to compete in our traditional debt collection sector depends in part upon the strength of our proprietary rights in our technologies. We consider our intellectual property to be critical to our viability. We do not hold patents on our consumer debt-related product, but rather license technology for our Debt Resolve solution from the co-founders of our company, whose patented technology is now, and is anticipated to continue to be, incorporated into our service offerings as a key component.       Unauthorized use by others of our proprietary technology could result in an increase in competing products and a reduction in our sales. We rely on patent, trademark, trade secret and copyright laws to protect our licensed and proprietary technology and other intellectual property. We cannot be certain, however, that the steps that we have taken to protect our proprietary rights to date will provide meaningful protection from unauthorized use by others. We have initiated litigation and could pursue additional litigation in the future to enforce our intellectual property rights, to protect our trade secrets or to determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others.       However, we may not prevail in these efforts, and we could incur substantial expenditures and divert valuable resources in the process. In addition, many foreign countries' laws may not protect us from improper use of our proprietary technologies. Consequently, we may not have adequate remedies if our proprietary rights are breached or our trade secrets are disclosed.       Finally, protection of our intellectual property through legal means is very expensive. We may not have the funds available to enforce our rights, which would allow other parties to violate these rights. Our efforts to protect our intellectual property will consume capital that would otherwise go to sales, marketing and operations and may negatively impact our financial performance in the short term. We believe that it is critical to our long term success to allocate resources to these activities from time to time.         Potential conflicts of interest exist with respect to the intellectual property rights that we license from our co-founders, and it is possible our interests and their interests may diverge.         We do not hold patents on our consumer debt-related product, but rather license technology for our Debt Resolve Solution and our Settl.it product from the co-founders of our company, whose patented technology is now, and is anticipated to continue to be, incorporated into the Debt Resolve Solution as a key component. This license agreement presents the possibility of a conflict of interest in the event that issues arise with respect to the licensed intellectual property rights, including the prosecution or defense of intellectual property infringement actions, where our interests may diverge from those of the co-founders. The license agreement provides that we will have the right to control and defend or prosecute, as the case may require, the patent rights licensed to us subject, in the case of pleadings and settlements, to the reasonable consent of the co-founders. Our interests with respect to such pleadings and settlements may be at odds with those of the co-founders.       Under the terms of our license agreement, the co-founders of our company will be entitled to receive stock options to purchase shares of our common stock if and to the extent the licensed technology produces specific levels of revenue for us. They will not be entitled to receive any stock options for other debt collection activities such as off-line settlements or transactions not involving the Debt Resolve Solution technology. The license agreement may present the co-founders with conflicts of interest.                  Our auditors have issued a Going Concern Statement.         The accompanying financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. As shown in the accompanying consolidated financial statements, we incurred a net loss attributable to Debt Resolve, Inc. of $778,427 and $809,112 for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. Additionally, we have negative working capital (total current liabilities exceeded total current assets) of   $10,313,663  as of December 31, 2015. These factors among others raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.      We has undertaken further steps as part of a plan to improve operations with the goal of sustaining our operations for the next twelve months and beyond to address its lack of liquidity by raising additional funds, either in the form of debt or equity or some combination thereof. However, there can be no assurance that we can successfully accomplish these steps and/or business plans, and it is uncertain that we will achieve a profitable level of operations and be able to obtain additional financing.       Our continued existence is dependent upon management's ability to develop profitable operations and resolve its liquidity problems. The accompanying consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of asset carrying amounts or the amount and classification of liabilities that might result should we be unable to continue as a going concern.          We have issued preferred stock convertible to common stock that may have the effect of diluting then current stockholder interests and impairing their voting rights, and provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law could discourage a takeover that stockholders may consider favorable.         Our certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock with designations, rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by our board of directors. Accordingly, our board of directors is empowered, without stockholder approval, to issue a series of preferred stock with dividend, liquidation, conversion, voting or other rights which could dilute the interests of, or impair the voting power of, our common stockholders.       On May 2, 2014, our board of directors designated 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock as Series A Convertible Stock ("Series A") with a $0.001 par value. The Series A preferred stock ranks senior to common stock and all other preferred stock, and equal or junior to any preferred stock that may be issued in regard to liquidation; is not entitled to dividends and is convertible, at the holders' option, at 10 shares of common stock for each share of Series A preferred stock. On July 2, 2015, we issued 47,500 shares of Series A preferred stock for services rendered. In 2014, we issued an aggregate of 414,500 warrants to purchase Series A preferred stock for services rendered and a debt obligation, with exercise prices ranging from $0.50 to $1.50 per share, expiring three years from the date of issuance. In 2015, we issued an aggregate of 705,000 warrants to purchase Series A preferred stock for services rendered , with exercise prices ranging from $0.50 to $1.50 per share, expiring three years from the date of issuance.       In connection with entering into the Progress Advocates LLC joint venture with LSH, LLC, we issued to LSH, LLC two five-year warrants to purchase an aggregate of 1,500,000 shares of Series A convertible preferred stock at an exercise price of $0.50 per share. The first warrant for 1,000,000 shares preferred stock vests and becomes exercisable 25% upon issuance and the balance upon the achievement by Progress Advocates of specific increasing revenue goals. As of December 30, 2015, these revenue goals have been achieved and these warrants have vested. The second warrant for 500,000 shares of preferred stock vests and becomes exercisable when Progress Advocates achieves at least $1,000,000 in cumulative "operating income." A third five year warrant to purchase 500,000 shares of Series A preferred stock was issued in October 2015 based upon Progress Advocates achievement of six months of positive operating income.                The issuance of a series of preferred stock could be used as a method of discouraging, delaying or preventing a change in control. For example, it would be possible for our board of directors to issue preferred stock with voting or other rights or preferences that could impede the success of any attempt to change control of our company. In addition, advanced notice is required prior to stockholder proposals.       Delaware law also could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us. Specifically, Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law may have an anti-takeover effect with respect to transactions not approved in advance by our board of directors, including discouraging attempts that might result in a premium over the market price for the shares of common stock held by our stockholders.        Risks Related to Our Industry            The ability of our solution's clients to recover and enforce defaulted consumer debt may be limited under federal, state, local and foreign laws, which would negatively impact our revenues.           Federal, state, local and foreign laws may limit our creditor clients' ability to recover and enforce defaulted consumer debt. Additional consumer protection and privacy protection laws may be enacted that would impose additional requirements on the enforcement and collection of consumer debt. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau is actively looking at the debt collection industry for new regulation. Any new laws, rules or regulations that may be adopted, as well as existing consumer protection and privacy protection laws, may adversely affect our ability to settle defaulted consumer debt accounts on behalf of our clients and could result in decreased revenues to us. We cannot predict if or how any future legislation would impact our business or our clients. In addition, we cannot predict how foreign laws will impact our ability to expand our business internationally or the cost of such expansion. Our failure to comply with any current or future applicable laws or regulations could limit our ability to settle defaulted consumer debt claims on behalf of our clients, which could adversely affect our revenues.       Changes in Federal laws and regulations may limit Progress Advocates LLC's ability to offer document preparation services for the modification and consolidation of U.S. student loans. We cannot predict if the current government programs allowing these modifications will continue to be offered by the U.S. Department of Education in similar form or substance to the current offering upon which Progress Advocates offers its services.          Government regulation and legal uncertainties regarding the Internet may require us to incur significant expenses in complying with any new regulations.           The laws and regulations applicable to the Internet and our services are evolving and unclear and could damage our business. Due to the increasing popularity and use of the Internet, it is possible that laws and regulations may be adopted, covering issues such as user privacy, pricing, taxation, content regulation, quality of products and services, and intellectual property ownership and infringement. This legislation could expose us to substantial liability or require us to incur significant expenses in complying with any new regulations. Increased regulation or the imposition of access fees could substantially increase the costs of communicating on the Internet, potentially decreasing the demand for our services. A number of proposals have been made at the federal, state and local level and in foreign countries that would impose additional taxes on the sale of goods and services over the Internet. Such proposals, if adopted, could adversely affect us. Moreover, the applicability to the Internet of existing laws governing issues such as personal privacy is uncertain. We may be subject to claims that our services violate such laws. Any new legislation or regulation in the United States or abroad or the application of existing laws and regulations to the Internet could adversely affect our business.         Compliance with changing regulation of corporate governance and public disclosure may result in additional expenses, which as a smaller public company may be disproportionately high.           Changing laws, regulations and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure are creating uncertainty for small capitalization companies like us. These new and changing laws, regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations in many cases due to their lack of specificity, and as a result, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance is provided by regulatory and governing bodies, which could result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and higher costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to disclosure and governance practices. As a result, our efforts to comply with evolving laws, regulations and standards will likely result in increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management time and attention from revenue-generating activities to compliance activities.                  A poor performance by the economy may adversely impact our business.           When economic conditions deteriorated, more borrowers became delinquent on their consumer debt. However, while volumes of debt to settle have risen, borrowers have less ability in a downturn to make payment arrangements to pay their delinquent or defaulted debt. As a result, our revenues may decline, or it may be more costly to generate the same revenue levels, resulting in reduced earnings. A poor economy may also slow borrowing or may curb lenders willingness to provide credit, which results in lower business levels.        Risks Related to our Common Stock            Our stock is thinly traded.           The daily volume in our stock varies widely and is often limited. At this time, it is not possible to liquidate a significant position in a relatively short time period. In addition, because we are not traded on a national exchange, there are additional restrictions on the purchase or sale of our common stock. It has become increasingly difficult to find a brokerage firm willing to accept over-the-counter stock certificates due to new Financial Industry Regulatory Authority regulations.         Our stock price may exhibit a high degree of volatility.           Because our stock is traded with relatively low volume, the price can move significantly on small trading volumes. The release of positive news would be expected to move our stock price up, but we have large illiquid blocks discussed above that sell into any upward momentum. These blocks exert a downward influence or may place a temporary or long-term cap on our stock price appreciation. Over time, we would expect these blocks to be broadly sold into the market, increasing our shareholder base and trading volume and mitigating the effect of these blocks over time. While we currently do not provide sales or earnings guidance as some larger companies do, we may do so in the future, and our stock price reaction may be volatile depending on our revenue and earnings performance relative to the guidance.         All of our assets are subject to liens as security for delinquent federal payroll taxes and indebtedness under our series D convertible notes.         All of our assets now owned or hereafter acquired, and all proceeds therefrom, including accounts receivable and technology, are subject to liens in favor of the Internal Revenue Service for delinquent payroll taxes from 2011-2013 (see Note 13 to our Notes to Financial Statements), and certain investors who purchased our series D convertible notes (see Note 9 to our Notes to Financial Statements). While we are not currently in default under either of these obligations, our failure to comply with the terms of these obligations (which, for example, require monthly payments to the IRS) could entitle the IRS to declare all obligations to be immediately due and payable. If we were unable to service the obligations, the lien holders could foreclose on the assets that serve as collateral. As a result, following an event of default under these obligations and enforcement against the collateral, the lien holders will be entitled to be repaid in full from the proceeds of all the pledged assets owned by us now or hereafter acquired securing the obligations owed to them before any payment is made to the holders of our common stock from the proceeds of that collateral. Additionally, the holders of the liens will receive all proceeds from any realization on the collateral or from the collateral or proceeds thereof in any insolvency proceeding, until the obligations secured by the liens are paid in full.         ITEM 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments          Not applicable        ITEM 2. Properties          We currently occupy office space at 1133 Westchester Avenue, Suite S-223, White Plains, NY 10604, under a short term lease with an unaffiliated third party at a monthly rate of $3,500.                 ITEM 3. Legal Proceedings           Lawsuits from Noteholders        On July 20, 2015, the Company received a complaint concerning a promissory note dated December 21, 2007 that matured on June 21, 2009. The Company does not anticipate any liability under the now extinguished note based on defenses which have been presented in the course of this action.          Lawsuits from vendors          From time to time, we are involved in various litigation matters in the ordinary course of business. In the opinion of management, the ultimate disposition of these matters will not have a material adverse effect on our financial position or results of operations. There are currently no lawsuits from vendors.        New York State Attorney General Subpoena        In December 2015, the Company and Progress Advocates, its majority owned subsidiary, received a subpoena requesting documents regarding the operations of Progress Advocates. It is our understanding that this request was one of several requests sent to companies operating in the Federal Student Loan document preparation space in New York State. We have provided the requested information, both from Progress Advocates and its vendors. We are confident that our compliance with payments aligned to the consumer's receipt of benefit and our responsible marketing will be accurately demonstrated in the information provided.         ITEM 4. Mine Safety Disclosures          Not applicable                 PART II.           ITEM 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities           Market Information          Our shares of common stock are quoted on the OTC Pink marketplace under the symbol DRSV.       The following table sets forth the high and low closing prices for our common stock for the periods indicated as reported on the OTC Pink marketplace from January 1, 2014 to present:            As of April 14, 2016, there were approximately 2,000 record holders of our common stock. We believe that a significant number of beneficial owners of our common stock hold shares in "nominee" or "street" name.        Dividends          We have not paid to date, nor do we expect to pay in the future, a dividend on our common stock. The payment of dividends on our common stock is within the discretion of our board of directors, subject to our certificate of incorporation. We intend to retain any earnings for use in our operations and the expansion of our business. Payment of dividends in the future will depend on our future earnings, future capital needs and our operating and financial condition, among other factors.        Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities              None        Purchases of Equity Securities          We did not repurchase any shares of our common stock in the fourth quarter of the year ended December 31, 2015.                 ITEM 6. Selected Financial Data          Not applicable        ITEM 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations           The following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and related notes included in this report. This discussion includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. As a result of many factors, our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements.           Overview            In 2015, our Company made substantial improvements in our financial performance. For the first time in its history, the Company posted a quarterly operating income, in both the second and third quarters of 2015. The primary contributor to this improved performance was our majority owned joint venture, Progress Advocates LLC. As can be seen from the Financial Results detailed below, Progress Advocates provided over 90% of 2015 revenue and 100% of our year over year revenue gains.            In addition, significant progress was made in the implementation of our new business strategy in 2015. Discussions and negotiations were held with additional potential joint venture partners. These companies are looking to take advantage of being a part of a publicly traded company, working with our senior management team, and for some the integration of our technology into the new joint venture. Secondly, enhancements were also made to our traditional Debt Resolve service, our consumer to consumer, Settl.it, product and a new Settl.it Pro small business version. To support the financial success of these products, industries have been selected, industry partners have been contacted, and plans developed for the launch of these new industry solutions in 2016.       Lastly, we continued to make great strides in improving our balance sheet. In December, our shareholders approved an increase of authorized shares thereby eliminating the Derivative Liability from our balance sheet and the Derivative Liability expense on our income statement.        With all of these gains and improvements in 2015, there is still work to be done.         For the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, we incurred a net loss attributable to Debt Resolve, Inc. of $778,427 and $809,112, respectively. Cash used in operating activities was $1,063,783 for the year ended December 31, 2015. Cash used in operating activities was $941,607 for the year ended December 31, 2014. Based upon projected operating expenses, we believed that our working capital as of December 31, 2015 may not be sufficient to fund our plan of operations for the next twelve months.       However, in 2015 and 2014, we have raised capital for our day-to-day operations from accredited investors, though no assurance can be provided that we will continue to be able to do so. There is also no assurance that any funds secured will be sufficient to enable us to attain profitable operations. To the extent that we are unsuccessful, we may need to curtail our operations and implement a plan to extend payables and reduce overhead until sufficient additional capital is raised to support further operations. At any time until substantial capital is raised or positive cash flow is generated from operations, there is also a risk of bankruptcy. There can be no assurance that any plan to raise additional funding will be successful. These financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.                 Results of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014            Revenues           Revenues totaled $5,713,905 and $155,976 for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. We earned revenue during the year ended December 31, 2015 primarily providing student loan document preparation services and in 2014 as a percent of debt clients' collected, on a fee per settlement and on a flat monthly fee basis. In addition, in December 2014, we began earning revenue as fees for providing student loan document preparation services.         Operating Expenses            Payroll and related expenses.    Payroll and related expenses amounted to $2,076,220 for the year ended December 31, 2015, as compared to $603,828 for the year ended December 31, 2014, an increase of $1,472,392. The increase mainly resulted from the our majority owned subsidiary's activity which began in December 2014 of $1,632,798, net of a decrease in stock based compensation expense in 2015 of $83,311 to $250,354 compared to $333,665 in 2014.        Selling and marketing expenses.    Selling and marketing expenses increased from $47,905 in 2014 to $2,036,727 in 2015. The significant increase is due to the sales and marketing activities of Progressive Advocates, Inc., our majority owned subsidiary which began operations in December 2014.        General and administrative expenses . General and administrative expenses amounted to $2,014,644 for the year ended December 31, 2015, as compared to $673,812 for the year ended December 31, 2014, an increase of $1,340,832. Service fees were $259,854 and $387,442 for the year ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively, the decrease being primarily attributable to cash paid consulting fees. Occupancy expense was $111,719 and $29,500 for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. The increase is primarily due to facilities of Progressive Advocates. Telecommunications expense was $41,562 and $55,002 for the year ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. Accounting expenses increased to $232,844 for the year ended December 31, 2015 from $52,156 for the year ended December 31, 2014. We had additional accounting services and billings received in 2015 to become current in our SEC reporting. Travel, insurance and legal expense were $19,729, $50,616 and $48,458 in the year ended December 31, 2015 compared with $15,654, $66,127 and $53,721 in the year ended December 31, 2014. In addition, we incurred an aggregate of $932,506 as bad debt charges relating to the student loan document preparation services in 2015 as compared to $-0- in 2014.        Gain on change in fair value of derivative liabilities.    During the   year ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, we had the possibility of exceeding common shares authorized when considering the number of possible shares that may be issuable to satisfy settlement provisions of these agreements after consideration of all existing instruments that could be settled in shares. The accounting treatment of derivative financial instruments requires us to reclassify the derivative from equity to a liability at their fair values as of the date possible issuable shares exceeded the authorized level and at fair value as of each subsequent balance sheet date. For the year ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, we recorded a gain on change in fair value of these derivative liabilities of $381,968 and $743,924, respectively. On December 22, 2015, upon increasing our number of authorized common shares, the fair value of the derivative liability was reclassified to equity.        Gain on settlement of debt.    For the year ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, we settled outstanding accounts payable for less than the recorded liability. As such, we reported a gain of $650,319 and $320 for the year ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.                 Financing Expenses.    We recorded financing expenses of $1,666,238 for the year ended December 31, 2015 compared to financing expenses of $379,829 for the year ended December 31, 2014. Financing expenses increased primarily due to the factoring agreement we have with our student loan document preparation receivables in 2015 in our majority owned subsidiary, Progressive Advocates.        Amortization of deferred debt discount.    Amortization expense of $95,428 and $46,331 was incurred for the year ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively, for the amortization of the value of the deferred debt discount associated with certain of our notes payable. Amortization expense decreased due to expiry of the remaining amortizable discounts on older notes.         Liquidity and Capital Resources             As of December 31, 2015, we had a working capital deficiency (total current liabilities exceeded total current assets) in the amount of   $10,313,663   and cash and cash equivalents totaling $30,480. We reported a net loss attributable to Debt Resolve, Inc. of $778,427 for the year ended December 31, 2015. Net cash used in operating activities was $1,063,783 for the year ended December 31, 2015. Cash flow provided by financing activities was $1,038,658 for the year ended December 31, 2015. As of December 31, 2014, we had a working capital deficiency (total current liabilities exceeded total current assets) in the amount of $5,197,474 and cash and cash equivalents totaling $55,605.      Our working capital as of the date of this report is negative and may not be sufficient to fund our plan of operations for the next year.       On January 25, 2015, we entered into an agreement whereby four of the company's directors (Gary Martin, Raymond Conta, James Brakke and Stanley Freimuth) will make available to us a $400,000 credit line for working capital needs for a period of up to four years. The interest rate on funds utilized by us is 5.25% (reflecting the lender's cost of borrowing such funds). Borrowings under the agreement are unsecured and non-convertible, and are due and payable at any time upon 30 days written notice to us.       We have raised capital for our day-to-day operations since our inception through year end 2015; however, no assurance can be provided that we will continue to be able to do so. There is no assurance that any funds secured will be sufficient to enable us to attain profitable operations. To the extent that we are unsuccessful, we may need to curtail our operations and implement a plan to extend payables and reduce overhead until sufficient additional capital is raised to support further operations. At any time until substantial capital is raised or we reach cash flow breakeven, there is also a significant risk of insolvency. There can be no assurance that any plan to raise additional funding will be successful. It is quite challenging in the current environment to raise money given our delay in generating meaningful and sustainable revenue. Unless our revenue grows quickly, it may not be possible to demonstrate the progress investors require to secure additional funding. Our Consolidated Financial Statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.       A discussion on current loan defaults is included in included in Note 9 to the Financial Statements, titled "Convertible Notes".         Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements             As of April 14, 2016, we have not entered into any transactions with unconsolidated entities in which we have financial guarantees, subordinated retained interests, derivative instruments or other contingent arrangements that expose us to material continuing risks, contingent liabilities or any other obligations under a variable interest in an unconsolidated entity that provides us with financing, liquidity, market risk or credit risk support.                  Impact of Inflation             We believe that inflation has not had a material impact on our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014. We cannot assure you that future inflation will not have an adverse impact on our operating results and financial condition.         Application of Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates             The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires our management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and the accompanying notes. These estimates and assumptions are based on our management's judgment and available information and, consequently, actual results could be different from these estimates. The significant accounting policies that we believe are the most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating our reported financial results are as follows:        Accounts Receivable          In the course of doing business, we extend credit to large, mid-size and small companies for collection services. At December 31, 2014, one client represented receivables of $10,000 (35%). We do not generally require collateral or other security to support customer receivables. Accounts receivable are carried at their estimated collectible amounts. Accounts receivable are periodically evaluated for collectability and the allowance for doubtful accounts is adjusted accordingly. Management determines collectability based on their experience and knowledge of the customers. As of December 31, 2015 and 2014, allowance for doubtful accounts was $600,000 and $-0-, respectively. This provision being added in 2015 to cover potential Progress Advocates contract defaults.        Derivative Liability        We account for derivatives in accordance with ASC 815, which establishes accounting and reporting standards for derivative instruments and hedging activities, including certain derivative instruments embedded in other financial instruments or contracts and requires recognition of all derivatives on the balance sheet at fair value, regardless of hedging relationship designation. Accounting for changes in fair value of the derivative instruments depends on whether the derivatives qualify as hedge relationships and the types of relationships designated are based on the exposures hedged. At December 31, 2015 and 2014, we did not have any derivative instruments that were designated as hedges.       At December 31, 2014 and through December 22, 2015, we had the possibility of exceeding our common shares authorized when considering the number of possible shares that may be issuable to satisfy settlement provisions for all existing instruments that could be settled in shares.        Stock-based compensation          We follow Accounting Standards Codification subtopic 718-10, Stock-based Compensation ("ASC 718-10"). The standards require the measurement of compensation cost at the grant date, based upon the estimated fair value of the award, and requires amortization of the related expense over the employee's requisite service period.       We account for equity awards to non-employees at fair value on the date of grant. Equity awards to non-employees are subject to periodic revaluation until the completion of any requisite performance requirements in accordance with ASC 505-50.        Fair Values          Accounting Standards Codification subtopic 825-10, Financial Instruments ("ASC 825-10") requires disclosure of the fair value of certain financial instruments. The carrying value of cash and cash equivalents, accounts payable and accrued liabilities, and short-term borrowings, as reflected in the balance sheets, approximate fair value because of the short-term maturity of these instruments. All of our other significant financial assets, financial liabilities and equity instruments are either recognized or disclosed in the financial statements together with other information relevant for making a reasonable assessment of future cash flows, interest rate risk and credit risk. Where practicable the fair values of financial assets and financial liabilities have been determined and disclosed; otherwise only available information pertinent to fair value has been disclosed.                We follow Accounting Standards Codification subtopic 820-10, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures ("ASC 820-10") and Accounting Standards Codification subtopic 825-10, Financial Instruments ("ASC 825-10"), which permits entities to choose to measure many financial instruments and certain other items at fair value.       Accounting Standards Codification subtopic 825-10, Financial Instruments ("ASC 825-10") requires disclosure of the fair value of certain financial instruments. ASC 825-10 defines fair value as the price that would be received from selling an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. When determining the fair value measurements for assets and liabilities required or permitted to be recorded at fair value, we consider the principal or most advantageous market in which it would transact and considers assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability, such as inherent risk, transfer restrictions, and risk of nonperformance. ASC 825-10 establishes a fair value hierarchy that requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. ASC 825-10 establishes three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value:       Level 1 - Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.       Level 2 - Observable inputs other than Level 1 prices such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets with insufficient volume or infrequent transactions (less active markets); or model-derived valuations in which all significant inputs are observable or can be derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities.       Level 3 - Unobservable inputs to the valuation methodology that are significant to the measurement of fair value of assets or liabilities.       To the extent that valuation is based on models or inputs that are less observable or unobservable in the market, the determination of fair value requires more judgment. In certain cases, the inputs used to measure fair value may fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In such cases, for disclosure purposes, the level in the fair value hierarchy within which the fair value measurement is disclosed and is determined based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement.       As of December 31, 2015 or 2014, we did not have any items that would be classified as level 1 or 2 disclosures. The Company recognized its derivative liabilities as level 3 and values its derivatives using the methods discussed in note 10. While we believe that our valuation methods are appropriate and consistent with other market participants, it recognizes that the use of different methodologies or assumptions to determine the fair value of certain financial instruments could result in a different estimate of fair value at the reporting date. The primary assumptions that would significantly affect the fair values using the methods discussed in Note 9 to the financial statements are that of volatility and market price of our underlying common stock.        Revenue Recognition          In recognition of the principles expressed in Accounting Standards Codification subtopic 605-10, Revenue should not be recognized until it is realized or realizable and earned, and given the element of doubt associated with collectability of an agreed settlement on past due debt, we postpone recognition of all contingent revenue until the client receives payment from the debtor. As is required by SAB 104, revenues are considered to have been earned when we have substantially accomplished the agreed-upon deliverables to be entitled to payment by the client. For most current active clients, these deliverables consist of the successful collection of past due debts using our system and/or, for clients under a flat fee arrangement, the successful availability of our system to our customers.       Revenues for the preparation of student loan documentation are earned when we has substantially accomplished the agreed-upon deliverables to be entitled to payment by the client. For most current active clients, these deliverables consist of the completed, delivered and accepted student loan package. We may sell our products separately or in various bundles that include multiple elements such as upfront fees, monitoring and other services.                We also earn revenue from collection agencies, collection law firms and lenders that implemented our online system. Our current contracts provide for revenue based on a percentage of the amount of debt collected, a fee for accounts loaded into the Debt Resolve Service or through a flat monthly fee.        Revenues for set-up fees, percentage contingent collection fees, fixed settlement fees, monthly fees, etc. are accounted for as Multiple-Element Arrangements under ASC 605-10 which incorporates Accounting Standards Codification subtopic 605-25, Multiple-Element Arrangements ("ASC 605-25"). ASC 605-25 addresses accounting for arrangements that may involve the delivery or performance of multiple products, services and/or rights to use assets.       We defer any revenue for which the product or service has not been delivered or is subject to refund until such time that we and the customer jointly determine that the product has been delivered or no refund will be required. At December 31, 2015 and 2014, the Company had deferred revenues of $1,260,131 and $25,343, respectively         Recently-Issued Accounting Pronouncements             There were various updates recently issued, most of which represented technical corrections to the accounting literature or application to specific industries and are not expected to a have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. Refer to page F-11 in Our Consolidated Financial Statements for details regarding recent accounting pronouncements.        ITEM 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk          Not applicable        ITEM 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data          Our audited financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 are included as a separate section of this report beginning on page F-1.        ITEM 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure          None        ITEM 9A. Controls and Procedures            Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures           We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that material information required to be disclosed in our periodic reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms and to ensure that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and acting Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer), which are the same person, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. During the fourth quarter ended December 31, 2015, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and the acting Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer), of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rule 13(a)-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on this evaluation, because of our limited resources and limited number of employees, management concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were ineffective as of December 31, 2015.            Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting           Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurances regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.                With the participation of our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, currently the same person, our management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as defined under Rule 13a-15, as of December 31, 2015 based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, or COSO. Based on our evaluation and the material weaknesses described below, management concluded that the Company did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2015, based on the COSO framework criteria. Management has identified the major control deficiencies as the lack of segregation of duties and limited accounting knowledge of our debt and equity transactions. Our management believes that these material weaknesses are due to the small size of our accounting staff. The small size of our accounting staff may prevent adequate controls in the future, such as segregation of duties, due to the high cost of such remediation relative the benefit expected to be derived thereby.       To mitigate the current limited resources and limited employees, we rely heavily on direct management oversight of transactions, along with the use of external legal and accounting professionals. As we grow, we expect to increase our number of employees, which will enable us to implement adequate segregation of duties within the internal control framework. These control deficiencies could result in a misstatement of account balances that would result in a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement to our consolidated financial statements may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Accordingly, we have determined that these control deficiencies as described above together constitute a material weakness.       In light of this material weakness, we performed additional analyses and procedures in order to conclude that our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2015 included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K were fairly stated in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Accordingly, management believes that, despite our material weaknesses, our financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2015 are fairly stated, in all material respects, in accordance with U.S. GAAP.       This report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management's report was not required to attestation by our registered public accounting firm under section 404(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.        Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures          Our management, including our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, which are the same person, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal controls will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include, but are not limited to, the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the control. The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions.       Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected.        Changes in Internal Controls          During the fourth quarter ended December 31, 2015, there have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal controls over financial reporting.        ITEM 9B. Other Information          None                 PART III.           ITEM 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance          The following table shows the positions held by our board of directors and executive officers, as well as a key employee, and their ages, as of April 14, 2016:                Name            Age            Position          Stanley E. Freimuth         69        Chief Executive Officer, Acting Chief Financial Officer, and Director         William M. Mooney, Jr.         76        Chairman of Board         James G. Brakke         73        Director         Gary T. Martin         70        Director         Raymond A. Conta         45        Director         Sean Q. Lucero         43        Director         Rene A. Samson         37        Vice President -Technology          The principal occupations for the past five years (and, in some instances, for prior years) of each of our directors and executive officers are as follows:        Stanley E. Freimuth    has been our Chief Executive Officer, Acting Chief Financial Officer and Director since March 2014. Mr. Freimuth has a long and successful track record of growing and transforming both B2B and B2C companies. Mr. Freimuth was Chairman, President and CEO of Presstek, Inc., a publically traded digital printing equipment manufacturer, bringing the company back to financial stability and negotiating its sale to a private equity buyer. Before Presstek, Mr. Freimuth was Chairman and Executive Director of Tracer Imaging, a specialty B2B and B2C lenticular and 3D printing company where he helped launch an innovative consumer-facing product. Until 2007, Mr. Freimuth was the senior U.S. executive at Fujifilm USA, Inc., which he led to record revenues through a period of major technological transition in most of its core businesses. Mr. Freimuth's background in executive management qualifies him to be a director.        William M. Mooney, Jr.    has been a member of our board of directors since April 2003 and our Chairman since April 1, 2014. Mr. Mooney is currently CEO of The Westchester County Association. Mr. Mooney has been involved in the banking sector in an executive capacity for more than 30 years. Prior to joining Independence Community Bank, he served for four years as an Executive Vice President and member of the management committee of Union State Bank, responsible for retail banking, branch banking and all marketing activity. Mr. Mooney also spent 23 years at Chemical Bank and, following its merger with Chase Manhattan Bank, he was a Senior Vice President with responsibilities including oversight of all retail business. He also held the position of Chairman for the Westchester County Association, past Chairman of the United Way Westchester and Chairman of St. Thomas Aquinas College. He has served on the board of trustees for New York Medical College, St. Agnes Hospital, the Board of Dominican Sisters and the Hispanic Chamber of Commerce. Mr. Mooney received a B.A. degree in business administration from Manhattan College. He also attended the Harvard Management Program and the Darden Graduate School at the University of Virginia. Mr. Mooney's background in banking and finance qualifies him to be a director.        James G. Brakke    has been a member of our board of directors since October 2009. Mr. Brakke was our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer from April 2010 through June 2012 and remained as Chairman through March 31, 2014. Mr. Brakke is a Vice Chairman of the Ronald Reagan Presidential Foundation Advisory Council, Director at First Foundation Bank, First Foundation Advisors, Mission Hospital Foundation and Maury Microwave Corp. and Chairman of Life Vessel   Advanced Wellness. Mr. Brakke was Founder and President until 2009 of Brakke-Schafnitz Insurance Brokers, a multi-line commercial brokerage and consulting firm he co-founded in 1971 managing in excess of $250 million of insurance premiums with both domestic and international insurers. He is a former member of the board of advisors for Pepperdine University's Graziadio School of Business, Orange County Sheriffs and the Orange County YMCA and has served as director on the boards of Denticare, Pacific National Bank, Commercial Capital Bank, The Busch Firm, National Health Care Services and E-Funds. Mr. Brakke is a graduate of Colorado State University with a B.S. degree in Business and Finance. Mr. Brakke's background in insurance and corporate governance qualifies him to be a director.                 Gary T. Martin    has been a member of our board of directors since June 2012. Mr. Martin has been the Chief Executive Officer of Encore Supply Strategies since 2010. Encore provides consulting services to customers of Procter   Gamble who license Procter   Gamble's proprietary supply chain intellectual property. Mr. Martin is also President of Adventure Leisure Properties Ltd., a Florida-based company operating a recreational investment property in New Zealand since 2002. Mr. Martin is also President of a small startup company, LYNX Technology Limited, located in Ontario, Canada, which has been developing proprietary exploratory mining equipment since 2010. Previously, Mr. Martin was an executive with Procter   Gamble for 33 years. Mr. Martin was President of Procter   Gamble's worldwide family care business from 1999 until his retirement in 2001. Previously, from 1991 to 1999, he was Senior Vice President of the company's supply system with responsibility for worldwide purchasing, engineering, manufacturing and customer service/distribution. In this capacity, Mr. Martin was responsible for managing the company's capital spending, the production of all its products and 65,000 employees. Additionally, for a time, he was also the Chief Information Officer of the company. Mr. Martin's executive experience qualifies him to be a director.        Raymond A. Conta    has been a member of our board of directors since 2014. Mr. Conta is an entrepreneur in Westchester County, NY. He owns Advanced Billing Services, Inc., a business that he started in 1999. He also owns other affiliated businesses. Mr. Conta serves on the board of The Children's Hospital Research Foundation located in Westchester County. Mr. Conta has a B.A. degree from Hamilton College in 1992 and a J.D. from Pace University in 1995. Mr. Conta's experience in the debt buying and debt collection industries qualifies him to be a director.        Sean Q. Lucero    was elected as a member of our board of directors in 2015. Mr. Lucero is one of the founding members of LSH, LLC, which is our partner in our majority owned venture, Progress Advocates LLC. He started his entrepreneurial career working at a McDonald's restaurant and now owns nine McDonald's franchises in Southern California. Mr. Lucero is an active donor and very involved with his local Ronald McDonald's House. He is also an investor in other startups in and around the student loan industry. Mr. Lucero's knowledge and experience in Progress Advocates' business as well as his success developing new businesses qualifies him to be a director.        All directors hold office until the next annual meeting of stockholders (when scheduled) and the election and qualification of their successors. Officers are elected annually by our board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board, subject to their contracts.        Key Employee           Ren  A. Samson    has been our Vice President of Technology since July 2009. Mr. Samson has worked as a software developer for more than 10 years. He has experience working on projects for multinationals as well as startup companies. Mr. Samson joined our company as a senior software developer in 2005, and was an integral part of the team that developed the original Debt Resolve solutions. As Vice President of Technology, Mr. Samson is now responsible for our entire IT department of Debt Resolve.        Additional Information about our Board and its Committees          While our securities are not currently traded on a national securities exchange, we continue to monitor the rules and regulations of the SEC regarding "independent" directors. William M. Mooney, Jr., James G. Brakke, Mr. Sean Q. Lucero and Raymond A. Conta are "independent" as defined by New York Stock Exchange rules.                During 2015, all of our directors attended at least 75% of all meetings during the periods for which they served on our board, and all of the meetings held by committees of the board on which they serve. The board of directors has formed an audit committee, compensation committee and a nominations and governance committee, all of which operate under written charters. The charters for the audit committee, the compensation committee, and the nominations and governance committee were included as exhibits to our registration statement filed with the SEC on September 30, 2005.           Committees of the Board           Audit Committee.    In September 2004, we established an audit committee of the board of directors which, as of December 31, 2015, consisted of only William M. Mooney, Jr., an independent director. The audit committee's duties, which are specified in our Audit Committee Charter, include, but are not limited to:                            reviewing and discussing with management and the independent accountants our annual and quarterly financial statements,                              directly appointing, compensating, retaining, and overseeing the work of the independent auditor,                               approving, in advance, the provision by the independent auditor of all audit and permissible non-audit services,                              establishing procedures for the receipt, retention, and treatment of complaints received by us regarding accounting, internal accounting controls, or auditing matters and the confidential, anonymous submissions by our employees of concerns regarding questionable accounting or auditing matters,                              the right to engage and obtain assistance from outside legal and other advisors as the audit committee deems necessary to carry out its duties,                               the right to receive appropriate funding, as needed, from the company to compensate the independent auditor and any outside advisors engaged by the committee and to pay the ordinary administrative expenses of the audit committee that are necessary or appropriate to carrying out its duties, and                             re viewing and approving of all related party transactions unless the task is assigned to a comparable committee or group of independent directors.           Compensation Committee.    In May 2004, we established a compensation committee of the board of directors which, as of December 31, 2015, consisted of only Mr. Mooney, an independent director. The compensation committee reviews and approves our salary and benefits policies, including compensation of executive officers. The compensation committee also administers our incentive compensation plan, and recommends and approves grants of stock options and restricted stock grants under that plan.                 Nominations and Governance Committee.    In June 2005, we established a nominations and governance committee of the board of directors which, as of December 31, 2015, consisted of only Mr. Mooney, an independent director. This committee meets at least once annually. The purpose of the nominations and governance committee is to select, or recommend for our entire board's selection, the individuals to stand for election as directors at the annual meeting of stockholders and to oversee the selection and composition of committees of our board. The nominations and governance committee's duties, which are specified in our Nominations and Governance Committee Charter, include, but are not limited to:                            establishing criteria for the selection of new directors,                              considering stockholder proposals of director nominations,                              committee selection and composition,                              considering the adequacy of our corporate governance,                              overseeing and approving management continuity planning process, and                              reporting regularly to the board with respect to the committee's duties.           Financial Experts on Audit Committee          The audit committee will at all times be composed exclusively of "independent directors" who are "financially literate." "Financially literate" is defined as being able to read and understand fundamental financial statements, including a company's balance sheet, income statement and cash flow statement.       The committee has, and will continue to have, at least one member who has past employment experience in finance or accounting, requisite professional certification in accounting, or other comparable experience or background that results in the individual's financial sophistication. The board of directors believes that Mr. Mooney satisfies the definition of financial sophistication and also qualifies as an "audit committee financial expert," as defined under rules and regulations of the SEC.        Indebtedness of Directors and Executive Officers          None of our directors or executive officers or their respective associates or affiliates is indebted to us.       There are no family relationships among our directors and executive officers.        Legal Proceedings          As of December 31, 2015, there was no material proceeding to which any of our directors, executive officers, affiliates or stockholders is a party adverse to us.           Code of Ethics          In May 2003, we adopted a Code of Ethics and Business Conduct that applies to all of our executive officers, directors and employees. The Code of Ethics and Business Conduct codifies the business and ethical principles that govern all aspects of our business. Our Code of Ethics and Business Conduct is posted on our website at http://www.debtresolve.com and we will provide a copy without charge to any stockholder who makes a written request for a copy.                 Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation          Mr. Freimuth, our CEO, is the only board member employed by our company. No director is a director of another public corporation.        Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance          Rules adopted by the SEC under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act, require our officers and directors, and persons who own more than 10% of the issued and outstanding shares of our equity securities, to file reports of their ownership, and changes in ownership, of such securities with the SEC on Forms 3, 4 or 5, as appropriate. Such persons are required by the regulations of the SEC to furnish us with copies of all forms they file pursuant to Section 16(a).       Based solely upon a review of Forms 3, 4 and 5 and amendments thereto furnished to us during our most recent fiscal year, and any written representations provided to us, we believe that all of the officers, directors, and owners of more than 10% of the outstanding shares of our common stock did comply with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act for the year ended December 31, 2015.        ITEM 11. Executive Compensation           Summary Compensation Table          The following table sets forth, for the most recent fiscal year, all cash compensation paid, distributed or accrued, including salary and bonus amounts, for services rendered to us by our Chief Executive Officer, who also serves as our principal financial and accounting officer, and one other executive officer in such year who received or are entitled to receive remuneration in excess of $100,000 during the stated period and any individuals for whom disclosure would have been made in this table but for the fact that the individual was not serving as an executive officer as at December 31, 2015:         _________________              Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End        The following table summarizes equity awards outstanding at December 31, 2015 for each of the executive officers named in the Summary Compensation Table above:                          Option Awards               Stock Awards                 Name               Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable                    Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable                    Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options (#)                    Option Exercise Price ($)                    Option Expiration Date               Number of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (#)                    Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested ($)                    Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested (#)                    Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested ($)                 (a)               (b)                    (c)                    (d)                    (e)                    (f)               (g)                    (h)                    (i)                    (j)                Stanley E. Freimuth, CEO and acting CFO(1)              1,000,000                 2,000,000                 --            $  0.015              3/1/2021              --                 --                 --                 --                                                                                                                                                                                            Rene A. Samson, VP-Technology (3)              500,000                 --                 --            $  1.63              1/17/2019              --                 --                 --                 --         ______________              Employment Agreements          On November 1, 2013, Stanley E. Freimuth, as a principal and consultant for Claremont Ventures, was appointed as interim Chief Executive Officer. Details of this appointment can be found in the Company's Form 8-K filing, dated November 15, 2013. On March 1, 2014, Mr. Freimuth was subsequently hired as the Company's permanent CEO. Details of this employment agreement can be found in the Company's Form 8-K filing, dated March 6, 2014.        Director Compensation           Non-employee Director Compensation   . Non-employee directors currently receive no cash compensation for serving on our board of directors other than reimbursement of all reasonable expenses for attendance at board and board committee meetings. Under our 2005 Incentive Compensation Plan, non-employee directors are entitled to receive stock options to purchase shares of common stock or restricted stock grants. The Board received no grants for 2015 service on the Board.        Employee Director Compensation.    Directors who are employees of ours receive no compensation for services provided in that capacity, but are reimbursed for out-of-pocket expenses in connection with attendance at meetings of our board and its committees.                The table below summarizes the compensation we paid to non-employee directors for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015:        Director Compensation                   Name               Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ($)                    Stock Awards ($)                    Option Awards ($)                    Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ($)                    Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ($)                    All Other Compensation ($)                    Total ($)                 (a)               (b)                    (e)                    (f)                    (g)                    (h)                    (i)                    (j)                Gary T. Martin              --                 --                 --                 --                 --                 --                 --           William M. Mooney, Jr.              --                 --                 --                 --                 --                 --                 --           James G. Brakke              --                 --                 --                 --                 --                 --                 --           Raymond A. Contra              --                 --                                     --                 --                 --                               Sean Q. Lucero              -                  --             $  5,000  (1)             --                   --                   --             $  5,000         _______________         ITEM 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters          The table below sets forth the beneficial ownership of our common stock, as of April 14, 2016, by:                            all of our directors and executive officers, individually,                              all of our directors and executive officers, as a group, and                              all persons who beneficially owned more than 5% of our outstanding common stock.          The beneficial ownership of each person was calculated based on 104,612,082 outstanding shares of common stock as of April 14, 2016. The SEC has defined "beneficial ownership" to mean more than ownership in the usual sense. For example, a person has beneficial ownership of a share not only if he owns it in the usual sense, but also if he has the power to vote, sell or otherwise dispose of the share. Beneficial ownership also includes the number of shares that a person has the right to acquire within 60 days of April 14, 2016 pursuant to the exercise of options or warrants or the conversion of notes, debentures or other indebtedness, but excludes stock appreciation rights. Two or more persons might count as beneficial owners of the same share. Unless otherwise noted, the address of the following persons listed below is c/o Debt Resolve, Inc., 1133 Westchester Avenue, Suite S-223, White Plains, New York 10604.       Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table below have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock beneficially owned by them.                  ________________                                 (6)      Includes stock options to purchase 250,000 of common stock. On an outstanding voting basis, Mr. Lucero owns no common shares.              (7)      On a common stock issued and outstanding voting basis, all directors and executive officers as a group own 30.7% of the total shares.           Change in Control          There are no arrangements currently in effect which may result in our "change in control," as that term is defined by the provisions of Item 403(c) of Regulation S-K.        Equity Compensation Plan Information          The issuance of stock incentive awards for an aggregate of 900,000 shares of common stock is authorized under our 2005 Incentive Compensation Plan. As of December 31, 2015, 324,000 shares were available for issuance under our 2005 Incentive Compensation Plan, and there were outstanding stock options to purchase 576,000 shares of our common stock.                The following table provides information as of December 31, 2015 with respect to the shares of common stock that may be issued under our existing equity compensation plan:        Equity Compensation Plan Information                   Plan category               Number of shares of common stock to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (a)                    Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights (b)                    Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) (c)                Equity compensation plans approved by security holders              576,000            $  2.58                 324,000           Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders              21,229,934            $  0.72              Unrestricted             Total              21,805,934            $  0.78                 324,000              Defined Contribution 401   ( k) Plan        We maintain a defined contribution 401(k) plan for our employees. The plan provides for a company match in the amount of 100% of the first 3% of pre-tax salary contributed and 50% of the next 3% of pre-tax salary contributed. However, due to the severe cash limitations that we have experienced, the match was suspended in 2009 and will only be re-instated when business conditions warrant.        ITEM 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence           Related Party Transactions          On January 9, 2014, a stockholder and Board member loaned $25,000 (unsecured) to the Company due January 9, 2016 with interest at 10% per annum.        On February 28, 2014, the Company issued a $200,000 secured convertible note to a stockholder and board member that matures on February 28, 2016. The note bears interest at a rate of 10% and can be convertible into shares of the Company's common stock, at a conversion rate of $0.05 per share. Interest will also be converted into common stock at the conversion rate of $0.05 per share. In connection with the issuance of the convertible note, the Company issued an aggregate of 2,000,000 warrants to purchase the Company's common stock at $0.15 per share over three years.       On April 24, 2014, the Company issued a $25,000 secured convertible note to a stockholder and board member that matures on April 24, 2016. The note bears interest at a rate of 10% and can be convertible into shares of the Company's common stock, at a conversion rate of $0.05 per share. Interest will also be converted into common stock at the conversion rate of $0.05 per share. In connection with the issuance of the convertible note, the Company issued an aggregate of 250,000 warrants to purchase the Company's common stock at $0.15 per share over three years.       On November 7, 2014, the Company issued a $25,000 secured convertible note to a stockholder and board member that matures on November 7, 2016. The note bears interest at a rate of 10% and can be convertible into shares of the Company's common stock, at a conversion rate of $0.05 per share. Interest will also be converted into common stock at the conversion rate of $0.05 per share. In connection with the issuance of the convertible note, the Company issued an aggregate of 250,000 warrants to purchase the Company's common stock at $0.15 per share over three years.       On December 4, 2014, the Company issued two $25,000 secured convertible notes to a stockholder and board member that mature on December 4, 2016. The notes bears interest at a rate of 10% and can be convertible into shares of the Company's common stock, at a conversion rate of $0.05 per share. Interest will also be converted into common stock at the conversion rate of $0.05 per share. In connection with the issuance of the convertible note, the Company issued an aggregate of 500,000 warrants to purchase the Company's common stock at $0.15 per share over three years.         Total unpaid accrued interest on the notes payable to related parties as of December 31, 2015 and 2014 was $143,526 and $74,788, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, the Company recorded interest expense of $69,738 and $37,474, respectively, in connection with the notes payable to related parties.       On January 25, 2015, we entered into an agreement whereby four of the company's directors (Gary Martin, Raymond Conta, James Brakke, and Stanley Freimuth) will make available to us a $400,000 credit line for working capital needs for a period of up to four years. The interest rate on funds utilized us is 5.25% (reflecting the lender's cost of borrowing such funds). Borrowings under the agreement are unsecured and non-convertible, and are due and payable at any time upon 30 days written notice to us.               Director Independence          William M. Mooney, Jr., James G. Brakke, Raymond A. Conta, and Sean Q. Lucero are "independent" directors, as such term is defined in Rule 10A-3(b)(1) under the Exchange Act, and Mr. Mooney serves on each of our Audit, Compensation and Nominations and Governance Committees. See Item 10, "Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance" for more information on the independence of our directors.        ITEM 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services          On April 22, 2015, the Company engaged Liggett   Webb, P.A. ("LW") as our independent registered public accounting firm. The aggregate fees billed to us by LW and Fiondella, Milone and LaSaracina LLP ("FML") our prior independent registered accounting firm, for services rendered during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 are set forth in the below:         Audit Fees            Audit fees are those fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of the annual financial statements and review of the financial statements included in Form 10-Q. The aggregate amount of the audit fees billed by FML in 2015 was $58,050 and in 2014 was $52,767. The aggregate amount of the audit fees billed by LW in 2015 was $18,000 and in 2014 was $0.        Audit-related Fees          No audit-related fees were billed by FML and LW in 2015 or 2014.        Tax Fees          Tax fees are those fees billed for professional services rendered for tax compliance, including preparation of corporate federal and state income tax returns and related compliance. The aggregate amount of tax fees billed by FML in 2015 was $27,500 and in 2014 was $23,275. The aggregate amount of the audit fees billed by LW in 2015 was $0 and in 2014 was $0.        All Other Fees          None        Audit Committee          The only member of our audit committee is Mr. Mooney. Our board of directors and audit committee approved the services rendered and fees charged by our independent auditors. The audit committee has reviewed and discussed our audited financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 with our management. In addition, the audit committee has reviewed and discussed our audited financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 with LW and FML for 2015 and 2014, our independent registered public accountants, as required under PCAOB standards, respectively.        Based on the audit committee's review of the matters noted above and its discussions with our independent auditors and our management, the audit committee recommended to the board of directors that the audited financial statements be included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.        Policy for Pre-Approval of Audit and Non-Audit Services          The audit committee's policy is to pre-approve all audit services and all non-audit services that our independent auditor is permitted to perform for us under applicable federal securities regulations. As permitted by the applicable regulations, the audit committee's policy utilizes a combination of specific pre-approval on a case-by-case basis of individual engagements of the independent auditor and general pre-approval of certain categories of engagements up to predetermined dollar thresholds that are reviewed annually by the audit committee. Specific pre-approval is mandatory for the annual financial statement audit engagement, among others.       The pre-approval policy was implemented effective as of September 2004. All engagements of the independent auditor to perform any audit services and non-audit services since that date have been pre-approved by the audit committee in accordance with the pre-approval policy. The policy has not been waived in any instance. All engagements of the independent auditor to perform any audit services and non-audit services prior to the date the pre-approval policy was implemented were approved by the audit committee in accordance its normal functions.                 ITEM 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules          (a) Exhibits           _________________                             (4)      Incorporated herein by reference to Current Report on Form 8-K, filed September 5, 2007.                                    _____________   ** XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language) information is furnished and not filed or a part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, is deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and otherwise is not subject to liability under these sections.                 SIGNATURES          Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.                  DEBT RESOLVE, INC.                        Dated:   December 2,   2016      By:        /s/ Bruce E. Bellmare                          Bruce E. Bellmare                         Chief Executive Officer and Principal Accounting Officer                          (Principal executive officer and Principal   accounting officer)              Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.                Signature             Title             Date                         /s/ Bruce E. Bellmare           Chief Executive Officer and Principal Accounting Officer          December 2,  2016        Bruce E. Bellmare          (Principal executive officer and Principal accounting officer)                               /s/ James G. Brakke       Director        December 2,  2016       James G. Brakke                                    /s/ William M. Mooney, Jr.       Chairman of the Board        December 2,  2016       William M. Mooney, Jr.                                 /s/ Gary T. Martin       Director        December 2,   2016       Gary T. Martin                                 /s/ Raymond A. Conta       Director        December 2,  2016       Raymond A. Conta                                 /s/ Sean Q. Lucero       Director        December 2,  2016       Sean Q. Lucero                             DEBT RESOLVE, INC.           INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                           REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM          To the Board of Directors and    Stockholders of Debt Resolve, Inc.       We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Debt Resolve, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2015, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders' deficiency and cash flows for the year then ended. The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audit.       We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audits included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.       In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2015, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.       The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and has significant negative working capital as of December 31, 2015, which raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to this matter are described in Note 3. The accompanying consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.        As discussed in Note 17, the 2015 financial statements have been restated to correct an error.           /s/ Liggett   Webb, P.A.                                  New York, New York      April 14, 2016, except for 2015 Restatement described in Note 17 and the effects thereof, as to which the date is December 2, 2016.                    REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM          To the Board of Directors and    Stockholders of Debt Resolve, Inc.        We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Debt Resolve, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2014, and the related consolidated statements of operations, shareholders' deficiency and cash flows for the year then ended. The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audit.       We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audits included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.       In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2014, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.       The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and has significant negative working capital as of December 31, 2014, which raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to this matter are described in Note 3. The accompanying consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.        /s/ Fiondella, Milone   LaSaracina LLP                                Glastonbury, Connecticut   April 15, 2015                         The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements                        DEBT RESOLVE, INC.          CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS                  The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements                                               The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements                        DEBT RESOLVE, INC.          CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS                  The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements               DEBT RESOLVE, INC.      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS      DECEMBER 31, 2015 AND 2014          NOTE 1   BASIS AND BUSINESS PRESENTATION        Debt Resolve, Inc. (the "Company") was incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware on April 21, 1997. The Company offers its service as a Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) model, enabling clients to introduce this collection or payment software option with no modifications to their existing collections computer systems. Its products capitalize on using the Internet as a tool for communication, resolution, settlement and payment of delinquent or defaulted consumer debt and as part of a complete accounts receivable management solution for consumer creditors.       In December 2014, the Company, jointly with LSH, LLC, organized Progress Advocates LLC, a Delaware limited liability company for the purpose to provide services in the student loan document preparation industry with ownership interests of 51% and 49% for the Company and LSH, LLC, respectively.        The Company operates as one operating segment.         NOTE 2   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES          A summary of the significant accounting policies applied in the presentation of the accompanying consolidated financial statements follows:        Basis of Presentation          The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its majority-owned subsidiary. All significant inter-company transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation. The non-controlling interest represents the minority owners' share of its net operating results.        Estimates          The preparation of the financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect certain reported amounts of assets and liabilities, revenues and expenses and certain disclosures. The most significant estimates are those used in determination of derivative liabilities and stock compensation. Accordingly, actual results could differ from those estimates.        Revenue Recognition          In recognition of the principles expressed in Accounting Standards Codification subtopic 605-10, Revenue should not be recognized until it is realized or realizable and earned, and given the element of doubt associated with collectability of an agreed settlement on past due debt, the Company postpones recognition of all contingent revenue until the client receives payment from the debtor. As is required by SAB 104, revenues are considered to have been earned when the Company has substantially accomplished the agreed-upon deliverables to be entitled to payment by the client. For most current active clients, these deliverables consist of the successful collection of past due debts using the Company's system and/or, for clients under a flat fee arrangement, the successful availability of the Company's system to its customers.       Revenues for the preparation of student loan documentation are earned when the Company has substantially accomplished the agreed-upon deliverables to be entitled to payment by the client. For most current active clients, these deliverables consist of the completed, delivered and accepted student loan package. The Company may sell its products separately or in various bundles that include multiple elements such as upfront fees, monitoring and other services.                 DEBT RESOLVE, INC.      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS      DECEMBER 31, 2015 AND 2014          The Company also earns revenue from collection agencies, collection law firms and lenders that implemented our online system. The Company's current contracts provide for revenue based on a percentage of the amount of debt collected, a fee for accounts loaded into the Debt Resolve Service or through a flat monthly fee.        Revenues for set-up fees, percentage contingent collection fees, fixed settlement fees, monthly fees, etc. are accounted for as Multiple-Element Arrangements under ASC 605-10 which incorporates Accounting Standards Codification subtopic 605-25, Multiple-Element Arrangements ("ASC 605-25"). ASC 605-25 addresses accounting for arrangements that may involve the delivery or performance of multiple products, services and/or rights to use assets.       The Company defers any revenue for which the product or service has not been delivered or is subject to refund until such time that the Company and the customer jointly determine that the product has been delivered or no refund will be required. At December 31, 2015 and 2014, the Company had deferred revenues of $1,260,137 and $25,343, respectively.        Concentrations of Credit Risk          The Company's consolidated financial instruments that are exposed to a concentration of credit risk are cash and accounts receivable. Generally, the Company's cash and cash equivalents in interest-bearing accounts does not exceed FDIC insurance limits. The financial stability of these institutions is periodically reviewed by senior management.        Accounts Receivable and Sales Concentration          The Company extends credit to large, mid-size and small companies for collection services. At December 31, 2014, one client represented receivables of $10,000 (35%). The Company did not have a concentration in receivables in 2015. The Company does not generally require collateral or other security to support customer receivables. Accounts receivable are carried at their estimated collectible amounts. Accounts receivable are periodically evaluated for collectability and the allowance for doubtful accounts is adjusted accordingly. Management determines collectability based on their experience and knowledge of the customers. As of December 31, 2015 and 2014, allowance for doubtful accounts was $600,000 and $-0-, respectively.       The Company did not have a revenue concentration for the year ended December 31, 2015 and three clients accounting for 17%, 38% and 20% of total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2014.        Cash and Cash Equivalents          For purposes of the consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, the Company considers all highly liquid debt instruments purchased with a maturity date of three months or less to be cash equivalents.                DEBT RESOLVE, INC.      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS      DECEMBER 31, 2015 AND 2014          Fair Values          Accounting Standards Codification subtopic 825-10, Financial Instruments ("ASC 825-10") requires disclosure of the fair value of certain financial instruments. ASC 825-10 defines fair value as the price that would be received from selling an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. When determining the fair value measurements for assets and liabilities required or permitted to be recorded at fair value, the Company considers the principal or most advantageous market in which it would transact and considers assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability, such as inherent risk, transfer restrictions, and risk of nonperformance. ASC 825-10 establishes a fair value hierarchy that requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. ASC 825-10 establishes three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value:       Level 1 - Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.       Level 2 - Observable inputs other than Level 1 prices such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets with insufficient volume or infrequent transactions (less active markets); or model-derived valuations in which all significant inputs are observable or can be derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities.       Level 3 - Unobservable inputs to the valuation methodology that are significant to the measurement of fair value of assets or liabilities.       To the extent that valuation is based on models or inputs that are less observable or unobservable in the market, the determination of fair value requires more judgment. In certain cases, the inputs used to measure fair value may fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In such cases, for disclosure purposes, the level in the fair value hierarchy within which the fair value measurement is disclosed and is determined based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement.       The carrying value of the Company's cash, accounts receivable, accounts payable, short-term borrowings (including convertible notes payable), and other current assets and liabilities approximate fair value because of their short-term maturity.       As of December 31, 2015 or 2014, the Company did not have any items that would be classified as level 1 or 2 disclosures.       The Company recognized its derivative liabilities as level 3 and values its derivatives using the methods discussed in Note 10. While the Company believes that its valuation methods are appropriate and consistent with other market participants, it recognizes that the use of different methodologies or assumptions to determine the fair value of certain financial instruments could result in a different estimate of fair value at the reporting date. The primary assumptions that would significantly affect the fair values using the methods discussed in Note 10 are that of volatility and market price of the underlying common stock of the Company.        Property and Equipment          Property and equipment are stated at cost. When retired or otherwise disposed, the related carrying value and accumulated depreciation are removed from the respective accounts and the net difference less any amount realized from disposition, is reflected in earnings. For financial statement purposes, property and equipment are recorded at cost and depreciated using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives of 3 to 5 years. Property and equipment is fully depreciated as of December 31, 2015 and 2014.                DEBT RESOLVE, INC.      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS      DECEMBER 31, 2015 AND 2014          Net Loss per Common Share, basic and diluted          The Company computes earnings (loss) per share under Accounting Standards Codification subtopic 260-10, Earnings Per Share ("ASC 260-10"). Net loss per common share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the year. Diluted earnings per share, if presented, would include the dilution that would occur upon the exercise or conversion of all potentially dilutive securities into common stock using the "treasury stock" and/or "if converted" methods as applicable.       The computation of basic and diluted income (loss) per share as of December 31, 2015 and 2014 excludes potentially dilutive securities when their inclusion would be anti-dilutive, or if their exercise prices were greater than the average market price of the common stock during the period.       Potentially dilutive securities excluded from the computation of basic and diluted net loss per share are as follows:             Stock Based Compensation          The Company measures the cost of services received in exchange for an award of equity instruments based on the fair value of the award. For employees and directors, the fair value of the award is measured on the grant date and for non-employees, the fair value of the award is generally re-measured on vesting dates and interim financial reporting dates until the service period is complete. The fair value amount is then recognized over the period during which services are required to be provided in exchange for the award, usually the vesting period. Stock-based compensation expense is recorded by the Company in the same expense classifications in the statements of operations, as if such amounts were paid in cash. As of December 31, 2015, there were outstanding stock options to purchase 15,592,434 shares of common stock, 13,592,434 shares of which were vested. (see Note 13)        Segment Information          Accounting Standards Codification subtopic Segment Reporting 280-10 ("ASC 280-10") establishes standards for reporting information regarding operating segments in annual financial statements and requires selected information for those segments to be presented in interim financial reports issued to stockholders. ASC 280-10 also establishes standards for related disclosures about products and services and geographic areas. Operating segments are identified as components of an enterprise about which separate discrete financial information is available for evaluation by the chief operating decision maker, or decision-making group, in making decisions how to allocate resources and assess performance. The information disclosed herein materially represents all of the financial information related to the Company's only material principal operating segment.                DEBT RESOLVE, INC.      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS      DECEMBER 31, 2015 AND 2014             Long-Lived Assets          The Company follows Accounting Standards Codification subtopic 360-10, Property, Plant and Equipment ("ASC 360-10"). ASC 360-10 requires that long-lived assets and certain identifiable intangibles held and used by the Company be reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Events relating to recoverability may include significant unfavorable changes in business conditions, recurring losses, or a forecasted inability to achieve break-even operating results over an extended period. The Company evaluates the recoverability of long-lived assets based upon forecasted undiscounted cash flows. Should impairment in value be indicated, the carrying value of intangible assets will be adjusted, based on estimates of future discounted cash flows resulting from the use and ultimate disposition of the asset. ASC 360-10 also requires assets to be disposed of be reported at the lower of the carrying amount or the fair value less costs to sell.        Defined Contribution (401k) Plan          The Company maintains a defined contribution (401k) plan for its employees. The plan provides for a company match in the amount of 100% of the first 3% of pre-tax salary contributed and 50% of the next 3% of pre-tax salary contributed. Due to the severe cash limitations that the Company has experienced, the match was suspended from mid-2008 to the present and will only be re-instated when business conditions warrant.        Derivative Liability          The Company accounts for derivatives in accordance with ASC 815, which establishes accounting and reporting standards for derivative instruments and hedging activities, including certain derivative instruments embedded in other financial instruments or contracts and requires recognition of all derivatives on the balance sheet at fair value, regardless of hedging relationship designation. Accounting for changes in fair value of the derivative instruments depends on whether the derivatives qualify as hedge relationships and the types of relationships designated are based on the exposures hedged. At December 31, 2015 and 2014, the Company did not have any derivative instruments that were designated as hedges.       At December 31, 2014 and through December 22, 2015, the Company had the possibility of exceeding their common shares authorized when considering the number of possible shares that may be issuable to satisfy settlement provisions for all existing instruments that could be settled in shares.        Income Taxes          Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the estimated future tax effects of net operating loss and credit carryforwards and temporary differences between the tax basis of assets and liabilities and their respective financial reporting amounts measured at the current enacted tax rates. The Company records an estimated valuation allowance on its deferred income tax assets if it is not more likely than not that these deferred income tax assets will be realized.       The Company recognizes a tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the consolidated financial statements from such a position are measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. As of December 31, 2015 and 2014, the Company has not recorded any unrecognized tax benefits.       The Company classifies interest expense and any related penalties related to income tax uncertainties as a component of income tax expense. No interest or penalties have been recognized during the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014.                DEBT RESOLVE, INC.      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS      DECEMBER 31, 2015 AND 2014          Advertising Costs          The Company expenses the cost of advertising and promotional of its services when incurred. The advertising costs paid to related party were $2,036,531 and $45,000 for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.  All of which were used for the acquisition of leads for its majority owned subsidiary, Progress Advocates LLC.         Reclassification             The Company has reclassified the presentation of cost of revenue to conform to current period presentation. The reclassification has no effect on the Company's consolidated financial position or the consolidated results of operations as previously reported.        Recent accounting pronouncements          In November 2015, the FASB issued (ASU) 2015-17,  Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes.  Currently deferred taxes for each tax jurisdiction are presented as a net current asset or liability and net noncurrent asset or liability on the balance sheet. To simplify the presentation, the new guidance requires that deferred tax liabilities and assets for all jurisdictions along with any related valuation allowances be classified as noncurrent in a classified statement of financial position. This guidance is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and early adoption is permitted. The Company has adopted this guidance in the fourth quarter of the year ended December 31, 2015 on a retrospective basis. The adoption of this guidance did not have a material impact on the Company's financial position, results of operations or cash flows, and did not have any effect on prior periods due to the full valuation allowance against the Company's net deferred tax assets.        In January 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2016-01, which amends the guidance in U.S. GAAP on the classification and measurement of financial instruments. Changes to the current guidance primarily affect the accounting for equity investments, financial liabilities under the fair value option, and the presentation and disclosure requirements for financial instruments. In addition, the ASU clarifies guidance related to the valuation allowance assessment when recognizing deferred tax assets resulting from unrealized losses on available-for-sale debt securities. The new standard is effective for fiscal years and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2017, and upon adoption, an entity should apply the amendments by means of a cumulative-effect adjustment to the balance sheet at the beginning of the first reporting period in which the guidance is effective. Early adoption is not permitted except for the provision to record fair value changes for financial liabilities under the fair value option resulting from instrument-specific credit risk in other comprehensive income. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting this guidance.       The FASB issued ASU 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842). ASU 2016-01 requires that a lessee recognize the assets and liabilities that arise from operating leases. A lessee should recognize in the statement of financial position a liability to make lease payments (the lease liability) and a right-of-use asset representing its right to use the underlying asset for the lease term. For leases with a term of 12 months or less, a lessee is permitted to make an accounting policy election by class of underlying asset not to recognize lease assets and lease liabilities. In transition, lessees and lessors are required to recognize and measure leases at the beginning of the earliest period presented using a modified retrospective approach. Public business entities should apply the amendments in ASU 2016-02 for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years (i.e., January 1, 2019, for a calendar year entity). Early application is permitted for all public business entities and all nonpublic business entities upon issuance. The Company has not yet determined the effect of the adoption of this standard on the Company's consolidated financial position and results of operations.         There were other various updates recently issued, most of which represented technical corrections to the accounting literature or application to specific industries and are not expected to a have a material impact on the Company's financial position, results of operations or cash flows.                DEBT RESOLVE, INC.      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS      DECEMBER 31, 2015 AND 2014          NOTE 3   GOING CONCERN AND MANAGEMENT'S LIQUIDITY PLANS        The accompanying financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. As shown in the accompanying consolidated financial statements, the Company incurred a net loss of $778,427 and $809,112 for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 respectively. Additionally, the Company has negative working capital (total current liabilities exceeded total current assets) of   $10,313,663   as of December 31, 2015 and is in default on certain debt obligations (see Note 6). These factors among others raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern.      While distributions from the Company's majority owned joint venture have improved liquidity, the Company continues to raise additional funds through private debt offerings to meet short term needs. In addition, the Company is undertaking further steps as part of a plan to improve operations with the goal of sustaining our operations for the next twelve months and beyond and to address its lack of liquidity by raising additional funds, either in the form of debt or equity or some combination thereof. However, there can be no assurance that the Company can successfully accomplish these steps and or business plans, and it is uncertain that the Company will achieve a profitable level of operations and be able to obtain additional financing.        The Company's continued existence is dependent upon management's ability to develop profitable operations and resolve its liquidity problems. The accompanying consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of asset carrying amounts or the amount and classification of liabilities that might result should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern.        NOTE 4   ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE AND DUE TO FACTOR          Accounts receivable are receivables generated from sales to customers and progress billings on performance type contracts. Amounts included in accounts receivable are deemed to be collectible within the Company's operating cycle. Management provides an allowance for doubtful accounts based on the Company's historical losses, specific customer circumstances, and general economic conditions. Periodically, management reviews accounts receivable and adjusts the allowance based on current circumstances and charges off uncollectible receivables when all attempts to collect have been exhausted and the prospects for recovery are remote. As of December 31, 2015 and 2014, the Company's accounts receivable was $3,463,161 and $28,732, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of $600,000 and $-0-, respectively.       The Company's majority owned subsidiary, Progress Advocates LLC entered into a factoring agreement on a recourse basis. The recourse agreement provides for the Company to receive an advance of between 30% - 96% of any accounts receivable that it factors with 62% - 0% held in reserve. The average amount received from these recourse agreements was 50.9% and the average amount reserved was 42.1%. The factoring agreement also provides for discount fees of 4% - 8% of the face value of any accounts receivable factored, plus additional charges for other transaction fees. The agreement may be terminated by either party at any time and will continue unless either party formally cancels. As of December 31, 2015 and 2014, the Company's outstanding obligation under the factoring agreement was $2,442,935 and $-0-, respectively.        NOTE 5   ACCOUNTS PAYABLE AND ACCRUED LIABILITIES          Accounts payable and accrued liabilities as of December 31, 2015 and 2014 are comprised of the following:            During the year ended December 31, 2014, the Company settled an accounts payable of $320 for $-0- resulting in a gain on settlement of debt of $320.       During the year ended December 31  , 2015  , the Company settled or wrote off old outstanding accounts payable for less than the recorded liability and recognized a $650,319 gain on old debt.                    DEBT RESOLVE, INC.      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS      DECEMBER 31, 2015 AND 2014          NOTE 6   NOTES PAYABLE          As of December 31, 2015 and 2014, notes payable are as follows:             Bank loans          On October 7, 2011, a bank loan (unsecured) was issued in the amount of $237,500 at a 6.25% interest rate, with monthly payments of $6,250 matured on December 1, 2014, and guaranteed by a director. During the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, the Company repaid $50,000, and $75,000, respectively. The outstanding balance on the bank loan as of December 31, 2015 and 2014 is $-0- and $50,000, respectively.        Notes payable        On June 1, 2015, the Company issued an unsecured note payable for $50,000 due October 1, 2016 with interest at 12% per annum, paid monthly beginning June 2015 and principal payments beginning October 2015. The outstanding balance as of December 31, 2015 is $45,765.       On July 2, 2015, the Company issued an unsecured note payable for $12,500 due March 15, 2016 with interest at 10% per annum, paid monthly beginning October 2015 and principal payments beginning February 2016.       On August 28, 2015, the Company issued an unsecured note payable for $50,000 due February 28, 2016 with interest at 12% per annum, due at maturity.       On December 17, 2015, the Company issued an unsecured note payable for $50,000 due December 17, 2016 with interest at 12% per annum, paid monthly beginning April 2015 and principal payments beginning October 2016.         Investor notes payable           Investor Note 1          On December 21, 2007, an unaffiliated investor loaned the Company $125,000 on an unsecured 18-month note with a maturity date of June 21, 2009. The note has a provision requiring repayment once the Company has raised an aggregate of $500,000 following issuance of this note. As a result, this note is currently in default as it has not been repaid and the Company reached the $500,000 threshold in September, 2008. The note carries interest at a rate of 12% per annum, with interest accruing and payable at maturity. In conjunction with the note, the Company granted to the investor a warrant to purchase 37,500 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $1.07 and an expiration date of December 21, 2012, which has passed. This note is guaranteed by a stockholder.                DEBT RESOLVE, INC.      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS      DECEMBER 31, 2015 AND 2014         On April 10, 2008, this investor loaned the Company an additional $198,000 on an amendment of the prior unsecured note with a maturity date of June 21, 2009 for payment of the entire balance of the first note plus the amendment ($323,000 total). In February 2010, the Company converted $65,133 principal and $74,867 accrued interest on the note to common stock. In August 2010, the Company repaid $80,000 principal through partial sale of the note. As a result, the remaining balance of the amended note is $177,867. The note carries interest at a rate of 12% per annum, with interest accruing and payable at maturity.       In conjunction with the note, the Company also issued a warrant to purchase 99,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $2.45 and an expiration date of April 10, 2013. This warrant has a cashless exercise feature. The Company also issued 50,000 shares of common stock valued at $122,130 in order to induce the investor to forbear on the note. This note is guaranteed by a stockholder of the Company. The note was amended and maintains the provision requiring repayment of the note upon raising gross proceeds of $500,000 subsequent the issuance of the note. As of December 31, 2015 and 2014, this note is in default.        Investor Note 2          On December 30, 2007, an unaffiliated investor loaned the Company $200,000 on an unsecured 18-month note with a maturity date of June 30, 2009. The note carries interest at a rate of 12% per annum, with interest accruing and payable at maturity. In conjunction with this note, the Company also issued a warrant to purchase 100,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $1.00 and an expiration date of December 30, 2012, which has passed. This note is guaranteed by a stockholder. In 2015, the note holder entered into an agreement whereby their obligation was extended till October 22, 2016. The terms of the agreement included a payment of accrued interest of $4,000.         NOTE 7   NOTES PAYABLE, RELATED PARTIES           As of December 31, 2015 and 2014, notes payable, related parties are as follows:                       DEBT RESOLVE, INC.      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS      DECEMBER 31, 2015 AND 2014              As described in Note 8 below, On July 22, 2010, investors loaned the Company an aggregate of $260,000 on three-year Series C Convertible Notes with an interest rate of 14%, of which $15,000 was a related party. See Note 8 for full details.       On January 14, 2011, a stockholder loaned $6,000 (unsecured) to the Company with a due date of June 30, 2011. The loan had been extended to December 31, 2011. The Company is currently in default. The loan carries interest at the rate of 12% per annum. The lender received a warrant to purchase 60,000 shares of the common stock of the Company at an exercise price of $0.25 per share. The warrant has a five year exercise period. The note was recorded net of a deferred debt discount of $2,220, based on the relative fair value of the warrant. Such discount was amortized over the original term of the note.       On April 14, 2011, a stockholder and Board member loaned $25,000 (unsecured) to the Company with a due date of July 31, 2011. The loan had been extended to December 31, 2011. The Company is currently in default. The loan carries interest at the rate of 12% per annum. The lender received a warrant to purchase 250,000 shares of the common stock of the Company at an exercise price of $0.25 per share. The warrant has a five year exercise period. The Company had recorded a deferred debt discount of $8,850 that was amortized over the original term of the debt.       On April 15, 2011, a stockholder and Board member loaned $25,000 (unsecured) to the Company with a due date of July 31, 2011. The note had been extended to December 31, 2011. The Company is currently in default. The loan carries interest at the rate of 12% per annum. The lender received a warrant to purchase 250,000 shares of the common stock of the Company at an exercise price of $0.25 per share. The warrant has a five year exercise period. The Company had recorded a deferred debt discount of $8,850 that was amortized over the original term of the debt.                 DEBT RESOLVE, INC.      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS      DECEMBER 31, 2015 AND 2014         On May 27, 2011, a stockholder and Board member loaned an additional $15,000 (unsecured) (of which $5,000 has been repaid in 2011 and remainder of $10,000 repaid in 2014) to the Company with a due date of September 30, 2011. The note had been extended to December 31, 2011. The loan carries interest at the rate of 12% per annum. The lender received a warrant to purchase 150,000 shares of the common stock of the Company at an exercise price of $0.25 per share. The warrant has a five year exercise period. The Company had recorded a deferred debt discount of $5,610 that was amortized over the original term of the debt.        On January 18, 2012, a stockholder and Board member loaned $5,000 (unsecured) to the Company with a demand due date. The loan carries interest at the rate of 12% per annum. The lender received a warrant to purchase 50,000 shares of the common stock of the Company at an exercise price of $0.25 per share. The warrant has a five year exercise period. The note was recorded net of a deferred debt discount of $2,495, based on the relative fair value of the warrant. Such discount was charged to operations at issuance.       On January 20, 2012, a stockholder and Board member loaned $5,000 (unsecured) to the Company with a demand due date. The loan carries interest at the rate of 12% per annum. The lender received a warrant to purchase 50,000 shares of the common stock of the Company at an exercise price of $0.25 per share. The warrant has a five year exercise period. The note was recorded net of a deferred debt discount of $2,435, based on the relative fair value of the warrant. Such discount was charged to operations at issuance date.       On May 21, 2012, a stockholder and Board member loaned $18,000 (unsecured) (of which $3,000 has been repaid in 2012) to the Company. The loan was due May 21, 2014 with interest at 12% per annum, and is currently in default.       On May 30, 2012, a stockholder and Board member loaned $20,000 (unsecured) to the Company due March 31, 2013 with interest at 12% per annum, and is currently in default.       As described in Note 8 below, from June 2009 to March 2010, investors loaned the Company an aggregate of $1,237,459 on three year Series A Convertible Notes with an interest rate of 14%, of which $20,000 was a related party note. See Note 8 for full description.       On July 6, 2012, a stockholder and Board member loaned $10,000 (unsecured) to the Company due July 6, 2014 with interest at 12% per annum and convertible into the Company's common stock at $0.10 per share at the holder's option. The Company determined there was no beneficial conversion feature at the time of issuance. The Company did not make payment on the maturity date, therefore the note is currently in default.       On July 6, 2012, a stockholder and Board member loaned $20,000 (unsecured) to the Company due July 6, 2014 with interest at 12% per annum and convertible into the Company's common stock at $0.10 per share at the holder's option. The Company determined there was no beneficial conversion feature at the time of issuance. The Company did not make payment on the maturity date, therefore the note is currently in default.       On July 10, 2012, a stockholder and Board member loaned $15,000 (unsecured) to the Company due July 10, 2014 with interest at 12% per annum and convertible into the Company's common stock at $0.10 per share at the holder's option. The Company determined there was no beneficial conversion feature at the time of issuance. The Company did not make payment on the maturity date, therefore the note is currently in default.       On September 14, 2012, a stockholder and Board member loaned $6,000 (unsecured) to the Company due September 14, 2014 with interest at 12% per annum. The Company did not make payment on the maturity date, therefore the note is currently in default.                    DEBT RESOLVE, INC.      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS      DECEMBER 31, 2015 AND 2014          On September 7, 2012, a stockholder and Board member loaned $43,000 (unsecured) to the Company due September 7, 2014 with interest at 12% per annum and convertible into the Company's common stock at $0.10 per share at the holder's option. The Company determined there was no beneficial conversion feature at the time of issuance. The Company did not make payment on the maturity date, therefore the note is currently in default.       On October 4, 2012, a stockholder and Board member loaned $50,000 (unsecured) to the Company due October 4, 2014 with interest at 12% per annum and convertible into the Company's common stock at $0.10 per share at the holder's option. The Company determined there was no beneficial conversion feature at the time of issuance. The Company did not make payment on the maturity date, therefore the note is currently in default.       On September 5, 2013, a stockholder and Board member loaned $10,000 (unsecured) to the Company due September 5, 2015 with interest at 10% per annum and convertible into the Company's common stock at $0.10 per share at the holder's option. The Company determined there was no beneficial conversion feature at the time of issuance. The company did not make payment on the maturity date, therefore the note is currently in default.       On September 16, 2013, a stockholder and Board member loaned $3,000 (unsecured) to the Company due September 16, 2015 with interest at 12% per annum and convertible into the Company's common stock at $0.10 per share at the holder's option. The Company determined there was no beneficial conversion feature at the time of issuance. The company did not make payment on the maturity date, therefore the note is currently in default.       On September 17, 2013, a stockholder and Board member loaned $5,221 (unsecured) to the Company due September 17, 2014 with interest at 12% per annum. The company did not make payment on the maturity date, therefore the note is currently in default.       On October 24, 2013, a stockholder and Board member loaned $30,000 (unsecured) to the Company due October 24, 2016 with interest at 10% per annum.       On November 7, 2013, a stockholder and board member loaned $40,000 (unsecured) to the Company due November 7, 2017 with interest at 10% per annum.       On December 6, 2013, a stockholder and Board member loaned $5,000 (unsecured) to the Company due December 6, 2016 with interest at 12% per annum.       On December 18, 2013, a stockholder and Board member loaned $30,000 (unsecured) to the Company due December 18, 2018 with interest at 10% per annum.       On January 9, 2014, a stockholder and Board member loaned $25,000 (unsecured) to the Company due January 9, 2016 with interest at 10% per annum.       On February 28, 2014, the Company issued a $200,000 secured convertible note that matures on February 28, 2016. The note bears interest at a rate of 10% and can be convertible into shares of the Company's common stock, at a conversion rate of $0.05 per share. Interest will also be converted into common stock at the conversion rate of $0.05 per share. In connection with the issuance of the convertible note, the Company issued an aggregate of 2,000,000 warrants to purchase the Company's common stock at $0.15 per share over three years.       On April 24, 2014, the Company issued a $25,000 secured convertible note that matures on April 24, 2016. The note bears interest at a rate of 10% and can be convertible into shares of the Company's common stock, at a conversion rate of $0.05 per share. Interest will also be converted into common stock at the conversion rate of $0.05 per share. In connection with the issuance of the convertible note, the Company issued an aggregate of 250,000 warrants to purchase the Company's common stock at $0.15 per share over three years.                DEBT RESOLVE, INC.      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS      DECEMBER 31, 2015 AND 2014       On November 7, 2014, the Company issued a $25,000 secured convertible note that matures on November 7, 2016. The note bears interest at a rate of 10% and can be convertible into shares of the Company's common stock, at a conversion rate of $0.05 per share. Interest will also be converted into common stock at the conversion rate of $0.05 per share. In connection with the issuance of the convertible note, the Company issued an aggregate of 250,000 warrants to purchase the Company's common stock at $0.15 per share over three years.       On December 4, 2014, the Company issued two $25,000 secured convertible notes that mature on December 4, 2016. The notes bear interest at a rate of 10% and can be convertible into shares of the Company's common stock, at a conversion rate of $0.05 per share. Interest will also be converted into common stock at the conversion rate of $0.05 per share. In connection with the issuance of the convertible note, the Company issued an aggregate of 500,000 warrants to purchase the Company's common stock at $0.15 per share over three years.       On January 25, 2015, a stockholder and Board member loaned $25,000 (unsecured) to the Company due April 25, 2016 with interest at 10% per annum.       On June 18, 2015, a stockholder and Board member loaned $25,000 (unsecured) to the Company due April 21, 2016 with interest at 10% per annum       On July 13, 2015, a stockholder and Board member loaned $12,500 (unsecured) to the Company due July 12, 2016 with interest at 12% per annum.       On August 5, 2015, a stockholder and Board member loaned $25,000 (unsecured) to the Company due January 1, 2016 with interest at 10% per annum with interest paid monthly for August and September 2015 and principal and interest payable from October through December 2015.       On August 19, 2015, a stockholder and Board member loaned $50,000 (unsecured) to the Company due February 19, 2016 with interest at 10% per annum.       On March 3, 2015, the Company issued a $50,000 secured convertible note that matures on March 3, 2017. The note bears interest at a rate of 10% and can be convertible into shares of the Company's common stock, at a conversion rate of $0.05 per share. Interest will also be converted into common stock at the conversion rate of $0.05 per share. In connection with the issuance of the convertible note, the Company issued an aggregate of 750,000 warrants to purchase the Company's common stock at $0.15 per share over three years.       On May 12, 2015, the Company issued a $20,000 secured convertible note that matures on May 12, 2017. The note bears interest at a rate of 10% and can be convertible into shares of the Company's common stock, at a conversion rate of $0.05 per share. Interest will also be converted into common stock at the conversion rate of $0.05 per share. In connection with the issuance of the convertible note, the Company issued an aggregate of 300,000 warrants to purchase the Company's common stock at $0.15 per share over three years.       In accordance with ASC 470-20, the Company recognized the value attributable to the warrants and the conversion feature in the aggregate amount of $5,713 and $37,830 to additional paid in capital and a discount against the 2014 and 2015 notes, respectively. The Company valued the warrants in accordance with ASC 470-20 using the Black-Scholes pricing model and the following assumptions: contractual terms of 3 years, a risk free interest rate of 0.69% to 1.09%, a dividend yield of 0%, and volatility of 289.98.76% to 317.93%. The debt discount attributed to the value of the warrants and conversion feature issued is amortized over the note's maturity period (two years) as interest expense.       For the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, the Company amortized $21,169 and $12,819 of debt discount to operations as interest expense.                DEBT RESOLVE, INC.      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS      DECEMBER 31, 2015 AND 2014         Total unpaid accrued interest on the notes payable to related parties as of December 31, 2015 and 2014 was $233,856 and $143,526, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2014 and 2013, the Company recorded interest expense of $90,508 and $69,738, respectively, in connection with the notes payable to related parties.       Aggregate maturities of long-term debt as of December 31:             NOTE 8   LINE OF CREDIT- RELATED PARTY          On January 25, 2015, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note to certain members of the Company's board of directors who provided the Company a line of credit up to $400,000 for working capital over a term of four years with an annualized interest rate of 5.25%. The promissory note is due 30 days upon written demand however, the Company is obligated to make monthly payments of principal and interest necessary to meet the minimal monthly principal and interest payments required by the bank on loans the lenders obtained to provide the financing. As of December 31, 2015, the outstanding balance on this loan was $397,893.       On September 24, 2009, the Company entered into an unsecured short term loan with a stockholder for $150,000 to be used to discharge the bridge loans of another investor. Borrowings under the loan bear interest at 12% per annum, with interest accrued and payable on maturity. The Note was due on November 24, 2009 and is still outstanding. In conjunction with this line of credit, the Company also issued a warrant to purchase 150,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.15 per share with an expiration date of September 24, 2014. On April 6, 2010, a partial repayment of $25,000 of principal was paid. Also, as a result of the delinquent repayment of the note, a penalty of $69,000 was incurred on April 15, 2010. On August 17, 2010, a partial payment of $50,000 of principal was made on the line of credit. Unpaid accrued interest on this loan as of December 31, 2015 and 2014 was $119,239 and $101,119, respectively.       As of December 31, 2015 and 2014, the outstanding balance on this loan was $151,000. Since the loan matured on November 24, 2009, it is currently in default. During the year ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, the Company recorded $18,120 and $18,120, respectively, as interest expense.        NOTE 9   CONVERTIBLE NOTES          Convertible notes of non-related party investors are comprised of the following:                       DEBT RESOLVE, INC.      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS      DECEMBER 31, 2015 AND 2014          Series A Convertible Notes          From June 2009 to March 2010, unaffiliated investors loaned the Company an aggregate of $1,217,459 (excluding $20,000 related party, see Note 7) on three-year Series A Convertible Notes with an interest rate of 14%. The interest accrues and is payable at maturity, which range in dates from August 2012 to March 2013. The conversion price is set at $0.15 per share. The Notes carry a first lien security interest in all of the assets of the Company. In addition, the investors received 12,174,590 warrants to purchase the common stock of the Company at an exercise price of $1.00. On January 21, 2010, the exercise price was reduced to $0.40 due to certain provisions of the warrants. The exercise period of the warrants is five years. The notes were recorded net of a deferred debt discount of $1,143,268, based on the relative fair value of the warrants under the Black-Scholes pricing model. Such discount was amortized over the term of the notes.        Certain convertible note holders, representing an aggregate of $734,500 of these notes entered, into an agreement in December 2014 through February 2015 whereby their obligations were extended for a period of 18 months from the date of execution of the agreement. The terms of the agreement included a payment of accrued interest of $500 for every $25,000 of outstanding principal. All other terms (including any amendments or earlier extensions) of the notes remain the same. The remaining convertible note holders representing an aggregate balance of $82,500 are in default.        Series B Convertible Notes          During year ended December 31, 2010, unaffiliated investors loaned the Company an aggregate of $275,000 on three-year Series B Convertible Notes with an interest rate of 14%. During the year ended December 31, 2010, $50,000 was repaid in cash, leaving a balance of $225,000 on these notes at December 31, 2011 and 2010. The interest accrues and is payable at maturity. The conversion price is set at $0.15 per share. The Notes carry a first lien security interest in all of the assets of the Company with the Series A notes above. In addition, at conversion, the investors will receive 900,000 warrants to purchase the common stock of the Company at an exercise price of $0.40 per share. The warrants are callable when the Company's stock trades above $0.75 per share for 10 consecutive trading days.       The notes were recorded net of a deferred debt discount of $264,324, based on the relative fair value of the warrants under the Black-Scholes pricing model. Such discount was amortized over the term of the notes.       Certain convertible note holders, representing an aggregate of $175,000 of these notes entered, into an agreement in December 2014 through March 2015 whereby their obligations were extended for a period of 18 months from the date of execution of the agreement. The terms of the agreement included a payment of accrued interest of $500 for every $25,000 of outstanding principal. All other terms (including any amendments or earlier extensions) of the notes remain the same. The remaining convertible note holders representing an aggregate balance of $50,000 are in default.        Series C Convertible Notes          During the year ended December 31, 2010, unaffiliated investors loaned the Company an aggregate of $260,000 (excluding $15,000 related party, see Note 6) on three-year Series C Convertible Notes with an interest rate of 14%. The interest accrues and is payable at maturity. The conversion price was set at $0.15 per share. The notes carry a first lien security interest with the Series A and B notes above in all of the assets of the Company. In addition, the investors received 2,641,670 warrants to purchase the common stock of the Company at an exercise price of $0.40 per share. The series C notes have a "ratchet" provision resetting the conversion price to $0.10 and the warrant exercise price to $0.25 on the first closing of a subsequent offering with those terms. This "ratchet" was triggered on August 12, 2010 with the completion of the minimum closing of $1,500,000 on a $3,000,000 private placement.                DEBT RESOLVE, INC.      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS      DECEMBER 31, 2015 AND 2014         Additionally, as a result of the delay in filing a registration statement on the aforementioned private placement", the Series C Warrants have become "cashless", along with the warrants from the aforementioned private placement. There is no further effect from this "ratchet" event. The notes were recorded net of a deferred debt discount of $215,940, based on the relative fair value of the warrants under the Black-Scholes pricing model. Such discount was amortized over the term of the notes.       Certain convertible note holders, representing an aggregate of $155,000 of these notes entered, into an agreement in December 2014 through February 2015 whereby their obligations were extended for a period of 18 months from the date of execution of the agreement. The terms of the agreement included a payment of accrued interest of $500 for every $25,000 of outstanding principal. All other terms (including any amendments or earlier extensions) of the notes remain the same. The remaining convertible note holders representing an aggregate balance of $90,000 are in default.        Series D Convertible Notes          During the year ended December 31, 2011, the Company issued an aggregate of $25,000 of Series D Convertible Notes with an interest rate of 14% due three years from the date of issuance. The interest accrues and is payable at maturity. The conversion price is set at $0.12 per share. The investors have a second lien position behind the Series A, B and C notes. In addition, the investors received 250,000 warrants to purchase the common stock of the Company at an exercise price of $0.30 per share over five years. The notes were recorded net of deferred debt discount of $10,271 based on the relative fair value of the warrants under the Black-Scholes pricing model. Such discount is being amortized over the term of the notes. During the year ended December 31, 2014 and 2013, the Company recorded amortization of the debt discount relating to these notes of $285 and $3,424, respectively.       On July 21, 2014, the Company issued 49,379 shares of its common stock in settlement of $4,000 Series D Convertible Note payable and related accrued interest of $1,925.       Certain convertible note holders, representing an aggregate of $15,000 of these notes entered, into an agreement in December 2014 through February 2015 whereby their obligations were extended for a period of 18 months from the date of execution of the agreement. The terms of the agreement included a payment of accrued interest of $500 for every $25,000 of outstanding principal. All other terms (including any amendments or earlier extensions) of the notes remain the same. The remaining convertible note holders representing an aggregate balance of $6,000 are in default. Additionally, one note holder has filed liens against the Company on his behalf and two of his affiliates to secure payment of the obligations.       In 2014, the Company issued an aggregate of $1,050,000 (excluding $300,000 related party, see Note 7) in secured convertible notes that mature two years from the date of issuance (from January 2016 through December 2016). The notes bear interest at a rate of 10% and can be convertible into shares of the Company's common stock, at a conversion rate of $0.05 per share. Interest will also be converted into common stock at the conversion rate of $0.05 per share. In connection with the issuance of the convertible notes, the Company issued an aggregate of 7,500,000 warrants to purchase the Company's common stock at $0.15 per share over three years.       In accordance with ASC 470-20, the Company recognized the value attributable to the warrants and the conversion feature in the amount of $113,146 to additional paid in capital and a discount against the 2014 notes. The Company valued the warrants in accordance with ASC 470-20 using the Black-Scholes pricing model and the following assumptions: contractual terms of 3 years, an average risk free interest rate from 0.69% to 1.10%, a dividend yield of 0%, and volatility of 287.80% to 319.28%. The debt discount attributed to the value of the warrants and conversion feature issued is amortized over the note's maturity period (two years) as interest expense.                DEBT RESOLVE, INC.      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS      DECEMBER 31, 2015 AND 2014         In 2015, the Company issued an aggregate of $325,000 in secured convertible notes that mature two years from the date of issuance (from February 2017 through December 2017). The notes bear interest at a rate of 10% and can be convertible into shares of the Company's common stock, at a conversion rate of $0.05 per share. Interest will also be converted into common stock at the conversion rate of $0.05 per share. In connection with the issuance of the convertible notes, the Company issued an aggregate of 4,500,000 warrants to purchase the Company's common stock at $0.15 per share over three years.       In accordance with ASC 470-20, the Company recognized the value attributable to the warrants and the conversion feature in the amount of $86,382 to additional paid in capital and a discount against the notes. The Company valued the warrants in accordance with ASC 470-20 using the Black-Scholes pricing model and the following assumptions: contractual terms of 3 years, an average risk free interest rate from 0.63% to 1.25%, a dividend yield of 0%, and volatility of 307.16% to 356.55%. The debt discount attributed to the value of the warrants and conversion feature issued is amortized over the note's maturity period (two years) as interest expense.       For the year ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, the Company amortized $74,258 and $33,227 of debt discount to current period operations as interest expense.       Aggregate maturities of long-term debt as of December 31:             NOTE 10   DERIVATIVE LIABILITIES           Excessive committed shares          Beginning on April 11, 2013 through December 22, 2015, in connection with the previously issued convertible debt, stock options and warrants, the Company had the possibility of exceeding their common shares authorized when considering the number of possible shares that may be issuable to satisfy settlement provisions of these agreements after consideration of all existing instruments that could be settled in shares. This resulted in a derivative liability as a result of the Company having a potential to settle the obligation to issue these excess shares. The accounting treatment of derivative financial instruments required that the Company reclassify the derivative from equity to a liability at their fair values as of the date possible issuable shares exceeded the authorized level and at fair value as of each subsequent balance sheet date. On December 22, 2015, the Company amended the Articles of Incorporation to increase of authorized shares of common stock from 200,000,000 to 500,000,000 thereby having sufficient authorized common shares to meet any settlement provisions.        The Company recognizes its derivative liabilities as level 3 and values its derivatives using the methods discussed below. While the Company believes that its valuation methods are appropriate and consistent with other market participants, it recognizes that the use of different methodologies or assumptions to determine the fair value of certain financial instruments could result in a different estimate of fair value at the reporting date. The primary assumptions that would significantly affect the fair values using the methods discussed are that of volatility and market price of the underlying common stock of the Company.       During the year ended December 31, 2015, the fair value of the net derivative liabilities reclassified from equity of $628,457 was determined using the Black Scholes Option Pricing model with the following assumptions: dividend yield: 0%; volatility: 306.06% to 351.47%; risk free rate: 0.01% to 1.88%; and expected life: 0.09 to 5.00 years.                DEBT RESOLVE, INC.      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS      DECEMBER 31, 2015 AND 2014         During the year ended December 31, 2014, the fair value of the net derivative liabilities reclassified from equity of $703,566 was determined using the Black Scholes Option Pricing model with the following assumptions: dividend yield: 0%; volatility: 289.46% to 305.91%; risk free rate: 0.14% to 2.14%; and expected life: 2.00 to 5.00 years.       At December 22, 2015, the fair value of the derivative liabilities of $583,071, determined using the Black Scholes Option Pricing model with the following assumptions: dividend yield: 0%; volatility: 333.28%; risk free rate: 0.19% to 0.99%; and expected life: 0.13 to 2.31 years, was reclassified to equity upon the increase in common share authorization.       At December 31, 2014, the fair value of the derivative liabilities of $336,582 was determined using the Black Scholes Option Pricing model with the following assumptions: dividend yield: 0%; volatility: 308.55%; risk free rate: 0.67% to 1.10%; and expected life: 2.08 to 3.29 years.       As of December 31, 2015 and 2014, the Company did not have any derivative instruments that were designated as hedges.       The derivative liability as of December 31, 2014, in the amount of $336,582 has a level 3 classification. At December 31, 2015, the Company did not have any level 3 classifications.       The following table provides a summary of changes in fair value of the Company's Level 3 financial liabilities as of two years ended December 31, 2015:            Fluctuations in the Company's stock price are a primary driver for the changes in the derivative valuations during each reporting period. The Company's stock price decreased by 33% from December 31, 2013 to December 22, 2015. As the stock price decreases for each of the related derivative instruments, the value to the holder of the instrument generally decreases, therefore decreasing the liability on the Company's consolidated balance sheet. Additionally, stock price volatility is one of the significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement of each of the Company's derivative instruments. The simulated fair value of these liabilities is sensitive to changes in the Company's expected volatility. Increases in expected volatility would generally result in higher fair value measurement. A 10% change in pricing inputs and changes in volatilities and correlation factors would not result in a material change in our Level 3 fair value.                DEBT RESOLVE, INC.      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS      DECEMBER 31, 2015 AND 2014          NOTE 11   STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY           Preferred Stock          At December 31, 2015 and 2014, the Company has authorized 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.001, of which -0- and 595,000- are issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively.       On May 2, 2014, the Company's board of directors designated 5,000,000 shares of its preferred stock as Series A Convertible Stock ("Series A") with a $0.001 par value. The Series A preferred stock which has rank senior to common and all other preferred stock of the corporation and equal or junior to any preferred stock that may be issued in regard to liquidation; not entitled to dividends and is convertible, at the holders' option, at 10 shares of common stock for each share of Series A preferred stock.       On July 10, 2014, the Company issued an aggregate of 595,000 shares of its Series A Convertible Stock as payment for services rendered valued at $178,500. The Series A Convertible Stock was valued based on the underlying fair value of the Company's common stock.       On July 7, 2015, the Company issued 47,500 shares of its Series A Convertible Stock as payment for services rendered valued at $2,850.       In October 2015, the Company issued an aggregate of 6,425,000 shares of its common stock in exchange of 642,500 shares of Series A Convertible Stock.        Common stock           At December 31, 2015 and 2014, the Company has authorized 500,000,000 and 200,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.001, of which 104,612,082 and 98,187,082 are issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.        On December 22, 2015, the Company filed with the State of Delaware to amend the Articles of Incorporation to increase authorized shares of common stock from 200,000,000 to 500,000,000.        NOTE 12   WARRANTS AND OPTIONS           Common stock warrants          The following table summarizes warrants outstanding and related prices for the shares of the Company's common stock issued to shareholders at December 31, 2015:                       DEBT RESOLVE, INC.      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS      DECEMBER 31, 2015 AND 2014         Transactions involving the Company's warrant issuance are summarized as follows:            In conjunction with the issuance of convertible notes, during the year ended December 31, 2014, the Company issued an aggregate of warrants to purchase 10,500,000 shares of common stock with an exercise price of $0.15 per share expiring three years from the date of issuance. Please see Notes 7 and 9.       In conjunction with the issuance of convertible notes, during the year ended December 31, 2015, the Company issued an aggregate of warrants to purchase 5,550,000 shares of common stock with an exercise price of $0.15 per share expiring three years from the date of issuance. Please see Notes 7 and 9.       On August 12, 2015, the Company repriced to $0.10 and extended for the three years an aggregate of 11,925,000 expiring warrants previously issued to Board Members. The change in fair value of the extended warrants were valued using the Black Sholes option pricing method with the following assumptions: dividend yield $-0-, volatility of underlying common stock of 349.90%, risk free rate of 1.88% and expected life of 3.00 years. The determined estimated fair value of $100,276 was charged to operations during the year ended December 31, 2015.         Preferred stock warrants          The following table summarizes warrants outstanding and related prices for the shares of the Company's Series A convertible preferred stock issued at December 31, 2015:                  DEBT RESOLVE, INC.      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS      DECEMBER 31, 2015 AND 2014        Transactions involving the Company's warrant issuance are summarized as follows:            In 2014, the Company issued an aggregate 414,500 preferred stock warrants in connection with services provided. The warrants are exercisable for three to five years from the date of issuance at an exercise prices from $0.50 to $1.50 per preferred share. The warrants were valued using the Black Sholes option pricing method with the following assumptions: dividend yield $-0-, volatility of 287.80% to 319.28%, risk free rate of 0.77% to 1.67% and expected life of 3.00 to 5.00 years. The determined estimated fair value of $107,732 was charged to operations during the year ended December 31, 2014.       In connection with entering into the Progress Advocates LLC joint venture with LSH, LLC, the Company issued to LSH, LLC two five-year warrants to purchase an aggregate of 1,500,000 shares of series A convertible preferred stock of Debt Resolve at an exercise price of $0.50 per preferred share. The first warrant for 1,000,000 shares of Debt Resolve preferred stock vests and becomes exercisable 25% upon issuance and the balance upon the achievement by Progress Advocates of specific increasing revenue goals. The second warrant for 500,000 shares of Debt Resolve preferred stock vests and becomes exercisable when Progress Advocates achieves at least $1,000,000 in cumulative "operating income." The vested warrants were valued using the Black Sholes option pricing method with the following assumptions: dividend yield $-0-, volatility of 290.46% to 350.93%, risk free rate of 1.43% to 1.54% and expected life of 4.27 to 5.00 years. The determined estimated fair value of $108,672 and $29,933 was recorded as compensation in majority owned subsidiary during the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014.       On October 5, 2015, the Company issued LSH, LLC a five year warrant to purchase 500,000 shares of series A convertible stock of Debt Resolve at an exercise price of $0.50 per preferred share. The warrant is contingent upon Progress Advocates, LLC achieving operational goals, as defined.       During the year ended December 31, 2015, the Company issued an aggregate 205,000 Series A convertible preferred stock warrants in connection with services provided of which 95,000 were subsequently canceled. The warrants are exercisable for three to five years from the date of issuance at an exercise prices from $0.50 to $1.50 per preferred share. The warrants were valued using the Black Sholes option pricing method with the following assumptions: dividend yield $-0-, volatility of underlying common stock of 306.06% to 355.95%, risk free rate of 0.59% to 1.33% and expected life of 3.00 to 5.00 years. The determined estimated fair value of $17,306 was charged to operations during the year ended December 31, 2015.                DEBT RESOLVE, INC.      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS      DECEMBER 31, 2015 AND 2014          Options          The following table summarizes options outstanding and related prices for the shares of the Company's common stock issued at December 31, 2015:            Transactions involving the Company's option issuance are summarized as follows:            In 2014, the Board granted stock options to purchase 3,000,000 shares of common stock of the Company at exercise price of $0.015 with exercise period of seven years to an officer employee, vesting 1/3 each year for three years.       In 2014, the Board granted stock options to purchase 250,000 shares of common stock of the Company at exercise price of $0.02 with exercise period of seven years to a consultant, fully vested at the date of issuance.       In 2015, the Board granted stock options to purchase 250,000 shares of common stock of the Company at exercise price of $0.025 with exercise period of seven years to a new board member, fully vested at the date of issuance.       The fair value of the options issued to employees and consultants were determined using the Black-Scholes option pricing method with the following assumptions: Dividend yield: 0%; Volatility: 304.56% to 350.51%; and Risk Free rate: 2.13% to 2.14%.       Total stock-based compensation expense for options for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 amounted to $21,250 and $17,500, respectively.                DEBT RESOLVE, INC.      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS      DECEMBER 31, 2015 AND 2014          NOTE 13   COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES           Litigation:          On July 17, 2008, Dreier LLP, a law firm, filed a complaint in the Supreme Court of New York, County of New York, seeking damages of $311,023 plus interest for legal services allegedly rendered to us. The complaint was answered on August 14, 2008 raising various affirmative defenses. On December 16, 2008, Dreier LLP filed for bankruptcy in the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York. A settlement was reached on September 30, 2014 requiring the Company to pay $22,500 of installment payments. Installment payments totaling $15,000 were made during 2014. The remaining installment payments, totaling $7,500, were made in 2015. The full amount of the original dispute, less the $15,000 of installment payments made during 2014, is included in the Company's accounts payable at December 31, 2014. The remaining balance was paid in 2015.       From time to time, the Company is involved in various litigation matters in the ordinary course of business. In the opinion of management, the ultimate disposition of these matters will not have a material adverse effect on the Company's consolidated financial position or results of operations.        Payroll and Payroll taxes          Due to a lack of capital, the Company has been unable to pay all of the compensation owed to its employees. In addition, in 2011, 2012 and the first quarter of 2013, the Company did not pay certain federal and state payroll tax obligations due for employees' compensation, and they have become delinquent. As a result, the Company has included in accrued expenses an amount of approximately $99,861 that represents an estimate that could be expected upon settlement of these payroll taxes with the respective taxing authorities. In April, 2015, an agreement was reached with the IRS that details an agreed upon amount owed and a 17 month payment plan for same. In addition, the Company has contacted the state involved and anticipates settlement discussions in the near future.         Employment agreement          On March 1, 2014, the Company appointed Stanley E. Freimuth as Chief Executive Officer of the Company with an initial term of three years and monthly compensation of $17,500. In addition, Mr. Freimuth received 5,000,000 shares of the Company's common stock for which was exchanged for 500,000 shares of series A convertible preferred stock issued per board resolution, options to purchase 3,000,000 shares of the common stock exercisable at $0.015 per share for 7 years, vesting over three years on anniversary, and a $25,000 sign on bonus.        Lawsuits from Noteholders            On July 20, 2015, the Company received a complaint concerning a promissory note dated December 21, 2007 that matured on June 21, 2009 (See Note 17   Subsequent Events).           New York State Attorney General Subpoena        In December, the Company and Progress Advocates, its majority owned subsidiary, received a subpoena requesting documents regarding the operations of Progress Advocates. This request was one of several requests sent to companies operating in the Federal Student Loan document preparation space in New York State. We have provided the requested information and will continue to respond to all requests for more information. We are confident that our compliance with payments aligned to the consumer's receipt of benefit and our responsible marketing will be accurately conveyed by these information exchanges.                DEBT RESOLVE, INC.      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS      DECEMBER 31, 2015 AND 2014          Operating leases          The Company currently occupies office space at 1133 Westchester Avenue, Suite S-223, White Plains, NY 10604, under a short term lease with an unaffiliated third party. The monthly rent is $3,500 and can be terminated with a sixty day notice.         NOTE 14   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS          During the year ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, certain Company directors personally guarantee the Company's notes payable and its' bank loan (Note 8). Also, certain directors and officers made short-term or longer term loans as discussed in Note 7. Total interest expense in connection with notes payable to related parties and related party line of credits amounted $108,628 and $87,858 for the year ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively (Note 7 and Note 8).         Progressive Advocates        The Company reimburses the 49% owner (non-controlling interest party) for payroll, marketing and general expenses incurred by Progressive Advocates. For the year ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, the Company reimbursed approximately $3.8 million and $-0- in incurred costs, respectively.         NOTE 15   NON CONTROLLING INTEREST          In December 2014, the Company organized Progress Advocates, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company for the purpose to provide services in the student loan document preparation industry. At the time of formation, Progress Advocates, LLC did not have any significant assets or liabilities. In connection with entering into the Progress Advocates LLC joint venture with LSH, LLC (minority owner), the Company issued to LSH, LLC two five-year warrants to purchase an aggregate of 1,500,000 shares of series A convertible preferred stock of Debt Resolve at an exercise price of $0.50 per preferred share (Note 11).       A reconciliation of the non-controlling loss attributable to the Company:       Net loss attributable to non-controlling interest for the year ended December 31, 2015:            Net loss attributable to non-controlling interest for the year ended December 31, 2014:                 DEBT RESOLVE, INC.      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS      DECEMBER 31, 2015 AND 2014        The following table summarizes the changes in non-controlling interest from December 31, 2013 to December 31, 2015:             NOTE 16   INCOME TAXES          The Company follows Accounting Standards Codification subtopic 740, Income Taxes ("ASC 740") which requires the recognition of deferred tax liabilities and assets for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the consolidated financial statements or tax returns. Under such method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse.       The difference between income tax expense computed by applying the federal statutory corporate tax rate and actual income tax expense is as follows:            The significant components of the deferred tax assets (liabilities) at December 31, 2015 and 2014, are summarized as follows:                       DEBT RESOLVE, INC.      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS      DECEMBER 31, 2015 AND 2014         As of December 31, 2015 and 2014, the Company had U.S. federal and state net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $32.5 million and $32.68 million, respectively, which expire at various dates from 2024 through 2035. These net operating loss carryforwards may be used to offset future taxable income and thereby reduce the Company's U.S. federal income taxes. Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") imposes an annual limit on the ability of a corporation that undergoes a greater than 50% ownership change to use its net operating loss carry forwards to reduce its tax liability. The Company may be subject to a limitation as a result of the Company's initial public offering in 2006 and other transactions related to its stock ownership. These potential limitations could affect the utilization of the carryforwards prior to their expiration.       The Company has provided a full valuation allowance against its net deferred tax assets, since in the opinion of management based upon the earnings history of the Company; it is more likely than not that the benefits of these assets will not be realized.       The Company complies with the provisions of FASB ASC 740-10 in accounting for its uncertain tax positions. ASC 740-10 addresses the determination of whether tax benefits claimed or expected to be claimed on a tax return should be recorded in the financial statements. Under ASC 740-10, the Company may recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely that not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. Management has determined that the Company has no significant uncertain tax positions requiring recognition under ASC 740-10.       The Company is subject to income tax in the U.S., and certain state jurisdictions. The Company has not been audited by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service, or any states in connection with income taxes. The periods from December 31, 2013 to December 31, 2015 remain open to examination by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service, and state tax authorities. The periods from December 31, 2005 to December 31, 2012 are subject to examination up to the net operating loss.       The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits, if incurred, as a component of income tax expense.         NOTE 17   RESTATEMENT OF DECEMBER 31, 2015 BALANCE SHEET             The accompanying consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2015 has been restated for the purpose of correcting an error in classification of accounts receivable, trade between long-term and short-term assets.         Accordingly, the Company restated the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2015 by disclosing this error in this Form 10-K/A.         The changes in the reported amounts are summarized in the following reconciliation of the Company s restated consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2015:                       NOTE 18   SUBSEQUENT EVENTS         Debt:      In January 2016, the Company issued a convertible note of $25,000 due two years from the date of issuance with interest, due at maturity, of 10% per annum. In January, 2016, the Company issued a promissory note of $50,000 due 12 months from the date of issuance with interest due commencing at month 4 at 12% per annum. In February, 2016, the Company issued a promissory note of $25,000 due 12 months from the date of issuance with interest due commencing at month 4 at 12% per annum. In February 2016, the Company issued a convertible note of $47,000 due two years from the date of issuance with interest, due at maturity, of 10% per annum. In April, 2016, the Company issued an aggregate of $100,000 in convertible notes due two years from the date of issuance with interest, due at maturity, of 10% per annum.       Litigation:      On April 11, 2016, a Decision was entered in the matter of a noteholder's claim (as described in Part 1, Item 3 under "Legal Proceedings -Lawsuits from Noteholders") against Debt Resolve Inc., granting the noteholder's motion for summary judgment in part, and denying it in part, and denying Debt Resolve's cross motion for summary judgment. No damages have been determined against Debt Resolve on the noteholder's claims as of yet and Debt Resolve is evaluating its alternatives, including an appeal of the Court's Decision.          F-35    

<EX-31.1>
 2
 drsv_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
   drsv_ex311.htm       EXHIBIT 31.1                CERTIFICATION          I, Bruce E. Bellmare., certify that:              1.    I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Debt Resolve, Inc.           2.    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report.           3.    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report.           4.    The registrant's other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:                    a.    designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;               b.    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;               c.    evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and               d.    disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.                  5.    The registrant's other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing equivalent functions):                      a.    all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and               b.    any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.                    Dated: December 2, 2016    By:     /s/ Bruce E. Bellmare                      Bruce E. Bellmare                     Chief Executive Officer/Chief Accounting Officer             

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 drsv_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
   drsv_ex321.htm       EXHIBIT 32.1           CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO      18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,      AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO      SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002          In connection with the Annual Report of Debt Resolve, Inc. (the "Company") on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"), I, Bruce E. Bellmare, Chief Executive Officer and Acting Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge and belief:                1.    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and               2.    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company.                             Dated: December 2, 2016    By:     /s/ Bruce E. Bellmare                      Bruce E. Bellmare                     Chief Executive Officer/Chief Accounting Officer             

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 4
 drsv-20151231.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 drsv-20151231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 drsv-20151231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 drsv-20151231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 drsv-20151231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 drsv-20151231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

