<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161103_10-Q_edgar_data_1012771_0001012771-16-000069_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>16419235</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>113727</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>620671</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6755355</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>6967242</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1591046</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>85</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001012771-16-000069.hdr.sgml : 20161103
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161103161905
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001012771-16-000069
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		66
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161103
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161103

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FBL FINANCIAL GROUP INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001012771
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	LIFE INSURANCE [6311]
		IRS NUMBER:				421411715
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			IA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-11917
		FILM NUMBER:		161971852

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5400 UNIVERSITY AVE
		CITY:			WEST DES MOINES
		STATE:			IA
		ZIP:			50266
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5152255400

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001012771-16-000069.txt : 20161103

10-Q
 1
 fbl10qq32016.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D. C. 20549  
    
  FORM 10-Q  
    
                   (Mark one) 

[X] 
      
    QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 

or 

[  ] 
      
    TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from____________________ to____________________ 

Commission File Number:     1-11917 
  
                   (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Iowa 
      
    42-1411715 
      (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
      
    (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

5400 University Avenue, West Des Moines, Iowa 
      
    50266-5997 
      (Address of principal executive offices) 
      
    (Zip Code) 

(515) 225-5400 
      (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 

(Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. [X] Yes [ ] No 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (Section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). [X] Yes [ ] No 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer" and "smaller reporting company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
                     Large accelerated filer [ ] 
    Accelerated filer [X] 
    Non-accelerated filer [ ] 
    Smaller reporting company [ ] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  [ ] Yes   [X] No 
        
      Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer's classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: 
       Title of each class 
      
    Outstanding at November 1, 2016 
      Class A Common Stock, without par value 
      
    24,864,085 
      Class B Common Stock, without par value 
      
    11,413 

(This page has been intentionally left blank.) 

FBL FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  FORM 10-Q FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED   SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 
  TABLE OF CONTENTS  

PART I. 
    FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
    Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
     2 
        
    Consolidated Statements of Operations 
     4 
        
    Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
     5 
        
    Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity 
     5 
        
    Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
     6 
        
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
     8 

Item 2. 
    Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
     34 

Item 3. 
    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
     55 

Item 4. 
    Controls and Procedures 
     55 

PART II. 
    OTHER INFORMATION 
     56 

Item 1A. 
    Risk Factors 
     56 

Item 2. 
    Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
     56 

Item 6. 
    Exhibits 
     57 

SIGNATURES 
      
     58 

1 

ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

FBL FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Unaudited) 
  (Dollars in thousands) 

2 

FBL FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Continued) 
  (Dollars in thousands) 

See accompanying notes. 

3 

FBL FINANCIAL GROUP, INC.  
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (Unaudited) 
  (Dollars in thousands, except per share data)  

See accompanying notes. 

4 

FBL FINANCIAL GROUP, INC.  
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) (Unaudited) 
  (Dollars in thousands)  

(1) 
    Other comprehensive income (loss) is recorded net of deferred income taxes and other adjustments for assumed changes in deferred acquisition costs, value of insurance in force acquired, unearned revenue reserve and policyholder liabilities.  

FBL FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (Unaudited)  
  (Dollars in thousands)  

See accompanying notes. 

5 

FBL FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Unaudited)  
  (Dollars in thousands)  

6 

FBL FINANCIAL GROUP, INC.  
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Continued)  
  (Dollars in thousands)  

See accompanying notes. 

7 

FBL FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) 
  September 30, 2016 

1. Significant Accounting Policies 
    
  Basis of Presentation  
    
  The accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements of FBL Financial Group, Inc. (we or the Company) have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) for interim financial information and the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and notes required by GAAP for complete financial statements. Our financial statements include all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring accruals) necessary for a fair presentation of our financial position and results of operations.  
    
  Operating results for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the year ending December 31,   2016  . We encourage you to refer to the notes to our consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of our 2015 Form 10-K for a complete description of our material accounting policies. Also included in the Form 10-K is a description of areas of judgments and estimates and other information necessary to understand our financial position and results of operations. 
    
  Recent Accounting Pronouncements  
    
  In February 2015, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued guidance that amends existing consolidation guidance. The decision to consolidate an entity that a company has an ownership stake in is based on one of two consolidation models: the voting interest entity model and the variable interest entity model. The new guidance revises certain criteria used to determine which consolidation model to use, as well as the criteria considered in each model to determine whether consolidation is required. We adopted the new guidance on January 1, 2016. Adoption of the guidance had no impact on our financial statements as it did not alter any of our prior consolidation decisions. Adoption did result in certain entities that were previously evaluated under the voting interest entity model to be evaluated under the variable interest entity model. See Note 2 for details regarding our variable interest entities. 
    
  In March 2016, the FASB issued guidance that will impact the accounting for share-based compensation. The guidance will impact several areas including the accounting for excess tax benefits and deficiencies, classification of excess tax benefits within the consolidated statement of cash flows, and the accounting for forfeitures. The guidance becomes effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016. Certain requirements must be adopted prospectively, while others are required to be adopted on a modified prospective basis, or retroactively. We expect the impact of this new guidance on our consolidated financial statements to be immaterial given our limited use of share-based compensation impacted by the new guidance. 
    
  In January 2016, the FASB issued guidance that amends certain aspects of the recognition and measurement of financial instruments. The new guidance primarily affects the accounting for equity investments, the presentation and disclosure requirements for financial instruments and the methodology for assessing the need for a valuation allowance on deferred tax assets resulting from unrealized losses on available-for-sale fixed maturity securities. The guidance becomes effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017. We are currently evaluating the impact of this guidance on our consolidated financial statements. We currently anticipate that the primary impact will be in the recognition of gains or losses from changes in our equity security investments through the statement of operations, rather than as unrealized gains or losses reflected in other comprehensive income. Note 2 provides further information as to our current level of unrealized gains or losses on these securities. 
    
  In May 2014, the FASB issued guidance that outlines a single comprehensive model for entities to use in accounting for revenue arising from contracts with customers, which supersedes most current revenue recognition guidance, including industry-specific guidance. Although insurance contracts are specifically excluded from the scope of this guidance, almost all entities will be affected to some extent by the significant increase in required disclosures. The new guidance is based on the principle that an entity should recognize revenue to reflect the transfer of goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The guidance also requires additional disclosure about the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts, including significant judgments and changes in judgments and assets recognized from costs incurred to fulfill a contract. Entities have the option of using either a full retrospective or a modified retrospective approach for the adoption of the  

8 

     Table of Contents  

new standard, which becomes effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017; early adoption is not permitted. We currently do not expect that the adoption of this new guidance will have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements as our non-insurance contract revenues, primarily net commissions on products we broker, are insignificant.   
    
  In February 2016, the FASB issued a new lease accounting standard, which, for most lessees, will result in a gross-up of the balance sheet. Under the new standard, lessees will recognize the leased assets on the balance sheet and will recognize a corresponding liability for the present value of lease payments over the lease term. The new standard requires the application of judgment and estimates. Also, there are accounting policy elections that may be taken both at transition and for the accounting post-transition, including whether to adopt a short-term lease recognition exemption. The guidance becomes effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, with early adoption permitted. The new standard will be applied as of the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements (date of initial application). We are currently evaluating the impact of this guidance on our consolidated financial statements.  
    
  In June 2016, the FASB issued guidance amending the accounting for the credit impairment of financial instruments. Under the new guidance, impairment losses are required to be estimated using an expected loss model under which a valuation allowance is established and adjusted over time. The valuation allowance will be based on the probability of loss over the life of the instrument, considering historical, current and forecasted information. The new guidance differs significantly from the incurred loss model used today, and will result in the earlier recognition of impairment losses. The new guidance will also increase the volatility of earnings to the extent actual results differ from the assumptions used in the establishment of the valuation allowance. The financial instruments for which we will be required to use the new model include but are not limited to, mortgage loans, lease receivables and reinsurance recoverables. Our available-for-sale fixed maturities will continue to apply the incurred loss model, however, rather than impairment losses resulting in a permanent reduction of carrying value as they do today, such losses will be in the form of a valuation allowance, which can be increased in the case of future credit losses or decreased should conditions improve. The guidance becomes effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, with early adoption permitted on January 1, 2019. We are currently evaluating the impact of this new guidance on our consolidated financial statements, but expect that it will be material. 

2. Investment Operations  
    
  Fixed Maturity and Equity Securities 

9 

     Table of Contents  

(1) 
    Non-credit losses, subsequent to the initial impairment measurement date, on other-than-temporary impairment (OTTI) losses are included in the gross unrealized gains and gross unrealized losses columns above. The non-credit loss component of OTTI losses for corporate and other asset-backed securities were in an unrealized gain position at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   due to increases in estimated fair value subsequent to initial recognition of non-credit losses on such securities. 

Expected maturities will differ from contractual maturities because borrowers may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment penalties. Fixed maturities not due at a single maturity date have been included in the above table in the year of final contractual maturity. 

10 

     Table of Contents  

Net unrealized investment gains and losses are recorded net of deferred income taxes and other adjustments for assumed changes in deferred acquisition costs, value of insurance in force acquired, unearned revenue reserve and policyholder liabilities. Subsequent changes in the fair value of securities for which a previous non-credit OTTI loss was recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income, are reported along with changes in fair value for which no OTTI losses were previously recognized. 

11 

     Table of Contents  

Fixed maturities in the above tables include   216     securities from   177   issuers at   September 30, 2016   and   542   securities from   435   issuers at   December 31, 2015  .  
    
  Unrealized losses decreased during the nine-month period of 2016 due primarily to a decrease in treasury rates as well as a decrease in credit spreads, particularly in the energy sector. We do not consider securities to be OTTI when the market decline is attributable to factors such as interest rate movements, market volatility, liquidity, spread widening and credit quality when recovery of all amounts due under the contractual terms of the security is anticipated. Based on our intent not to sell or our belief that we will not be required to sell these securities before recovery of their amortized cost basis, we do not consider these investments to be OTTI at   September 30, 2016  . We will monitor the investment portfolio for future changes in issuer facts and circumstances that could result in future impairments beyond those currently identified. 
    
  Excluding mortgage- and asset-backed securities, no securities from the same issuer had an aggregate unrealized loss in excess of   $2.8 million   at   September 30, 2016  , with the largest unrealized loss from an electricity provider. With respect to mortgage- and asset-backed securities not backed by the United States Government, our largest aggregate unrealized loss from the same issuer at   September 30, 2016   was   $1.1 million  , consisting of two different securities that are backed by different pools of Alt-A residential mortgage loans. Both securities are rated non-investment grade and the largest unrealized loss totaled   $0.7 million  . 
    
  As described more fully in Note 1 to our consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of our 2015 Form 10-K, we perform a regular evaluation of all investment classes for impairment, including fixed maturity securities and equity securities, in order to evaluate whether such investments are OTTI. 

12 

     Table of Contents  

The table above sets forth the amount of credit loss impairments on fixed maturities held by the Company as of the dates indicated for which a portion of the OTTI was recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) and corresponding changes in such amounts.  

(1) 
    Amount represents the credit-related losses recognized for fixed maturities that were impaired to the present value of estimated future cash flows through income but not written down to fair value. As discussed above, the non-credit portion of the losses have been recognized in other comprehensive income (loss).  
       
  Proceeds from sales of fixed maturities totaled   $104.7 million   during the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and   $88.3 million   during the nine months ended   September 30, 2015  .  
    
  Realized gains and losses on sales of investments are determined on the basis of specific identification. 
    
  Mortgage Loans 
    
  Our mortgage loan portfolio consists of commercial mortgage loans that we have originated. Our lending policies require that the loans be collateralized by the value of the related property, establish limits on the amount that can be loaned to one borrower and require diversification by geographic location and collateral type. We originate loans with an initial loan-to-value ratio that provides sufficient collateral to absorb losses should we be required to foreclose and take possession of the collateral. In order to identify impairment losses, management maintains and regularly reviews a watch list of mortgage loans that have heightened risk. These loans may include those with borrowers delinquent on contractual payments, borrowers experiencing financial difficulty, increases in rental real estate vacancies and significant declines in collateral value. We evaluate each of our mortgage loans individually and establish an estimated loss, if needed, for each impaired loan identified. An estimated loss is needed for loans for which we do not believe we will collect all amounts due according to the contractual terms of the respective loan agreements. 
    
  Any loan delinquent on contractual payments is considered non-performing. At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , there were no non-performing loans over 90 days past due on contractual payments. Mortgage loans are placed on non-accrual status if we have concerns regarding the collectability of future payments. Interest income on non-performing loans is generally recognized on a cash basis. Once mortgage loans are classified as nonaccrual loans, the resumption of the interest accrual would commence only after all past due interest has been collected or the mortgage loan has been restructured such that the collection of interest is considered likely. At September 30, 2016, we had committed to provide additional funding for mortgage loans totaling   $33.4 million  . These commitments arose in the normal course of business at terms that are comparable to similar investments. 

13 

     Table of Contents  

The loan-to-value ratio is determined using the most recent appraised value. Appraisals are updated periodically when there is indication of a possible significant collateral decline or there are loan modifications or refinance requests. 

14 

     Table of Contents  

Mortgage Loan Modifications 
    
  Our commercial mortgage loan portfolio includes loans that have been modified. We assess loan modifications on a loan-by-loan basis to evaluate whether a troubled debt restructuring has occurred. Generally, the types of concessions include: reduction of the contractual interest rate to a below-market rate, extension of the maturity date and/or a reduction of accrued interest. The amount, timing and extent of the concession granted is considered in determining if an impairment loss is needed for the restructuring. 
    
  There were no loan modifications during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 or 2015.  
    
  Low Income Housing Tax Credit Investments (LIHTC) 
    
  We invest in non-guaranteed federal LIHTC, which are included in securities and indebtedness of related parties on the balance sheet. The carrying value of these investments totaled   $92.2 million   at September 30, 2016 and   $94.2 million   at December 31, 2015. There were no impairment losses recorded on these investments during the third quarter of 2016 or 2015. We use the equity method of accounting for these investments and recorded the following in our consolidated statement of operations. 

15 

     Table of Contents  

At September 30,   2016  , we had committed to provide additional funds for limited partnerships and limited liability companies in which we invest. The amounts of these unfunded commitments totaled   $29.8 million  , including   $4.5 million   for LIHTC commitments, which are summarized by year in the following table. 

Variable Interest Entities 
    
  We evaluate our variable interest entity (VIE) investees to determine whether the level of our direct ownership interest, our rights to manage operations, or our obligation to provide ongoing financial support are such that we are the primary beneficiary of the entity, and would therefore be required to consolidate it for financial reporting purposes. After determining that a VIE exists, we review our involvement in the VIE to determine whether we have both the power to direct activities that most significantly impact the economic performance of the VIE, and the obligation to absorb losses or the rights to receive benefits that could be potentially significant to the VIE. This analysis included a review of the purpose and design of the VIE as well as the role that we played in the formation of the entity and how that role could impact our ability to control the VIE. We also review the activities and decisions considered significant to the economic performance of the VIE and assess what power we have in directing those activities and decisions. Finally, we review the agreements in place to determine if there are any guarantees that would affect our maximum exposure to loss. 
    
  We have reviewed the circumstances surrounding our investments in our VIEs, which are classified as securities and indebtedness of related parties and consist of non-guaranteed federal LIHTC, limited partnerships or limited liability companies accounted for under the equity method. In addition, we have reviewed the ownership interests in our VIEs and determined that we do not hold direct majority ownership or have other contractual rights (such as kick out rights) that give us effective control over these entities resulting in us having both the power to direct activities that most significantly impact the economic performance of the VIE and the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits that could be potentially significant to the VIE. The maximum loss exposure relative to our VIEs is limited to the carrying value and any unfunded commitments that exist for each particular VIE. Based on this analysis, none of our VIEs were required to be consolidated for any reporting periods presented in this Form 10-Q. In adopting the new guidance referred to in Note 1, additional entities were deemed to be VIEs, and are disclosed below for both periods presented. 
    
  There were no circumstances that occurred during the reporting period that resulted in any changes in our decision not to consolidate any of our VIEs. We also have not provided additional support or other guarantees that was not previously contractually required (financial or otherwise) to any of the VIEs as of September 30, 2016 or December 31, 2015. 

16 

     Table of Contents  

(1) 
    Prior year values have been restated for comparability with the amounts as presented under the new accounting guidance discussed in Note 1. 
       
  In addition, we make passive investments in the normal course of business in structured securities issued by VIEs for which we are not the investment manager. These structured securities include all of the residential mortgage-backed securities, commercial mortgage-backed securities and other asset-backed securities included in our fixed maturities. Our maximum exposure to loss on these securities is limited to our carrying value in the investment. We have determined that we are not the primary beneficiary of these structured securities because we do not have the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the entities' economic performance. 
    
  Derivative Instruments 
    
  We are not significantly involved in hedging activities and have limited exposure to derivatives. We do not apply hedge accounting to any of our derivative positions and they are held at fair value. Our primary exposure relates to purchased call options, which provide an economic hedge to the embedded derivatives in our index annuity and universal life insurance products. We also have embedded derivatives within our modified coinsurance agreements as well as an interest-only fixed maturity investment.  

17 

     Table of Contents  

Derivative income (loss) is reported in net investment income except for the change in fair value of the embedded derivatives on our index annuity and universal life products, which is reported in interest sensitive product benefits. 
    
  The call options are supported by securities collateral received of   $4.9 million   at   September 30, 2016  , which is held in a separate custodial account. Subject to certain constraints, we are permitted to sell or re-pledge this collateral, but do not have legal rights to the collateral; accordingly, it has not been recorded on our balance sheet. At   September 30, 2016  , none of the collateral had been sold or re-pledged. All of our counterparties are rated A- or better by a nationally recognized statistical rating organization.  

3. Fair Values  
    
  The carrying and estimated fair values of our financial instruments are as follows: 

18 

     Table of Contents  

Fair value is based on an exit price, which is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. As not all financial instruments are actively traded, various valuation methods may be used to estimate fair value. These methods rely on observable market data and where observable market data is not available, the best information available. Significant judgment may be required to interpret the data and select the assumptions used in the valuation estimates, particularly when observable market data is not available.  
    
  In the discussion that follows, we have ranked our financial instruments by the level of judgment used in the determination of the fair values presented above. The levels are defined as follows: 

Level 1 - Fair values are based on unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 

Level 2 - Fair values are based on inputs, other than quoted prices from active markets, that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly. 

Level 3 - Fair values are based on significant unobservable inputs for the asset or liability. 
       
  In certain cases, the inputs used to measure fair value may fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In such cases, a financial instrument's level within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. Our assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment and considers factors specific to the financial instrument. From time to time there may be movements between levels as inputs become more or less observable, which may depend on several factors including the activity of the market for the specific security, the activity of the market for similar securities, the level of risk spreads and the source from which we obtain the information. Transfers into or out of any level are measured as of the beginning of the period.  
    
  The following methods and assumptions were used in estimating the fair value of our financial instruments: 
    
  Fixed maturities:    
    
  Level 1 fixed maturities consist of U.S. Treasury issues that are actively traded, allowing us to use current market prices as an estimate of their fair value. 
    
  Level 2 fixed maturities consist of corporate, mortgage- and asset-backed, United States Government agencies, state and municipal and private placement corporate securities with observable market data, and in some circumstances recent trade activity. When quoted prices of identical assets in active markets are not available, our first priority is to obtain prices from third party pricing vendors. We have regular interaction with these vendors to ensure we understand their pricing methodologies and to confirm they are utilizing observable market information. Their methodologies vary by asset class and include inputs such as estimated cash flows, benchmark yields, reported trades, credit quality, industry events and economic events. Fixed maturities with validated prices from pricing services, which includes the majority of our public fixed maturities in all asset classes, are generally reflected in Level 2. 
    
  Also included in Level 2 are private placement corporate bonds where quoted market prices are not available, for which an internal model using substantially all observable inputs or a matrix pricing valuation approach is used. In the matrix approach, securities are grouped into pricing categories that vary by sector, rating and average life. Each pricing category is assigned a risk spread based on studies of observable public market data. The expected cash flows of the security are then discounted back at the current Treasury curve plus the appropriate risk spread.  
    
  Level 3 fixed maturities include corporate, mortgage- and asset-backed, United States Government sponsored agencies, state and municipal and private placement corporate securities for which there is little or no current market data available. We use external pricing sources, or if prices are not available we will estimate fair value internally. Fair values of private corporate investments in Level 3 are determined by reference to the public market, private transactions or valuations for comparable companies or assets in the relevant asset class when such amounts are available. For other securities where an exit price based on relevant observable inputs is not obtained, the fair value is determined using a matrix calculation. Fair values estimated through the use of matrix pricing methods rely on an estimate of credit spreads to a risk-free U.S. Treasury yield. Selecting the credit spread requires judgment based on an understanding of the security and may include a market liquidity premium. Our selection of comparable companies as well as the level of spread requires significant judgment. Increases in spreads used in our matrix models, or those used to value comparable companies, will result in a decrease in discounted cash flows used, and accordingly in the estimated fair value of the security. 

19 

     Table of Contents  

We obtain fixed maturity fair values from a variety of external independent pricing services, including brokers, with access to observable data including recent trade information, if available. In certain circumstances in which an external price is not available for a Level 3 security, we will internally estimate its fair value. Our process for evaluation and selection of the fair values includes: 

We follow a  pricing waterfall  policy, which establishes the pricing source preference for a particular security or security type. The order of preference is based on our evaluation of the valuation methods used, the source's knowledge of the instrument and the reliability of the prices we have received from the source in the past. Our valuation policy dictates that fair values are initially sought from third party pricing services. If our review of the prices received from our preferred source indicates an inaccurate price, we will use an alternative source within the waterfall and document the decision. In the event that fair values are not available from one of our external pricing services or upon review of the fair values provided it is determined that they may not be reflective of market conditions, those securities are submitted to brokers familiar with the security to obtain non-binding price quotes. Broker quotes tend to be used in limited circumstances such as for newly issued, private placement corporate bonds and other instruments that are not widely traded. For those securities for which an externally provided fair value is not available, we use cash flow modeling techniques to estimate fair value.  

We evaluate third party pricing source estimation methodologies to assess whether they will provide a fair value that approximates a market exit price.  

We perform an overall analysis of portfolio fair value movement against general movements in interest rates and spreads. 

We compare period-to-period price trends to detect unexpected price fluctuation based on our knowledge of the market and the particular instrument. As fluctuations are noted, we will perform further research, which may include discussions with the original pricing source or other external sources to ensure we are in agreement with the valuation. 

We compare prices between different pricing sources for unusual disparity. 

We meet at least quarterly with our Investment Committee, the group that oversees our valuation process, to discuss valuation practices and observations during the pricing process.  
       
  Equity securities:    
    
  Level 1 equity securities consist of listed common stocks and mutual funds that are actively traded, allowing us to use current market prices as an estimate of their fair value. 
    
  Level 2 equity securities consist of common stock issued by the Federal Home Loan Bank of Des Moines (FHLB), with estimated fair value based on the current redemption value of the shares, and non-redeemable preferred stock. Estimated fair value for the non-redeemable preferred stock is obtained from external pricing sources using a matrix pricing approach.  
    
  Level 3 equity securities consist of non-redeemable preferred stock for which no active market exists, and fair value estimates for these securities is based on the values of comparable securities that are actively traded. Increases in spreads used in our matrix models, or those used to value comparable companies, will result in a decrease in discounted cash flows used, and accordingly in the estimated fair value of the security. 
    
  In the case where external pricing services are used for certain Level 1 and Level 2 equity securities, our review process is consistent with the process used to determine the fair value of fixed maturities discussed above. 
    
  Mortgage loans: 
    
  Mortgage loans are not measured at fair value on a recurring basis. Mortgage loans are a Level 3 measurement as there is no current market for the loans. The fair value of our mortgage loans is estimated internally using a matrix pricing approach. Along with specific loan terms, two key management assumptions are required including the risk rating of the loan (our current rating system is A-highest quality, B-moderate quality, C-low quality, W-watch or F-foreclosure) and estimated spreads for new loans over the U.S. Treasury yield curve. Spreads are updated quarterly and loans are reviewed and rated annually with quarterly adjustments should significant changes occur. Our determination of each loan's risk rating as well as selection of the credit  

20 

     Table of Contents  

spread requires significant judgment. A higher risk rating, as well as an increase in spreads, would result in a decrease in discounted cash flows used, and accordingly the fair value of the loan. 
    
  Policy loans:  
    
  Policy loans are not measured at fair value on a recurring basis. Policy loans are a Level 3 measurement as there is no current market since they are specifically tied to the underlying insurance policy. The loans are relatively risk free as they cannot exceed the cash surrender value of the insurance policy. Fair values are estimated by discounting expected cash flows using a risk-free interest rate based on the U.S. Treasury curve. An increase in the risk-free interest rate would result in a decrease in discounted cash flows used, and accordingly the fair value of the loan.  
    
  Other investments: 
    
  Level 2 other investments measured at fair value on a recurring basis include call options with fair values based on counterparty market prices adjusted for a credit component of the counterparty, net of collateral received. Level 3 other investments, which are not measured at fair value on a recurring basis, include a promissory note that is priced internally using a discounted cash flow based on our assessment of the credit risk of the borrower.  
    
  Cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments: 
    
  Level 1 cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments are highly liquid instruments for which historical cost approximates fair value. 
    
  Reinsurance recoverable:    
    
  Level 2 reinsurance recoverable includes embedded derivatives in our modified coinsurance contracts under which we cede or assume business. Fair values of these embedded derivatives are based on the difference between the fair value and the cost basis of the underlying fixed maturities, which are valued consistent with the discussion of fixed maturities above.  
    
  Assets held in separate accounts:    
    
  Level 1 assets held in separate accounts consist of mutual funds that are actively traded, allowing us to use current market prices as an estimate of their fair value. 
    
  Future policy benefits, supplementary contracts without life contingencies and advance premiums and other deposits  : 
    
  Level 3 policy-related financial instruments of investment-type contracts are those not involving significant mortality or morbidity risks. No active market exists for these contracts and they are not measured at fair value on a recurring basis. Fair values for our insurance contracts, other than investment-type contracts, are not required to be disclosed. Fair values for our investment-type contracts with expected maturities, including deferred annuities, funding agreements and supplementary contracts, are determined using discounted cash flow valuation techniques based on current interest rates adjusted to reflect our credit risk and an additional provision for adverse deviation. For certain deposit liabilities with no defined maturities and no surrender charges, including pension-related deposit administration funds, advance premiums and other deposits, fair value is the account value or amount payable on demand. Significant judgment is required in selecting the assumptions used to estimate the fair values of these financial instruments. For contracts with known maturities, increases in current rates will result in a decrease in discounted cash flows and a decrease in the estimated fair value of the policy obligation.  
    
  Certain annuity contracts include embedded derivatives that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis. These embedded derivatives are a Level 3 measurement. The fair value of the embedded derivatives is based on the discounted excess of projected account values (including a risk margin) over projected guaranteed account values. The key unobservable inputs required in the projection of future values that require management judgment include the risk margin as well as the credit risk of our company. Should the risk margin increase or the credit risk decrease, the discounted cash flows and the estimated fair value of the obligation will increase. 

21 

     Table of Contents  

Short-term debt:  
    
  Short-term debt is not measured at fair value on a recurring basis and is a Level 3 measurement. Our short-term debt consists of advances with interest set to the debt issuer s current lending rate during December 2015, repayable in less than one month. Given the recent issuance of this short-term debt, its carrying value approximates fair value. 
    
  Long-term debt:  
    
  Long-term debt is not measured at fair value on a recurring basis. Long-term debt is a Level 3 measurement. The fair value of our outstanding debt is estimated using a discounted cash flow method based on the market's assessment or our current incremental borrowing rate for similar types of borrowing arrangements adjusted, as needed, to reflect our credit risk. Our selection of the credit spread requires significant judgment. A decrease in the spread will increase the estimated fair value of the outstanding debt. 
    
  Other liabilities:    
    
  Level 2 other liabilities include the embedded derivatives in our modified coinsurance contracts under which we cede business. Fair values for the embedded derivatives are based on the difference between the fair value and the cost basis of the underlying fixed maturities.  
    
  Liabilities related to separate accounts:    
    
  Separate account liabilities are not measured at fair value on a recurring basis. Level 3 separate account liabilities' fair value is based on the cash surrender value of the underlying contract, which is the cost we would incur to extinguish the liability.  

22 

     Table of Contents  

23 

     Table of Contents  

The tables above exclude certain securities for which the fair value was based on non-binding broker quotes where we could not reasonably obtain the quantitative unobservable inputs. 

24 

     Table of Contents  

25 

     Table of Contents  

(1) 
    Transfers into Level 3 represent assets previously priced using an external pricing service with access to observable inputs no longer available and therefore, were priced using non-binding broker quotes. Transfers out of Level 3 include those assets that we are now able to obtain pricing from a third party pricing vendor that uses observable inputs. The fair values of newly issued securities often require additional estimation until a market is created, which is generally within a few months after issuance. Once a market is created, as was the case for the majority of the security transfers out of the Level 3 category above, Level 2 valuation sources become available. There were no transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 during the periods presented above.  

26 

     Table of Contents  

Level 3 Financial Instruments Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis  
    
  Certain assets are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis, generally mortgage loans or real estate that have been deemed to be impaired during the reporting period. There were no mortgage loans or real estate impaired to fair value during the quarters ended September 30, 2016 or September 30, 2015.  

4. Defined Benefit Plan 
    
  We participate with several affiliates and an unaffiliated organization in various defined benefit plans, including a multiemployer plan. Our share of net periodic pension cost for the plans is recorded as expense in our consolidated statements of operations. 

27 

     Table of Contents  

Pension settlement charges are recognized when total cash payments for lump sum distributions exceed the sum of the service and interest cost for the year. 

5. Commitments and Contingencies 
    
  Legal Proceedings 
    
  In the normal course of business, we may be involved in litigation in which damages are alleged that are substantially in excess of contractual policy benefits or certain other agreements. In recent years, companies in the life insurance and annuity business have faced litigation, including class action lawsuits, alleging improper product design, improper sales practices and similar claims. We are not aware of any claims threatened or pending against FBL Financial Group, Inc. or any of its subsidiaries for which a material loss is reasonably possible. 

6. Stockholders' Equity 
    
  Share Repurchases 
    
  During 2014 and 2016, our Board of Directors approved programs to repurchase our Class A common stock. These repurchase programs authorize us to make repurchases in the open market or through privately negotiated transactions, with the timing and terms of the purchases to be determined by management based on market conditions. In connection with the Class A repurchase programs, we repurchased   10,322   shares for   $0.6 million   during the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and   66,904   shares for   $3.7 million   during the nine months ended   September 30, 2015  . At   September 30, 2016  ,   $49.5 million   remains available for repurchase under the program announced in 2016. Completion of this program is dependent on market conditions and other  

28 

     Table of Contents  

factors. There is no guarantee as to the exact timing of any repurchases or the number of shares that we will repurchase. The share repurchase program may be modified or terminated at any time without prior notice.  
    
  Special Dividend 
    
  In March 2016, the Board of Directors approved a special   $2.00   per share cash dividend payable to Class A and Class B common shareholders totaling   $49.7 million  . In March 2015, the Board of Directors approved a special   $2.00   per share cash dividend payable to Class A and Class B common shareholders totaling   $49.5 million  .  

(1) 
    Includes the impact of taxes, deferred acquisition costs, value of insurance in force acquired, unearned revenue reserves and policyholder liabilities. See Note 2 for further information. 

29 

     Table of Contents  

(1) 
    See Note 2 for further information. 

30 

Table of Contents  

7. Earnings per Share 
    
  Computation of Earnings per Common Share 

There were no antidilutive stock options outstanding in either period presented. 

8. Segment Information  
    
  We analyze operations by reviewing financial information regarding our primary products that are aggregated into the Annuity and Life Insurance product segments. In addition, our Corporate and Other segment includes various support operations, corporate capital and other product lines that are not currently underwritten by the Company. 
    
  We analyze our segment results based on pre-tax operating income. Accordingly, income taxes are not allocated to the segments. In addition, operating results are reported net of transactions between the segments. Operating income represents net income excluding the impact of realized gains and losses on investments and changes in net unrealized gains and losses on derivatives. 
    
  We use operating income, in addition to net income, to measure our performance since realized gains and losses on investments and the change in net unrealized gains and losses on derivatives can fluctuate greatly from quarter to quarter. A view of our operating performance without the impact of these items enhances the analysis of our results, although it should not be viewed as a substitute for net income as a measure of financial performance. Operating income is not a measure used in financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP, but is a common life insurance industry measure of performance. We use operating income for goal setting, determining short-term incentive compensation and evaluating performance on a basis comparable to that used by many in the investment community.  

31 

     Table of Contents  

(1) 
    Amounts are net of adjustments, as applicable, to amortization of unearned revenue reserves, deferred acquisition costs, value of insurance in force acquired and income taxes attributable to these items. 
       
  Our investment in equity method investees, the related equity income and interest expense are attributable to the Corporate and Other segment. Expenditures for long-lived assets were not significant during the periods presented above. Goodwill at   September 30, 2016   and December 31, 2015 was allocated among the segments as follows: Annuity (  $3.9 million  ) and Life Insurance (  $6.1 million  ). 
    
  Premiums collected, which is not a measure used in financial statements prepared according to GAAP, includes premiums received on life insurance policies and deposits on annuities and universal life-type products. Premiums collected is a common life insurance industry measure of agent productivity. Net premiums collected totaled   $156.4 million   for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   and   $184.0 million   for the same period in   2015  . Net premiums collected totaled   $516.5 million   for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and   $508.4 million   for the same period in   2015  . 
    
  Under GAAP, premiums on whole life and term life policies are recognized as revenues over the premium-paying period and reported in the Life Insurance segment. The following chart provides a reconciliation of life insurance premiums collected to those reported in the GAAP financial statements. 

32 

     Table of Contents  

There is no comparable GAAP financial measure for premiums collected on annuities and universal life-type products. GAAP revenues for those interest sensitive and variable products consist of various policy charges and fees assessed on those contracts, as summarized in the chart below. 

Amortization of policy initiation fees decreased for the quarter and nine-month period ending September, 30, 2016, compared to prior year periods, primarily due to the impact of unlocking assumptions used in the calculation of unearned revenue reserves.  

33 

Table of Contents  

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
    
  This section includes a summary of FBL Financial Group, Inc.'s consolidated results of operations, financial condition and where appropriate, factors that management believes may affect future performance. Unless noted otherwise, all references to FBL Financial Group, Inc. (we or the Company) include all of its direct and indirect subsidiaries, including its life insurance subsidiary, Farm Bureau Life Insurance Company (Farm Bureau Life). Please read this discussion in conjunction with the accompanying consolidated financial statements and related notes. In addition, we encourage you to refer to our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   December 31, 2015   for a complete description of our significant accounting policies and estimates. Familiarity with this information is important in understanding our financial position and results of operations. 
    
  This Form 10-Q includes statements relating to anticipated financial performance, business prospects, new products and similar matters. These statements and others, which include words such as "expect," "anticipate," "believe," "intend" and other similar expressions, constitute forward-looking statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. A variety of factors could cause our actual results and experiences to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in our forward-looking statements. See Part 1A, Risk Factors, of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   December 31, 2015   for additional information on the risks and uncertainties that may affect the operations, performance, development and results of our business. 

Overview 
    
  We operate predominantly in the life insurance industry through our principal subsidiary, Farm Bureau Life. Farm Bureau Life markets individual life insurance policies and annuity contracts to Farm Bureau members and other individuals and businesses in the Midwestern and Western sections of the United States through an exclusive agency force. Several subsidiaries support various functional areas of Farm Bureau Life and other affiliates by providing investment advisory, marketing and distribution, and leasing services. In addition, we manage two Farm Bureau-affiliated property-casualty companies. 
    
  We analyze operations by reviewing financial information regarding our primary products that are aggregated in Annuity and Life Insurance product segments. In addition, our Corporate and Other segment includes various support operations, corporate capital and other product lines that are not currently underwritten by the Company. We analyze our segment results based on pre-tax operating income, which excludes the impact of certain items that are included in net income. See Note 8 to our consolidated financial statements for further information regarding how we define our segments and operating income. 
    
  We also include within our analysis  premiums collected,  which is not a measure used in financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP, but is a common life insurance industry measure of agent productivity. See Note 8 to our consolidated financial statements for further information regarding this measure and its relationship to GAAP revenues. 

Impact of Recent Business Environment 
    
  Our business generally benefits from moderate to strong economic expansion. Conversely, a lackluster economy characterized by higher unemployment, lower family income, lower consumer spending, muted corporate earnings growth and lower business investment could adversely impact the demand for our products in the future. We also may experience a higher incidence of claims, lapses or surrenders of policies during such times. We cannot predict whether or when such actions may occur, or what impact, if any, such actions could have on our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 
    
  Economic and other environmental factors that may impact our business include, but are not limited to, the following: 

Gross Domestic Product increased at an annual rate of 2.9% during the third quarter 2016 based on recent estimates.  
                
    U.S. unemployment was estimated to be 5.0% at the end of the third quarter 2016. 
                
    U.S. net farm income is forecast to decrease 11.5% and farm real estate value is forecast to decrease 1.5% during 2016 according to recent U.S. Department of Agriculture forecasts.  
                 
    Continued uncertainty as to actions the United States Congress will take to address the national debt, including potential actions to change the tax advantages of life insurance. 

34 

     Table of Contents  

The Department of Labor recently expanded the fiduciary responsibilities for sales of insurance products to be used in retirement plans. See Part II, Item 1A for further discussion. 
       
  The low market interest rate environment continues to impact our investment yields as well as the interest we credit on our interest sensitive products. The benchmark 10-year U.S. Treasury yield increased but credit spreads tightened during the quarter. Yields remain low, even compared to levels from the beginning of 2016. Low crediting rates pose challenges to maintaining attractive annuity and universal life products, although our rates are comparable to other insurance companies, allowing us to maintain our competitive position within the market. During the second quarter of 2016, we unlocked assumptions used to amortize deferred policy acquisition costs to reflect the expectation of lower earned spread rates, primarily driven by the expected continuation of low market interest rates. We experienced an increase in the fair value of our fixed maturity security portfolio during the third quarter of 2016 primarily due to a decrease in market yields. See the segment discussion and  Financial Condition  section that follows for additional information regarding the impact of low market interest rates on our business. 

Results of Operations for the Periods Ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015 

(1) 
    Amounts are net of adjustments, as applicable, to amortization of unearned revenue reserves, deferred sales inducements, deferred acquisition costs, value of insurance in force acquired and income taxes attributable to these items. 
              (2) 
    Annualized yield excludes investments in securities and indebtedness of related parties. 
       
  Our operating income increased in the   third quarter   of   2016  , compared to the prior year period, primarily due to the impact of market performance on our variable business, decreasing amortization of deferred acquisition costs. Operating income increased in the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to the prior year period, primarily due to the impact of an increase in the volume of business in force and a decrease in death benefits, partially offset by lower other investment-related income and the impact of unlocking. Net income for the nine-month period, compared to the prior year period, was also impacted by a decrease in net realized gains. See the discussion that follows for details regarding operating income by segment. 

35 

     Table of Contents  

We periodically revise key assumptions used in the calculation of the amortization of deferred acquisition costs, value of insurance in force acquired, deferred sales inducements, unearned revenue reserve for participating life insurance and interest sensitive products, as well as certain reserves on interest sensitive products, as applicable, through an  unlocking  process. These assumptions typically consist of withdrawal and lapse rates, earned spreads and mortality with revisions based on historical results and our best estimate of future experience. The impact of unlocking is recorded in the current period as an increase or decrease to amortization of the respective balances. During the second and third quarters of 2016, we unlocked our valuation assumptions for deferred policy acquisition costs, unearned revenue reserves and certain product reserves on our life and variable blocks of business. See the discussion that follows for further details of the unlocking impact to our operating segments. 

(1) 
    Includes prepayment fee income and adjustments to the amortization of premium or discounts from changes in our payment speed assumptions. 
       
  Pre-tax operating income for the Annuity segment decreased in the   third quarter   of   2016   and the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to the prior year periods, primarily due to the impact of unlocking and increases in interest  

36 

     Table of Contents  

sensitive benefits. The decrease for the nine-month period was partially offset by higher spread income earned from an increase in the volume of business in force. 
    
  The average aggregate account value for individual annuity contracts in force increased in the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the prior year period, due to continued sales and the crediting of interest. Continued growth in our business in force contributes to increases in revenues and expenses. Premiums collected were lower in the third quarter of 2016, compared to the prior year period, due to decreased sales of fixed rate deferred annuity products, partially offset by increased sales of indexed annuities. Premiums collected were higher in the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the prior year period, primarily due to increased sales of index annuity products. The amount of premiums collected is highly dependent upon the relationship between the current crediting rates of our products compared to those of competing products. 
    
  Interest sensitive benefits were higher for the quarter and nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to prior year periods, due to an increase in the amount of business in force as well as changes to the discount rate on certain product reserves resulting in a $0.9 million increase in the third quarter of 2016. 
    
  The Annuity segment also includes advances on our funding agreements with FHLB. Outstanding funding agreements totaled $410.5 million at September 30, 2016 and $398.9 million at September 30, 2015. 
    
  Amortization of deferred acquisition costs changed during the   third quarter   of   2016   and the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to the prior year periods, primarily due to the impact of unlocking. Unlocking generally reflects the impact of changes in projected earned spreads, withdrawal and mortality assumptions. During the second quarter of 2016, we unlocked our assumption as a result of our analysis of the impact of the low interest rate environment on projected investment and spread income. The impact of unlocking on pre-tax operating income for the quarter and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was as follows:  

The weighted average yield on cash and invested assets for individual annuities decreased for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the prior year period, primarily due to lower other investment-related income and lower yields on new investment acquisitions from premium receipts and reinvestment of the proceeds from maturing investments, compared with the average existing portfolio yield. See the "Financial Condition" section for additional information regarding the yields obtained on investment acquisitions. Weighted average interest crediting rates on our individual annuity products decreased due to crediting rate actions taken in 2015 and 2016 in response to the declining portfolio yield and a change in the underlying product mix. 

37 

     Table of Contents  

38 

     Table of Contents  

(1) 
    Includes prepayment fee income and adjustments to the amortization of premium or discounts from changes in our payment speed assumptions. 
       
  Pre-tax operating income for the Life Insurance segment decreased in the   third quarter   of   2016  , compared to the prior year period, primarily due to the impact of unlocking, partially offset by decreases in death benefits. Pre-tax operating income increased in the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to the prior year period, primarily due to a decrease in death benefits and the impact of an increase in the volume of business in force, partially offset by the impact of unlocking and a decrease in other investment-related income. 
    
  Interest sensitive product charges, other interest sensitive product benefits and amortization of deferred acquisition costs were impacted by unlocking. Unlocking generally reflects the impact of changes in projected earned spreads, policy lapses and mortality assumptions. During the third quarter of 2016, we revised our valuation assumptions through our annual unlocking process. During the second quarter of 2016, we unlocked our assumptions as a result of our analysis of the impact of the low interest rate environment on projected investment and spread income. Amortization in the periods also reflected changes in actual and expected profits on the underlying business. The impact of unlocking on pre-tax operating income for the quarter and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was as follows: 

39 

     Table of Contents  

Death benefits, net of reinsurance and reserves released, decreased in the third quarter of 2016 compared to the prior year period primarily due to a decrease in claim counts. The decrease in the nine-month period was due to decreases in claim counts and average size of claims. 
    
  Comparability between the periods was also impacted by the correction of an immaterial error that increased pre-tax earnings by $1.3 million in the third quarter of 2015. The correction was related to a reduction of interest sensitive reserves, reducing other interest sensitive product benefits by $1.7 million, partially offset by a $0.4 million increase in amortization of deferred acquisition costs. 
    
  The weighted average yield on cash and invested assets for interest sensitive life insurance products decreased for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the prior year period, due to lower other investment-related income and lower yields on new investment acquisitions from premium receipts and reinvestment of the proceeds from maturing investments, compared with the average existing portfolio yield. See the "Financial Condition" section for additional information regarding the yields obtained on investment acquisitions. Weighted average interest crediting rates on our interest sensitive life insurance products decreased due to crediting rate decreases taken in 2015 and 2016 in response to the declining portfolio yield. 

40 

Table of Contents  

(1) 
    Includes prepayment fee income and adjustments to the amortization of premium or discounts from changes in our payment speed assumptions. 
       
  Pre-tax operating income increased for the Corporate and Other segment in the   third quarter   of   2016   and the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to the prior year periods, primarily due to decreases in amortization of deferred acquisition costs from the impact of unlocking and market performance on our variable business, partially offset by increases in death benefits. The nine-month period was also impacted by the decrease in pre-tax equity loss. 
    
  Death benefits, net of reinsurance and reserves released, increased in the   third quarter   of   2016   and the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to the prior year periods, largely due to increases in average size of claims. 

41 

     Table of Contents  

Amortization of deferred acquisition costs, deferred sales indecements and unearned revenue reserves changed during the   third quarter   of   2016   and the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to the prior year periods, primarily due to the impact of unlocking and market performance on our variable business. Unlocking generally reflects the impact of changes in projected earned spreads, withdrawal and mortality assumptions. During the third quarter of 2016, we revised our valuation assumptions through our annual unlocking process. During the second quarter of 2016, we unlocked our assumptions as a result of our analysis of the impact of the low interest rate environment on projected investment and spread income. The impact of unlocking on pre-tax operating income for the quarter and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was as follows: 

Other income and other expenses includes fees and expenses from sales of brokered products and operating results of our non-insurance subsidiaries, which include management, advisory, marketing and distribution services and leasing activities. 
    
  Equity loss, before tax, includes our proportionate share of gains and losses attributable to our ownership interest in partnerships, joint ventures and certain companies where we exhibit some control but have a minority ownership interest. Given the timing of availability of financial information from our equity investees, we will consistently use information that is as much as three months in arrears for certain of these entities. Several of these entities are investment companies whose operating results are derived primarily from unrealized and realized gains and losses generated by their investment portfolios. As is normal with these types of entities, the level of these gains and losses is subject to fluctuation from period to period depending on the prevailing economic environment, changes in prices of bond and equity securities held by the investment partnerships, the timing and success of initial public offerings or exit strategies, and the timing of the sale of investments held by the partnerships and joint ventures. Our low income housing tax credit investments generate pre-tax losses and after-tax gains as the related tax credits are realized. The timing of the realization of tax credits is subject to fluctuation from period to period due to the timing of housing project completions and the approval of tax credits.    

Income Taxes on Operating Income 
    
  The effective tax rate on operating income was   23.1%   for the third quarter of 2016 and   22.3%   for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared with   22.8%   for the third quarter of 2015 and   22.0%   for the nine months ended September 30,  

42 

     Table of Contents  

2015. The effective tax rates differ from the federal statutory rate of 35% primarily due to the impact of low-income housing tax credits and tax-exempt interest and dividend income.  

Income taxes on operating income adjustments on continuing operations are recorded at 35% as there are no permanent differences between book and taxable income relating to these adjustments. 

The level of realized gains (losses) is subject to fluctuation from period to period depending on the prevailing interest rate, economic environment and timing of the sale of investments. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we sold securities to decrease our exposure to the energy sector, resulting in realized gains of $3.9 million and realized losses of $8.4 million. See "Financial Condition - Investments" and Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements for details regarding our unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale securities at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  .  

43 

     Table of Contents  

Other-than-temporary credit impairment losses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 were incurred within residential mortgage-backed securities due to reduced reliance on insurance credit support resulting in a decline in the present value of expected cash flows. An impairment charge was also recognized on other assets for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 due to uncollectibility.  

Financial Condition 

Investments 
    
  Our investment portfolio increased   8.0%   to   $8,343.9 million   at   September 30, 2016   compared to   $7,722.8 million   at   December 31, 2015  . The portfolio increased due to positive cash flows from operating and financing activities, as well as an increase of $400.2 million of net unrealized appreciation of fixed maturities during 2016. Additional details regarding securities in an unrealized gain or loss position at   September 30, 2016   are included in the discussion that follows and in Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements. Details regarding investment impairments are discussed above in the "Realized Gains (Losses) on Investments" section under "Results of Operations." 
    
  We manage the investment portfolio to optimize risk-adjusted yield within the context of prudent asset-liability management. We evaluate multiple cash flow testing scenarios as part of this process. The Company's investment policy calls for investing primarily in high quality fixed maturities and commercial mortgage loans. 

The table above summarizes selected information for fixed maturity purchases. The effective annual yield shown is the yield calculated to the "worst-call date." For non-callable bonds, the worst-call date is always the maturity date. For callable bonds, the worst-call date is the call or maturity date that produces the lowest yield. The weighted-average maturity is calculated using scheduled pay-downs and expected prepayments for amortizing securities. For non-amortizing securities, the weighted-average maturity is equal to the stated maturity date. 

44 

     Table of Contents  

A portion of the securities acquired during the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and September 30, 2015 were obtained with the proceeds from advances on our funding agreements with the FHLB. The securities acquired to support these funding agreements often carry a lower average yield than securities acquired to support our other insurance products, due to the shorter maturity and relatively low interest rate paid on those advances. In addition, certain municipal securities acquired are exempt from federal income taxes, and accordingly have a higher actual return than reflected in the yields stated above. The average yield of the securities acquired, excluding the securities supporting the funding agreements and using a tax-adjusted yield for the municipal securities, was 4.46% during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and was 4.61% during the nine months ended   September 30, 2015  . 

As of   September 30, 2016  ,   95.5  % (based on carrying value) of the available-for-sale fixed maturities were investment grade debt securities, defined as being in the highest two National Association of Insurance Commissioners (NAIC) designations. Non-investment grade debt securities generally provide higher yields and involve greater risks than investment grade debt securities because their issuers typically are more highly leveraged and more vulnerable to adverse economic conditions than investment grade issuers. In addition, the trading market for these securities is usually more limited than for investment grade debt securities. We regularly review the percentage of our portfolio that is invested in non-investment grade debt securities (NAIC designations 3 through 6). As of   September 30, 2016  , no single non-investment grade holding exceeded     0.2% of total investments. 

(1) 
    Equivalent ratings are based on those provided by nationally recognized rating agencies with some exceptions for certain residential mortgage, commercial mortgage- and asset-backed securities where they are based on the expected loss of the security rather than the probability of default. This may result in a final designation being higher or lower than the equivalent credit rating. 

45 

     Table of Contents  

See Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements for a summary of fixed maturities by contractual maturity date. 

46 

     Table of Contents  

At September 30, 2016, 79.0% of our energy holdings were investment grade. Our non-investment grade holdings included oil field services with a carrying value of $31.9 million and an unrealized loss of $6.3 million and midstream energy with a carrying value of $25.4 million and an unrealized loss of $0.7 million. 

47 

     Table of Contents  

The table above reflects our exposure to non-sovereign European debt. This represents 6.0% of total fixed maturities as of   September 30, 2016   and 6.4% as of   December 31, 2015  . The exposures are primarily in the industrial, financial and utility sectors. We do not own any securities issued by European governments or companies based in Greece. 

48 

     Table of Contents  

See Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements for additional analysis of these unrealized losses. 

Mortgage- and Asset-Backed Securities 
    
  Mortgage-backed and other asset-backed securities are purchased when we believe these types of investments provide superior risk-adjusted returns compared to returns of more conventional investments such as corporate bonds and mortgage loans. These securities are diversified as to collateral types, cash flow characteristics and maturity. 
    
  The repayment pattern on mortgage and other asset-backed securities is more variable than that of more traditional fixed maturity securities because the repayment terms are tied to underlying debt obligations that are subject to prepayments, which includes defaults. The prepayment speeds (e.g., the rate of individuals refinancing their home mortgages) can vary based on a number of economic factors that cannot be predicted with certainty. These factors include the prevailing interest rate environment and general status of the economy. 
    
  At each balance sheet date, we review and update our expectation of future prepayment speeds and the book value of the mortgage and other asset-backed securities purchased at a premium or discount is reset, if needed. See Note 1 to our consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of our 2015 Form 10-K for more detail on accounting for the amortization of premium and accrual of discount on mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities. 
    
  Our direct exposure to the Alt-A home equity and subprime first-lien sectors is limited to investments in structured securities collateralized by senior tranches of residential mortgage loans. We also have a partnership interest in two funds at   September 30, 2016   and at   December 31, 2015  , that own securities backed by Alt-A home equity, subprime first-lien and adjustable rate mortgage collateral. The funds are reported as securities and indebtedness of related parties in our consolidated balance sheets with a fair value of $7.8 million at   September 30, 2016   and $7.6 million at   December 31, 2015  . 

49 

     Table of Contents  

The mortgage- and asset-backed securities can be summarized into three broad categories: residential, commercial and other asset-backed securities. 
    
  The residential mortgage-backed portfolio includes government agency pass-through and collateralized mortgage obligation (CMO) securities. With a government agency pass-through security, we receive a pro rata share of principal payments as payments are made on the underlying mortgage loans. CMOs consist of pools of mortgages divided into sections or "tranches" that provide sequential retirement of the bonds. We primarily invest in sequential tranches that provide cash flow stability since principal payments do not occur until the previous tranches are paid off. In addition, to provide call protection and more stable average lives, we invest in CMOs such as planned amortization class and targeted amortization class securities. CMOs of these types provide more predictable cash flows within a range of prepayment speeds by shifting the prepayment risks to support tranches. We generally do not purchase certain types of CMOs that we believe would subject the investment portfolio to excessive risk. 

The commercial mortgage-backed securities are primarily sequential securities. Commercial mortgage-backed securities typically have cash flows that are less subject to refinance risk than residential mortgage-backed securities principally due to prepayment restrictions on many of the underlying commercial mortgage loans. 

50 

     Table of Contents  

(1) The CMBS portfolio included government agency-backed securities with a carrying value of $415.8 million at September 30, 2016 and $382.8 million at December 31, 2015. 
    
  Also included in the commercial mortgage-backed securities are military housing bonds totaling $161.2 million at   September 30, 2016   and $122.5 million at   December 31, 2015  . These bonds are used to fund the construction of multi-family homes on United States military bases. The bonds are backed by a first mortgage lien on residential military housing projects.  
    
  The other asset-backed securities are backed by both residential and non-residential collateral. The collateral for residential asset-backed securities primarily consists of second lien fixed-rate home equity loans. The cash flows of these securities are less subject to prepayment risk than residential mortgage-backed securities as the borrowers are less likely to refinance than those with only a first lien mortgage. The collateral for non-residential asset-backed securities primarily includes securities backed by credit card receivables, auto dealer receivables, auto installment loans, aircraft leases, middle market and syndicated business loans, timeshare receivables and trade and account receivables. These securities are high quality, short-duration assets with limited cash flow variability. 

51 

     Table of Contents  

State, Municipal and Other Government Securities    
    
  State, municipal and other government securities totaled $1,550.9 million, or 21.5% of total fixed maturities, at   September 30, 2016  , and $1,472.4 million, or 22.2% of total fixed maturities at   December 31, 2015   and include investments in general obligation, revenue and municipal housing bonds. Our investment strategy is to utilize municipal bonds in addition to corporate bonds, as we believe they provide additional diversification and have historically low default rates compared with similarly rated corporate bonds. We evaluate the credit strength of the underlying issues on both a quantitative and qualitative basis, excluding insurance, prior to acquisition. The majority of the municipal bonds we hold are investment grade credits without consideration of insurance. Our municipal bonds are well diversified by type and geography with the top exposure being water and sewer revenue bonds. We do not hold any Puerto Rico-related bonds. Exposure to the state of Illinois and municipalities within the state accounted for 1.5% of our total fixed maturities at   September 30, 2016  . As of   September 30, 2016  , our Illinois-related portfolio holdings were rated investment grade, and were trading at 113.9% of amortized cost. Our municipal bond exposure had an average rating of Aa2/AA and our holdings were trading at 114.1% of amortized cost at   September 30, 2016  . 

Equity Securities    
    
  Equity securities totaled   $137.0 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   $121.7 million   at   December 31, 2015  . Gross unrealized gains totaled $8.8 million and gross unrealized losses totaled $1.1 million at   September 30, 2016  . At   December 31, 2015  , gross unrealized gains totale  d $6.5 million and gross unrealized losses totaled $1.2     mill  ion on these securities. The unrealized losses were primarily attributable to non-redeemable perpetual preferred securities from issuers in the financial sector. See Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements for further discussion regarding our analysis of unrealized losses related to these securities. 
    
  Mortgage Loans    
    
  Mortgage loans totaled   $781.5 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   $744.3 million   at   December 31, 2015  . Our mortgage loans are diversified as to property type, location and loan size, and are collateralized by the related properties. The total number of commercial mortgage loans outstanding was 174 at   September 30, 2016   and 167 at   December 31, 2015  . In the first nine months of 2016, new loans ranged from $2.1 million to $8.8 million in size, with an average loan size of $4.8 million, an average loan term of 15 years and an average yield of 4.01%. Our mortgage lending policies establish limits on the amount that can be loaned to one borrower and require diversification by geographic location and collateral type. The majority of our mortgage loans amortize principal, with 3.8% that are interest only loans at   September 30, 2016  . At   September 30, 2016  , the average loan-to-value of the current outstanding principal balance using the most recent appraised value was 55.5% and the weighted average debt service coverage ratio was 1.6 based on the results of our 2015 annual study. See Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements for further discussion regarding our mortgage loans. 

Asset-Liability Management 
    
  Our asset-liability management program includes (i) designing and developing products that encourage persistency and help ensure targeted spreads are earned and, as a result, create a stable liability structure, and (ii) structuring the investment portfolio with duration and cash flow characteristics consistent with the duration and cash flow characteristics of our insurance liabilities. The weighted average life of the fixed maturity and mortgage loan portfolio based on fair values was approximately 10.9 years  

52 

     Table of Contents  

at   September 30, 2016   and at   December 31, 2015  . The effective duration of the fixed maturity and mortgage loan portfolios backing our annuity products was 6.1 years     at   September 30, 2016   and at   December 31, 2015  . The effective duration of our annuity liabilities was approximately 6.5 years at   September 30, 2016   and 6.4 years at   December 31, 2015  . While it can be difficult to maintain asset and liability durations that are closely matched in a dynamic environment, we have identified various strategies that can be implemented if duration mismatches exceed acceptable tolerances. 

Other Assets 
    
  Deferred acquisition costs decreased   35.9%   to   $215.2 million   at   September 30, 2016  , primarily due to a $133.4 million increase in the impact of the change in net unrealized appreciation on fixed maturity securities during the period. Assets held in separate accounts decreased   3.1%   to   $605.7 million   primarily due to policy surrenders and product charges. Cash and cash equivalents increased   121.7%   to   $65.4 million   primarily due to normal fluctuations in timing of payments made and received. 

Liabilities 
    
  Future policy benefits increased   4.5%   to   $6,692.1 million   at   September 30, 2016  , primarily due to an increase in the volume of annuity and life business in force. Deferred income taxes increased   71.1%   to   $231.1 million   primarily due to the tax impact of the change in unrealized appreciation/depreciation on investments. Liabilities related to separate accounts decreased   3.1%   to   $605.7 million   primarily due to policy surrenders and product charges. 

Stockholders' Equity 
    
  As discussed in Note 6 to our consolidated financial statements, stockholders' equity was impacted by capital deployment actions during the first quarter of 2016. We paid a special cash dividend of $2.00 per share on Class A and Class B common stock and increased our regular quarterly dividend by 5% to $0.42 per share during March 2016. 
    
  Our stockholders' equity increased   15.9%   to   $1,314.3 million   at   September 30, 2016  , compared to   $1,134.4 million   at   December 31, 2015  , primarily due to the change in unrealized appreciation of fixed maturity securities during the period and net income, partially offset by dividends paid. 
    
  At   September 30, 2016  , FBL's common stockholders' equity was   $1,311.3 million  , or   $52.72     per share, compared to   $1,131.4 million  , or   $45.61   per share, at   December 31, 2015  . Included in stockholders' equity per common share is   $11.78   at   September 30, 2016   and   $4.62   at   December 31, 2015   attributable to accumulated other comprehensive income.  

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
    
  Cash Flows 
    
  During the first nine months of   2016  , our operating activities generated cash flows totaling   $171.1 million  , consisting of net income of   $80.3 million   adjusted for non-cash operating revenues and expenses netting to $90.8 million. We used cash of   $214.4 million   in our investing activities during the   2016   period. The primary uses were   $773.0 million   of investment acquisitions, mostly in fixed maturity securities, partially offset by   $548.1 million   in sales, maturities and repayments of investments. Our financing activities provided cash of   $79.2 million   during the   2016   period. The primary financing source was   $431.3 million   in receipts from interest sensitive products credited to policyholder account balances, which was partially offset by   $257.9 million   for return of policyholder account balances on interest sensitive products and $81.1 million for dividends paid to stockholders. 

53 

     Table of Contents  

Sources and Uses of Capital Resources  
    
  Parent company cash inflows from operations consist primarily of fees that it charges various subsidiaries and affiliates for management of their operations, expense reimbursements and tax settlements from subsidiaries and affiliates, proceeds from the exercise of employee stock options, investment income and dividends from subsidiaries, if declared and paid. Revenue sources for the parent company during the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   included management fees from subsidiaries and affiliates totaling $6.1 million and dividends of $72.4 million. Cash outflows are principally for salaries, taxes and other expenses related to providing management services, dividends on outstanding stock, stock repurchases and interest on our parent company debt. 
    
  As discussed in Note 6 to our consolidated financial statements, we have periodically taken advantage of opportunities to repurchase our outstanding Class A common stock through Class A common stock repurchase programs approved by our Board of Directors. At   September 30, 2016  , $49.5 million remains available for repurchase under the current $50.0 million Class A common stock repurchase program. Under both the current and recently expired repurchase programs, we repurchased 10,322 shares for $0.6 million during the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  . Completion of this program is dependent on market conditions and other factors. There is no guarantee as to the exact timing of any repurchases or the number of shares that we will repurchase. The share repurchase program may be modified or terminated at any time without prior notice. 
    
  Interest payments on our debt totaled $3.6 million for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015  . Interest payments on our debt outstanding at   September 30, 2016   are estimated to be $1.2 million for the remainder of   2016  .  
    
  Farm Bureau Life's cash inflows primarily consist of premiums; deposits to policyholder account balances; income from investments; sales, maturities and calls of investments; and repayments of investment principal. Farm Bureau Life's cash outflows are primarily related to withdrawals of policyholder account balances, investment purchases, payment of policy acquisition costs, policyholder benefits, income taxes, current operating expenses and dividends. Life insurance companies generally produce a positive cash flow, which may be measured by the degree to which cash inflows are adequate to meet benefit obligations to policyholders and normal operating expenses as they are incurred. The remaining cash flow is generally used to increase the asset base to provide funds to meet the need for future policy benefit payments and for writing new business. Continuing operations and financing activities from Farm Bureau Life relating to interest sensitive products provided funds totaling $343.1 million for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and $303.4 million for the prior year period.  
    
  Farm Bureau Life's ability to pay dividends to the parent company is limited by law to earned profits (statutory unassigned surplus) as of the date the dividend is paid, as determined in accordance with accounting practices prescribed by insurance regulatory authorities of the State of Iowa. At December 31, 2015, Farm Bureau Life s statutory unassigned surplus was $469.6 million. There are certain additional limits on the amount of dividends that may be paid within a year without approval of the Insurance Division, Department of Commerce of the State of Iowa (the Iowa Insurance Division) as discussed in Note 7 to our consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of our 2015 Form 10-K. During the remainder of 2016, the maximum amount legally available for distribution to the parent company without further regulatory approval is $32.5 million.  
    
  We paid regular cash dividends on our common and preferred stock during the nine-month period ended September 30 totaling $31.4     million in   2016   and $29.9 million in   2015  . In addition, we paid a special $2.00 per common share cash dividend in March 2016 totaling $49.7 million and in March 2015 totaling $49.5 million. It is anticipated that quarterly cash dividend requirements for 2016 will be $0.0075 per Series B preferred share and $0.42 per common share. The level of common stock dividends are analyzed quarterly and are dependent upon our capital and liquidity positions. In addition, alternative uses of excess capital may impact future dividend levels. Assuming these quarterly dividend rates, the common and preferred dividends would total approximately $10.5 million for the remainder of 2016. The parent company expects to have sufficient resources and cash flows to meet its interest and dividend payments throughout 2016. The parent company had available cash and investments totaling $64.4     million at   September 30, 2016  . FBL Financial Group, Inc. expects to rely on available cash resources, dividends from Farm Bureau Life and management fee income to make dividend payments to its stockholders and interest payments on its debt. We had no material commitments for capital expenditures as of   September 30, 2016  .  
    
  We manage the amount of capital held by our insurance subsidiaries to ensure we meet regulatory requirements. State laws specify regulatory actions if an insurer's risk-based capital (RBC) ratio, a measure of solvency, falls below certain levels. The NAIC has a standard formula for annually assessing RBC based on the various risk factors related to an insurance company's capital and surplus, including insurance, business, asset and interest rate risks. The insurance regulators monitor the level of RBC against a statutory "authorized control level" RBC at which point regulators have the option to assume control of the insurance company. The company action level RBC is 200% of the authorized control level and is the first point at which any action would be triggered. Our adjusted capital and RBC is reported to our insurance regulators annually based on formulas that  

54 

     Table of Contents  

may be revised throughout the year. We estimate our adjusted capital and RBC quarterly; however, these estimates may differ from annual results should the regulatory formulas change. As of   September 30, 2016  , our statutory total adjusted capital is estimated at $676.7 million, resulting in a RBC ratio of 547%, based on company action level capital of $123.6 million. 
    
  On a consolidated basis, we anticipate that funds to meet our short-term and long-term capital expenditures, cash dividends to stockholders and operating cash needs will come from existing capital and internally-generated funds. However, there can be no assurance that future experience regarding benefits and surrenders will be similar to historic experience since benefits and surrender levels are influenced by such factors as the interest rate environment, our financial strength ratings, the economy and other factors that impact policyholder behavior. Farm Bureau Life is a member of the FHLB, which provides a source for additional liquidity, if needed. This membership allows us to utilize fixed or floating rate advances offered by the FHLB and secured by qualifying collateral. Our total capacity to utilize such advances is impacted by multiple factors including the market value of eligible collateral, our level of statutory admitted assets and excess reserves and our willingness or capacity to hold activity-based FHLB common stock. 

Contractual Obligations 
    
  In the normal course of business, we enter into insurance contracts, financing transactions, lease agreements or other commitments that are necessary or beneficial to our operations. These commitments may obligate us to certain cash flows during future periods. There have been no material changes to our total contractual obligations since   December 31, 2015  . 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
    
  Market Risks of Financial Instruments    
    
  There have been no material changes in the market risks from the information provided in  Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  in our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   December 31, 2015  . 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
    
  At the end of the period covered by this report, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports filed or submitted under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 (the Act) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission's rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Act is accumulated and communicated to the issuer's management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
    
  Our internal control over financial reporting changes from time-to-time as we modify and enhance our systems and processes to meet our dynamic needs. Changes are also made as we strive to be more efficient in how we conduct our business. While changes have taken place in our internal controls during the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  , there have been no changes that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  

55 

Table of Contents  

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS  
    
  On April 8, 2016, the U.S. Department of Labor (DOL) issued regulations (the Final Rule) addressing when companies and individuals providing investment advice with respect to certain employee benefit plans or individual retirement accounts (IRAs) are considered a fiduciary under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA) and the Internal Revenue Code. The Final Rule offers a very broad definition of fiduciary investment advice, which includes services currently offered to some of our customers with such plans or IRAs. The DOL has also issued a new set of prohibited transaction exemptions (PTEs) and amendments to existing PTEs to permit certain common fee and compensation practices to continue. Under the Final Rule the agents who sell fixed indexed annuities and the registered representatives who sell variable annuities or investment products for use in certain employee benefit plans or IRAs would be considered fiduciaries, and could subject themselves and one or more of our companies to additional disclosures, reporting, record keeping and other regulatory requirements. It is not uncommon for our customers to utilize products we offer in such plans. We believe the Final Rule will require adjustments and refinements to our current practices and procedures in order to comply with the Final Rule. We expect to sell all qualified products under PTE 2016-1, formerly known as the Best Interest Contract Exemption, or BICE. We believe that the rule will not have a material impact on sales, assuming the rule does not negatively affect customer behavior. There will be initial one-time expenses incurred to develop the processes to comply with the rule, however, our initial assessment suggests that ongoing administration costs will not be significant. The effective date of the Final Rule is June 7, 2016, but the provisions of the Final Rule will not apply until April 10, 2017. Limited additional transition relief is available until January 1, 2018, under exemptions released with the Final Rule. We continue to analyze the potential effect of the Final Rule on our businesses.  
    
  The performance of our company is subject to a variety of risks that you should review. Occurrence of these risks could materially affect our business, results of operations or financial condition, cause the trading price of our common stock to decline materially or cause our actual results to differ materially from those expected or those expressed in any forward looking statements made by or on behalf of the Company. Please refer to Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors, of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   December 31, 2015  . 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
    
   (c) Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities  
    
  We had no issuer purchases of equity securities for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  . We have $49.5 million available under a stock repurchase program announced on March 3, 2016, which will expire on March 31, 2018. The program authorizes us to make repurchases of Class A common stock in the open market or through privately negotiated transactions, with the timing and terms of the purchases to be determined by management based on market conditions. Completion of the program is dependent on market conditions and other factors. There is no guarantee as to the exact timing of any repurchases or the number of shares, if any, that we will repurchase. The share repurchase program may be modified or terminated at any time without prior notice.  

56 

Table of Contents  

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
    
  (a) Exhibits:  
                 31.1+ 
    Certification Pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
      31.2+ 
    Certification Pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
      32+ 
    Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
      101+# 
    Interactive Data Files formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language) from FBL Financial Group, Inc.'s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 as follows: (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss), (iv) Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders' Equity, (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and (vi) Notes to Financial Statements 

+ 
    Filed or furnished herewith 
      # 
    In accordance with Rule 402 of Regulation S-T, the XBRL related information in this report shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, and shall not be incorporated by reference into any registration statement or other document filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. 

57 

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURES 
    
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Date:      November 3, 2016                   

FBL FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 

By 
    /s/ James P. Brannen 

James P. Brannen 

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

By 
    /s/ Donald J. Seibel 

Donald J. Seibel 

Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

58 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex311q32016.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 
                     I, James P. Brannen, certify that: 

1. 
      
    I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of FBL Financial Group, Inc.; 

2. 
      
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
      
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
      
    The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
      
    The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:     November 3, 2016    

By 
    /s/ James P. Brannen 

James P. Brannen 

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex312q32016.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION 
                     I, Donald J. Seibel, certify that: 

1. 
      
    I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of FBL Financial Group, Inc.; 

2. 
      
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
      
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
      
    The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
      
    The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:     November 3, 2016    

By 
    /s/ Donald J. Seibel 

Donald J. Seibel 

Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 ex32q32016.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32 
    
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  In connection with the   Quarterly   Report of FBL Financial Group, Inc. (the "Company") on Form   10-Q   for the period ended   September 30, 2016   as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or about the date hereof (the "Report"), I, James P. Brannen, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and I, Donald J. Seibel, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
    
                           (1 
    ) 
      
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; 

and 

(2 
    ) 
      
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date:    November 3, 2016    

By 
    /s/ James P. Brannen 

James P. Brannen 

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

By 
    /s/ Donald J. Seibel 

Donald J. Seibel 

Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to FBL Financial Group, Inc., and will be retained by FBL Financial Group, Inc., and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 fbl-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 fbl-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 fbl-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 fbl-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 fbl-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 fbl-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

