<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_846475_0001144204-16-133951_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3273894</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>84486</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>1218664</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>468028</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>961094</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>495202</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>18</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-133951.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114125735
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-133951
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		62
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ZYNEX INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000846475
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTROMEDICAL & ELECTROTHERAPEUTIC APPARATUS [3845]
		IRS NUMBER:				870403828
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	033-26787-D
		FILM NUMBER:		161992966

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9990 PARK MEADOWS DRIVE
		CITY:			LONE TREE
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80124
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(303) 703-4906

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9990 PARK MEADOWS DRIVE
		CITY:			LONE TREE
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80124

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ZYNEX MEDICAL HOLDINGS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20050812

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ZYNEX MEDICAL HOLDINGS   INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20040120

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FOX RIVER HOLDINGS  INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20031126

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-133951.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 v452312_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

(Mark One)   

For the quarterly period ended: September
30, 2016   

OR   

For the transition period from                     
to                        

Commission file number  33-26787-D    

Zynex, Inc.   

  (Exact name of registrant as specified
in its charter)  

(303) 703-4906   

  (Registrant s telephone number,
including area code)  

(Former name, former address and former
fiscal year, if changed since last report)    

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed
all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes   x     No      

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted
electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes  x     No     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large
accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act. (Check One): 

Large accelerated filer  

Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  
       
           (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  
       
      Smaller reporting company  
       
      x   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes        No  x  

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s
classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 

ZYNEX, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   

  INDEX TO FORM 10-Q   

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Page    
 
      Item 1.  
       Financial Statements   
      3   

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015   
      3   

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
      4   

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statement of Stockholders  Deficit for the nine months ended September 30, 2016   
      5   

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
      6   

Unaudited Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   
      7   

Item 2.  
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
      16   

Item 3.  
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
      24   

Item 4.  
       Controls and Procedures   
      24   

PART II OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1.  
       Legal Proceedings   
      25   

Item 1A.  
       Risk Factors   
      25   

Item 2.  
       Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities And Use of Proceeds   
      25   

Item 5.  
       Other Information   
      25   

Item 6.  
       Exhibits   
      26   

SIGNATURES   
      27   

2  

PART
I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

ZYNEX, INC.   

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

(AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT NUMBER
OF SHARES)  

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed
consolidated financial statements. 

3  

ZYNEX, INC.   

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
OPERATIONS   

  (UNAUDITED, AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT
SHARE AND PER SHARE DATA)  

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed
consolidated financial statements. 

4  

ZYNEX, INC.   

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS 
DEFICIT  

  (UNAUDITED, AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT
SHARE DATA)   

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed
consolidated financial statements. 

5  

ZYNEX, INC.   

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
CASH FLOWS   

  (UNAUDITED, AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS)   

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed
consolidated financial statements. 

6  

ZYNEX, INC.   

  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS   

  (UNAUDITED, AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT
NUMBER OF SHARES AND PER SHARE DATA)   

  NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016
AND 2015   

(1)  ORGANIZATION, NATURE OF BUSINESS AND UNAUDITED
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

Organization   

Zynex, Inc. (a Nevada corporation) has its headquarters in Lone
Tree, Colorado. The Company operates in one primary business segment, Electrotherapy and Pain Management Products. As of December
31, 2015, the Company s only active subsidiary is Zynex Medical, Inc. ( ZMI,  a wholly-owned Colorado corporation)
through which the Company conducts most of its operations. One other subsidiary, Zynex Europe, ApS ( ZEU,  a wholly-owned
Denmark corporation), produced minimal revenues during 2015 and 2016 from international sales and marketing. Zynex Monitoring Solutions,
Inc. ( ZMS,  a wholly-owned Colorado corporation) is developing a blood volume monitoring device, but it is not yet
developed or ready for market and, as a result, ZMS has achieved no revenues to date. Its inactive subsidiaries include Zynex NeuroDiagnostics,
Inc. ( ZND,  a wholly-owned Colorado corporation), Zynex Billing and Consulting, LLC ( ZBC,  an 80% owned
Colorado limited liability company) and Pharmazy, Inc. ( Pharmazy ), which was incorporated in June 2015 as a wholly-owned
Colorado corporation. The Company s compound pharmacy operated as a division of ZMI dba as Pharmazy through January 2016. 

The term  the Company  refers to Zynex, Inc. and
its active and inactive subsidiaries. 

Nature of Business   

ZMI designs, manufactures and markets U.S. Food and Drug Administration
(FDA) cleared medical devices that treat chronic and acute pain, as well as activate and exercise muscles for rehabilitative purposes
with electrical stimulation. ZEU was formed in 2012 to conduct international sales and marketing for Company products. ZEU produced
minimal revenues during 2016 and 2015. In addition, ZMI dba Pharmazy, which sold compound transdermal pain cream, began operations
in early 2014 and was closed in January 2016. 

ZMS was formed to develop and market medical devices for non-invasive
cardiac monitoring, the products of which are under development. The Company is currently developing a blood volume monitoring
device (Blood Volume Monitor). ZMS produced no revenues during 2016 or 2015. 

ZND was formed in 2011 to market electromyography ( EMG ),
electroencephalography ( EEG ), sleep pattern, auditory and nerve conductivity neurological diagnosis devices to hospitals
and clinics worldwide. In 2014, the Company decided to no longer focus on selling this product line. ZBC was formed in 2012 to
provide medical billing and consulting services. The Company stopped offering billing and consulting services in April 2015. No
significant revenue was generated from ZND or ZBC in 2015. 

In 2016 and 2015, the Company generated substantially all of
its revenue in North America from sales and rentals of its products to patients, dealers and health care providers. 

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   

The unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included
herein have been prepared by the Company pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC )
and accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( U.S. GAAP ). Certain information and
footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP have been condensed or omitted
pursuant to such rules and regulations, although the Company believes that the disclosures included herein are adequate to make
the information presented not misleading. A description of the Company s accounting policies and other financial information
is included in the audited consolidated financial statements as filed with the SEC in the Company s Annual Report on Form
10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. Amounts as of December 31, 2015, are derived from those audited consolidated
financial statements. These interim condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the annual audited
financial statements, accounting policies and notes thereto, included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
year ended December 31, 2015, which has previously been filed with the SEC. 

In the opinion of management, the accompanying unaudited condensed
consolidated financial statements contain all adjustments necessary to present fairly the financial position of the Company as
of September 30, 2016 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the periods presented.  The results of operations
for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be achieved for
a full fiscal year and cannot be used to indicate financial performance for the entire year. 

Reclassifications    

Certain reclassifications
have been made to the prior years  condensed consolidated financial statements to conform to the current year presentation.
These reclassifications had no effect on previously reported results of operations or cash flows.  

7  

ZYNEX, INC.   

  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS   

  (UNAUDITED, AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT
NUMBER OF SHARES AND PER SHARE DATA)   

  NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016
AND 2015   

Recent Accounting Pronouncements   

In July 2015, the  Financial
Accounting Standards Board ( FASB) issued  Accounting Standards Update ( ASU)
No. 2015-11,  Inventory (Topic 330) Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory , which changes the measurement from lower
of cost or market to lower of cost and net realizable value. The guidance requires prospective application for reporting periods
beginning after December 15, 2016 and permits adoption in an earlier period. The Company is evaluating the impact of this guidance
on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

In August 2014, the FASB
issued ASU 2014-15  Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40) Disclosure of Uncertainties
about an Entity s Ability to continue as a Going Concern . The amendments in this update provide guidance in GAAP about
management s responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity s ability to continue as
a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures. The amendments in this update are effective for the annual period
ending after December 15, 2016 and for interim periods thereafter. Early application is permitted. The Company is evaluating the
effect of this updated guidance on the disclosures in the footnotes to the Company s consolidated financial statements.  

In May 2014, the FASB
issued ASU No. 2014-09  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)  which amended revenue recognition
guidance to clarify the principles for recognizing revenue from contracts with customers. The guidance requires an entity to recognize
revenue to depict the transfer of goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which an entity
expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The guidance also requires expanded disclosures relating to the
nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers. Additionally, qualitative
and quantitative disclosures are required about customer contracts, significant judgments and changes in judgments, and assets
recognized from the costs to obtain or fulfill a contract. This accounting guidance is effective for the Company beginning in the
first quarter of fiscal year 2018, using one of two prescribed retrospective methods. Early adoption is permitted only as of annual
reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016. The Company is evaluating the impact of the amended revenue recognition guidance
on the Company s consolidated financial statements.  

Management has evaluated other recently issued accounting pronouncements
and does not believe that any of these pronouncements will have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial
statements. 

8  

ZYNEX, INC.   

  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS   

  (UNAUDITED, AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT
NUMBER OF SHARES AND PER SHARE DATA)   

  NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016
AND 2015  

(2) BACKGROUND AND MANAGEMENT S PLANS   

Background   

For the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, the Company
reported net losses of $2,911 and $6,199, respectively. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had no available borrowing under
its line of credit although, based on an interim agreement with the Company s senior secured lender, Triumph Healthcare Finance,
a division of TBK Bank, SSB, formerly known as Triumph Community Bank, (the  Lender ), continues to make additional
loans to the Company based on the Company s cash collections. The Company s working capital deficit at September 30,
2016 totaled ($4,464) as compared to ($4,773) at December 31, 2015. In addition, the Company remains in default of its secured
line of credit and as a result, if its lender insists upon immediate repayment, the Company will be unable to do so and may be
forced to seek protection from its creditors. The Company has not been in compliance with the financial covenants under the agreement
with its primary lender since July 2014. The Company s assets, both at December 31, 2015 and at September 30, 2016, are significantly
less than the Company s liabilities, and the Company is dependent on its banking relationship to be able to pay its obligations
as they become due. 

The Company s losses, lack of liquidity, and substantial
working capital deficit raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The accompanying
consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and
the settlement of liabilities in the normal course of business. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments
relating to the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary
should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

Although the Company s revenues increased during the three
months and nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the same periods in the prior year, the Company has not recovered
from the significant revenue decreases in total net revenue for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 (approximately $11.6
million and $11.1 million, respectively) as compared to 2013 and 2012 (approximately $21.7 million and $39.7 million, respectively).
The primary reasons for the decline in revenue from 2012-2013 to 2014-2015 were (i) the impact of Medicare and healthcare reform,
(ii) a loss of Zynex s independent sales force to sell transdermal compounded pain cream from competing pharmacies rather
than focusing on selling the Company s Electrotherapy products and (iii) in the latter part of 2012, the elimination of Medicare
reimbursement for transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation (TENS) Electrotherapy products for low-back pain while still covering
TENS for other indications. Medicare also continued increasing the requirements for paperwork and documentation in connection with
reimbursement requests. As a result, late in 2013 Zynex began declining orders for Medicare and Medicaid patients. Commercial and
workers  compensation insurance plans continue to reimburse at similar levels as in previous years and have not adopted Medicare s
limited coverage.  

During 2015 and throughout 2014, in an effort to minimize the
impact of the challenges discussed above, the Company restructured its internal operations, including manufacturing, billing and
customer service; and made reductions in its fixed expenses by cutting its administrative costs by approximately $2.2 million and
$9.7 million, respectively, principally through reductions in headcount and facilities rent. In addition, the Company during the
second quarter of 2014 narrowed its focus to the NexWave, InWave and NeuroMove electrotherapy products and continued to build the
sales representative group for its electrotherapy solutions. The Company continued to narrow this focus by closing its billing
consulting services in April 2015 and closing its compound pain cream operations in January 2016. The Company is continuing to
address cost of revenues and overhead expenses in 2016 and as a result has improved the Company s operating performance for
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 (being net income of $532 and net loss of $(140) respectively) as compared to
the same periods of the prior year (being net losses of $(322) and $(1,711) respectively). 

During the fourth quarter of 2015, the electrotherapy industry
experienced a significant development when the Company s largest competitor (DJO/Empi) announced the closure of their Empi
electrotherapy division. Empi previously held a large share of the electrotherapy market. Management believes this presents a significant
growth opportunity for the Company. The Company has recruited many former Empi sales representatives, including those in areas
where it had no previous representation. In addition, during 2016, the Company s orders have been steadily increasing as
compared to 2015. To focus on growth and the potential for future positive cash flow, the Company has committed its limited resources
to the new salesforce, including the supporting product production and supporting administrative (customer service and billing)
personnel. 

The Company is not in compliance with the financial covenants
under the terms of its line of credit with the Lender. See Note 7 to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
in this Quarterly Report for further discussion. 

9  

ZYNEX, INC.   

  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS   

  (UNAUDITED, AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT
NUMBER OF SHARES AND PER SHARE DATA)   

  NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016
AND 2015   

Management s Plans   

The Company s business plan for the remainder of 2016
and into 2017 focuses on the Company s effort to attain external financing, retaining the Lender s continued support,
maintaining the continued support of the Company s vendors on the slow payment of past due invoices, and pursuing organic
growth in our electrotherapy and pain management products with a goal of attaining positive cash flow. The accomplishment of organic
growth in revenues and cash flows is dependent on taking advantage of the Empi opportunity, increasing the number of sales representatives,
promoting the EZ Rx Prescribe program (described further below) and continuing improvements to the Company s billing organization
and processes. The Company s long-term business plan contemplates organic growth in revenues through an increase in the electrotherapy
market share and the addition of new products such as the ZMS Blood Volume Monitor, which is currently under development. 

The Company is actively seeking additional financing through
the issuance of debt or sale of equity. The additional capital is to refinance or replace the line of credit and to provide the
additional working capital necessary to continue the Company s business operations. The Company s history of net losses
and negative working capital may make it difficult to raise any new capital and any such capital raised (if any) may result in
significant dilution to existing stockholders. The Company is not certain whether any such financing would be available to the
Company on acceptable terms, or at all. Any additional debt would require the approval of the Lender. A significant component of
our negative working capital at September 30, 2016 is the amount due under our line of credit and past due accounts payable, all
of which is considered a current liability. 

In addition to seeking external financing, the Company has
and will continue to monitor and control its sales growth, product production needs and administrative costs going forward.
The Company s efforts to reduce costs and increase revenues have led to net  income (loss) from operations for the
three- and nine-month periods in 2016 ($532 and ($140), respectively) as compared to losses for the same periods in 2015
(($322) and ($1,711), respectively). If the Company continues to increase its revenue while controlling its administrative
costs and the Lender permits it to continue to operate, the Company believes that it may continue its 2016 return to
profitability in future periods. The Company believes that as a result of potential growth opportunities coupled with reduced
administrative expenses, the securing of additional capital (if available), the continued support of its Lender (which cannot
be assured), and the continued support of vendors to work with the Company on the slow payment of past due bills (which
cannot be assured); that the Company s cash flows from operating activities will be sufficient to fund the
Company s cash requirements through the next twelve months. Management believes that its cash flow projections for 2016
are achievable and that sufficient cash will be generated to meet the Company s currently restrained operating
requirements. Such cash is projected to be generated by securing external financing, retaining the continued support of the
Lender and vendors, and increasing cash flow from operations generated from organic growth. There is no guarantee that
the Company will be able to meet the requirements of its 2016 cash flow projections or that it will be able to address its
working capital shortages; the principal component of which is the negative working capital. 

There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to secure
additional external financing, the Lender will continue to make loan advances, the vendors will continue to work with slow repayment
terms, and the sales and cash flow growth are attainable and sustainable. The Company s dependence on operating cash flows
means that risks involved in the Company s business can significantly affect the Company s liquidity. Contingencies
such as unanticipated shortfalls in revenues or increases in expenses could affect the Company s projected revenues, and
cash flows from operations and liquidity, which may force the Company to curtail its operating plan or impede the Company 
growth. 

10  

ZYNEX, INC.   

  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS   

  (UNAUDITED, AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT
NUMBER OF SHARES AND PER SHARE DATA)   

  NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016
AND 2015   

(3)  PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT    

Property and equipment as of September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, consist of the following: 

(4)  EARNING (LOSS) PER SHARE    

Basic earnings (loss) per share is computed by dividing net
income (loss) by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share is computed
by dividing net loss by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding and the number of dilutive potential common share
equivalents during the period, calculated using the treasury-stock method. For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015and
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the potential common stock equivalents totaled 2,040,958; 1,450,500 and 2,210,250;
1,450,500, respectively, and were excluded from the dilutive income (loss) per share calculation as their impacts were antidilutive. 

11  

ZYNEX, INC.   

  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS   

  (UNAUDITED, AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT
NUMBER OF SHARES AND PER SHARE DATA)   

  NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016
AND 2015   

(5)  STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION PLANS    

The Company previously reserved 3,000,000 shares of common stock
for issuance under its 2005 Stock Option Plan (the  Option Plan ). The Option Plan expired as of December 31, 2014.
Vesting provisions are determined by the Board of Directors. All stock options under the Option Plan expire no later than ten years
from the date of grant. Since the Option Plan expired, the options granted in 2015 and 2016 have not been approved by the Company s
shareholders and were issued as non-qualified stock options. 

In the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company
recorded compensation expense related to stock options of $171 and $67, respectively. 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company
granted options to purchase up to 804,000 shares of common stock to employees at a weighted average exercise of $0.27 per share.
The 2016 grants were issued as non-qualified stock options. 

The Company used the Black Scholes option pricing model to determine
the fair value of stock option grants, using the following assumptions during the nine months ended September 30, 2016: 

12  

ZYNEX, INC.   

  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS   

  (UNAUDITED, AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT
NUMBER OF SHARES AND PER SHARE DATA)   

  NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016
AND 2015   

(5)  STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION PLANS  (continued)

A summary of stock option activity under all equity compensation
plans for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, is presented below: 

A summary of status of the Company s non-vested share
awards as of and for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, is presented below: 

As of September 30, 2016, the Company had approximately $252
of unrecognized compensation expense related to stock options that will be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately
5 years. 

(6)  INCOME TAXES    

The provision for income taxes is recorded at the end of each
interim period based on the Company s best estimate of its effective income tax rate expected to be applicable for the full
fiscal year. The Company s effective income tax rate was 0% for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015, respectively, as the realization of any deferred tax assets is not more likely than not. The Company paid no income taxes
during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

13  

ZYNEX, INC.   

  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS   

  (UNAUDITED, AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT
NUMBER OF SHARES AND PER SHARE DATA)   

  NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016
AND 2015   

(7)  LINE OF CREDIT    

The Company has an asset-backed revolving credit facility under
a Loan and Security Agreement as amended, (the  Triumph Agreement ) with Triumph Healthcare Finance, a division of
TBK Bank, SSB, formerly known as Triumph Community Bank, (the  Lender ). The Triumph Agreement contains certain customary
restrictive and financial covenants for asset-backed credit facilities. The Company has not been in compliance with the financial
covenants under the Triumph Agreement since July 2014. 

On July 14, 2014, the Company received notice from the Lender
of an event of default under the Triumph Agreement. The notice relates to the Company s default under the minimum debt service
coverage ratio requirement for the quarter ended March 31, 2014 and certain other alleged defaults. The Lender notified the Company
that it was exercising its default remedies under the Triumph Agreement, including, among others, accelerating the repayment of
all outstanding obligations under the Triumph Agreement (outstanding principal and accrued interest) and collecting the Company s
bank deposits to apply towards the outstanding obligations. The Company and the Lender have been discussing the terms of an accelerated
repayment of the amounts outstanding under the Triumph Agreement and the Lender has (pursuant to a forbearance agreement which
has been extended through December 31, 2016) continued to make additional loans to the Company based on cash collections. As a
result of the Company s increased revenues and cash flow, the Company was able to make a $976 payment to the Lender against
the principal amount of the debt during the first nine months of 2016 as compared to only a $120 payment against principal during
the same period in 2015. This payment during 2016 resulted from increased accounts receivable collections, principally from a single
insurance carrier which (as described in Note 8 to the unaudited financial statements below) we may be obligated to refund to the
insurance carrier. 

Notwithstanding the Company s improved performance in
2016 and expectations for the future, no assurance can be given that the Lender will continue to make such additional loans or
that the parties will agree on a repayment plan acceptable to the Company. If the Lender insists upon immediate repayment, the
Company may be forced to seek protection from creditors. 

As of September 30, 2016, $3,027 was outstanding under the Triumph
Agreement and zero was available for borrowing based on the default status. Borrowings under the Triumph Agreement bear interest
at the default interest rate. As of September 30, 2016, the effective interest rate under the Triumph Agreement was approximately
11.0% (6.75% interest rate plus 3% additional default interest rate and 1.25% fees). The Triumph Agreement requires monthly interest
payments in arrears on the first day of each month. The Triumph Agreement matured on December 19, 2014. Triumph has agreed to forbear
from the exercise of its rights and remedies under the terms of the Triumph Agreement through December 31, 2016, pursuant to the
terms of the September 29, 2016 forbearance agreement. The Triumph Agreement requires a lockbox arrangement whereby all receipts
are swept daily to reduce borrowings outstanding. The Company is obligated to reduce the loan balance by $85 each month. In connection
with the agreement entered into on March 28, 2016, the Lender suspended this monthly payment requirement for February, March and
April of 2016 up to an aggregate cap of $250, in exchange for the issuance of a warrant to purchase 50,000 shares of the Company s
common stock. 

The Company used the Black Scholes option pricing model to determine
the fair value of the stock warrant, using the following assumptions: 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company
recorded bank fee expense related to this stock warrant of $15.  

14  

ZYNEX, INC.   

  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS   

  (UNAUDITED, AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT
NUMBER OF SHARES AND PER SHARE DATA)   

  NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016
AND 2015   

(8) DEFERRED INSURANCE REIMBURSEMENT   

During the first quarter of 2016, the Company collected $880
from a single insurance company for accounts receivable. The accounts receivable had been previously reduced to zero by the allowance
for contractual adjustments. Subsequent to March 31, 2016, the insurance company verbally communicated to the Company that this
payment was made in error and requested it be refunded to the insurance company. The Company recorded this $880 insurance reimbursement
as a deferred insurance liability. However, the Company is disputing the refund request and has initiated an internal audit of
the reimbursement to determine that the original sales arrangement was properly executed, the products had been shipped and title
was transferred (or rental services were rendered), the price of the products or services and the reimbursement rate is fixed and
determinable, and the Company s ultimate claim to the reimbursement is reasonably assured. The Company will record the appropriate
amount as net revenue when such internal audit is complete and the Company s claim to the amount is reasonably assured. 

(9)  CAPITAL LEASES AND OTHER OBLIGATIONS   

The Company had previously entered into a Lease Termination
Agreement ( LTA ) and new Lease Agreement ( LA ) with its landlord relating to the Company s headquarters
location in Lone Tree, Colorado, under which the Company reduced the amount of space leased at its headquarters. Subsequently,
on August 12, 2016, the Company entered into an amended Lease Agreement to extend and amend the terms and conditions of the LA. 

The following is a summary of the key terms of the LA, as amended: 

The original term of the LA term was extended by two years and as amended is to end, unless sooner terminated, on December 31, 2018;   

Fixed rental payments were decreased from $49 to $38 per month; and   

The Company and landlord shall each have the right to terminate the lease at any time, without liability to the other, with ninety days (originally six months) prior written notice to the Company and ninety days written notice to the Landlord.   

The Company also leases certain equipment under capital leases
which expire on various dates through 2018. Imputed interest rates on the leases range from approximately 5% to 10%. At September
30, 2016, the total recorded cost of assets under capital leases was approximately $461. Accumulated depreciation related to these
assets totals approximately $264. 

(10)  CONCENTRATIONS    

The Company sourced approximately 35% and 40% of components
for its electrotherapy products from one vendor during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Management
believes that its relationships with suppliers are good; however, the Company has delayed and extended payments to many of its
vendors for cash flow reasons, which has caused many of its vendors to require pre-payment for products or services. If the relationships
were to be replaced, there may be a short-term disruption to operations, a period of time in which products may not be available
and additional expenses may be incurred. 

The Company had receivables from a private health insurance
carrier at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, that made up approximately15% and 5%, respectively, of the net accounts receivable
balance. 

(11)  LITIGATION    

From time to time, the Company may become party to litigation
and other claims in the ordinary course of business. To the extent that such claims and litigation arise, management would provide
for them if losses are determined to be both probable and estimable. 

The Company is currently not a party to any material pending
legal proceedings. 

15  

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION
AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   

Cautionary Notice Regarding Forward-Looking Statements  

This quarterly report contains statements that are forward-looking,
such as statements relating to plans for future organic growth and other business development activities, as well as the impact
of reimbursement trends, other capital spending and financing sources. Such forward-looking information involves important risks
and uncertainties that could significantly affect anticipated results in the future and, accordingly, such results may differ from
those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of the Company. These risks include the Company s
difficulty in paying its debts as they become due, the need for additional capital in order to grow our business, our ability to
avoid insolvency and engage effective sales representatives, the need to obtain U.S. Food and Drug Administration ( FDA )
clearance and Certificate European ( CE ) marking of new products, the acceptance of new products as well as existing
products by doctors and hospitals, our dependence on the reimbursement from insurance companies for products sold or rented to
our customers, acceptance of our products by health insurance providers for reimbursement, larger competitors with greater financial
resources, the need to keep pace with technological changes, our dependence on third-party manufacturers to produce key components
of our products on time and to our specifications, implementation of our sales strategy including a strong direct sales force,
and other risks described herein and in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

These interim financial statements and the information contained
in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q should be read in conjunction with the annual audited consolidated financial statements,
and notes to consolidated financial statements, included in the Company s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequently
filed reports, which have previously been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

General  

We operate in one primary business segment, Electrotherapy and
Pain Management Products. We only have a single active subsidiary: Zynex Medical, Inc. ( ZMI,  a wholly-owned Colorado
corporation). Another subsidiary, Zynex Europe, ApS ( ZEU,  a wholly-owned Denmark corporation), produced nominal revenues
during 2015 and 2016 from international sales and marketing. Zynex Monitoring Solutions, Inc. ( ZMS,  a wholly-owned
Colorado corporation) is developing a blood volume monitoring device, but it is not yet developed or ready for market and, as a
result, ZMS has achieved no revenues to date. Our inactive subsidiaries include Zynex NeuroDiagnostics, Inc. ( ZND, 
a wholly-owned Colorado corporation), Zynex Billing and Consulting, LLC ( ZBC,  an 80% owned Colorado limited liability
company) and Pharmazy, Inc. ( Pharmazy ), which was incorporated in June 2015 as a wholly-owned Colorado corporation.
Our compound pharmacy, which operated as a division of ZMI dba as Pharmazy, was closed in January 2016. None of our inactive subsidiaries
are expected to product revenue for the Company in the foreseeable future. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (  dollars in thousands, except
per share data  )   

Summary  

For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, net loss was $(140)
as compared to a net loss of $(1,711) for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. This reflects increased net revenue and decreased
cost of revenue offset by increased selling, general and administrative expense; all of which will be discussed below. This amount
does not reflect receipt of $880 from a single insurance company which has been classified as a deferred insurance liability on
our balance sheet. We will record the appropriate amount as revenue when an internal audit is complete and our claim to the amount
is reasonably assured. See Note 8 to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in this Quarterly Report for
further discussion of the classification of the $880 as a deferred insurance reimbursement. 

16  

Background  

For the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, we
reported net losses of $(2.9) million, $(6.2) million and $(7.3) million, respectively. As of September 30, 2016 we had a working
capital deficit of $(4,464) as compared to $(4,773) at December 31, 2015 and had no available borrowing under our line of credit
(which the Lender declared to be in default in July 2014). Based on an interim agreement with our principal lender (Triumph Healthcare
Finance, a division of TBK Bank, SSB (formerly known as Triumph Community Bank (the  Lender )), the Lender continues
to make additional loans to us based on our cash collections. Our historical losses, limited liquidity and continuing working capital
deficit, and the possibility for the continuation of losses, limited liquidity, and working capital deficits through 2016 and beyond
raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern unless we can raise and deploy to operations (not repayment
of debt) a significant amount of investment capital in the near future. The accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements
have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the settlement of liabilities in
the normal course of business. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability
and classification of assets or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should we be unable to continue
as a going concern. 

Our operating plans moving forward through 2016 emphasize revenue
growth and cash flow; focusing our attention on increasing the number of sales representatives, promoting our EZ Rx Prescribe program
(see description below), continued improvements to our billing organization and processes and reducing and controlling administrative
expenses. 

Total net revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2016
was $10,390 compared to $8,923 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Although net revenues improved in the first three
quarters of 2016 as compared to the same period of 2015, this continues to be a significant decrease, when annualized as compared
to revenues in 2013 and 2012 of approximately $21.7 million and $39.7 million, respectively. The primary reasons for the decline
in revenue were (i) the impact of Medicare and healthcare reform, (ii) a loss of Zynex s independent sales force to sell
transdermal compounded pain cream from competing pharmacies rather than focusing on selling our Electrotherapy products and, (iii)
in the latter part of 2012, the elimination of Medicare reimbursement for transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation (TENS) Electrotherapy
products for low-back pain while still covering TENS for other indications. Medicare also continued increasing the paperwork and
documentation requirements for reimbursement. As a result, late in 2013 Zynex began declining orders for Medicare and Medicaid
patients. Commercial and workers  compensation insurance plans continue to reimburse at similar levels as in previous years
and have not adopted Medicare s limited coverage.  

During the years ending December 31, 2015 and 2014, in an effort
to minimize the impact of the challenges discussed above, we restructured our internal operations, including manufacturing, billing
and customer service; and made reductions in our fixed expenses by cutting our administrative costs by approximately $2.2 million
and $9.7 million, respectively, principally through reductions in headcount and facilities rent. In addition, during the second
quarter of 2014 we narrowed our focus to the NexWave, InWave and NeuroMove electrotherapy products and continued to build the sales
representative group for our electrotherapy solutions. We continued to narrow our focus by closing our billing consulting services
in April 2015 and closing our compound pain cream operations in January 2016. 

In early 2014, ZMI slowly introduced the EZ Rx Prescribe program,
a new distribution model for dispensing ZMI products to patients. The program is known to prescribers, as EZ Rx Prescribe and has
streamlined the way physicians prescribe and patients receive our products, and how ZMI utilizes inventory. Under the program prescriptions
are faxed directly to ZMI reducing the requirements on the physician or office staff to spend time filling out device paperwork
and educating patients on how to use the device. After receiving a prescription, ZMI contacts the patient directly to process the
necessary paperwork and ships the device directly to the patient. Upon the patient receiving the device, they are taught how to
use the device via instructional videos on the ZMI website. The EZ Rx Prescribe program ramped up significantly during 2015, resulting
in the fact that it represented over 75% of new orders by December 2015. The EZ Rx Prescribe program has also significantly reduced
the number of units consigned to clinics for patient dispensing, thus virtually eliminating the amount of consignment inventory.
In addition, the EZ Rx Prescribe program provides ZMI more control over the decision whether to ship a unit to a patient. 

17  

During 2014 and 2015, in conjunction with the introduction and
ramp up of the EZ Rx Prescribe program, industry conditions driven by health care reforms and the ongoing evaluation of field inventory
reserves, we provided significant reserve for field inventory ($916 in 2014 and $655 during the first nine months of 2015). During
the fourth quarter of 2015, the Company wrote off the remaining non-productive field inventory. The Company wrote-off and/or provided
a reserve for field inventory during 2015 and 2014 of $1,256 and $916, respectively. During the nine months ended September 30,
2016, the Company held no inventory in the field and the Company expects to hold minimum inventory in the filed on a going forward
basis.  

During the fourth quarter of 2015, the electrotherapy industry
experienced a significant development when our largest competitor, Empi announced closing their business in the electrotherapy
market immediately. Empi previously held a large share of the electrotherapy market. We believe this presents us a significant
growth opportunity. Through September 30, 2016, we have recruited and retained over 70 former Empi sales representatives, including
those in geographic areas where we had no previous representation. During 2016, our electrotherapy product orders have averaged
2,337 per month as compared to an average of 996 per month in the first 9 months of 2015. To focus on growth and the potential
future positive cash flow from the electrotherapy products, we have committed our limited resources to the new salesforce and the
supporting product production and supporting administrative (customer service and billing) personnel. 

We continue to make progress on the development (through ZMS)
of the Blood Volume Monitor, a noninvasive device that monitors a patient s fluid level during surgery and recovery. The
device is intended to alert the doctors or nurses in real time that a patient is losing fluid (blood). We filed our complete application
for clearance with the FDA during the third quarter of 2015, received and responded to comments in October 2015, received updated
comments in May 2016 and submitted our response in October 2016 to the FDA. In addition, we are continuing to collect data from
certain international test sites and hospitals. 

As discussed herein, we are not in compliance with the financial
covenants under the terms of our line of credit with Triumph Healthcare Finance, a division of TBK Bank, SSB (formerly known as
Triumph Community Bank (the  Lender ) and we have not been in compliance since July 2014. In July 2014, the Lender
notified us that it would no longer make additional loans under the credit agreement and that it was exercising its default remedies
under the credit agreement. The Lender has agreed to forbear from the exercise of its rights and remedies under the terms of the
credit agreement and continues to make additional loans to us based on our cash collections. Our current forebearance agreement
with the Lender expires December 31, 2016. We are obligated to decrease the Lender s outstanding balance by $85 per month.
As of October 31, 2016, we had $2,921 of outstanding borrowings under the credit agreement, as compared to $3,027 at September
30, 2016 and $4,002 as of December 31, 2015. This reduction in the line of credit from December 31, 2015 primarily results from
increased accounts receivable collections, principally from a single insurance carrier which we may be obligated to refund to the
insurance carrier. Refer to Note 8 to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements for further information regarding
the payment received from this single insurance carrier. The Company and the Lender continue to negotiate the terms of an accelerated
repayment of the amounts outstanding under the credit agreement and continued extension of the forbearance agreement. However,
no assurance can be given that the Lender will continue to make such additional loans, or that the parties will agree on a repayment
plan acceptable to us. 

We are actively seeking additional financing through the issuance
of debt or equity, but we cannot offer any assurance that we will be able to do so, or if we are able to reach an agreement for
a debt or equity investor, that it will be accomplished on reasonable commercial terms. The additional capital is to pay-down in
part, refinance or replace the line of credit and to provide the additional working capital necessary to continue our business
operations. The net losses and negative working capital may make it difficult to raise any new capital and any such capital raised
(if any) may result in significant dilution to existing stockholders. We are not certain whether any such financing would be available
to us on acceptable terms, or at all. In addition, any additional debt would require the approval of the Lender. A significant
component of our negative working capital at September 30, 2016 is the amount due under our line of credit and past due accounts
payable, all of which is considered a current liability. 

Our business plan for the remainder of 2016 focuses on our effort
to attain external debt or equity financing, the Lender s continued support, maintaining vendors continued support on the
payment of past due invoices for products and services and maintaining positive cash flow from operations from organic growth.
The accomplishment of organic growth in revenues and cash flows is dependent on taking advantage of the Empi opportunity to gain
market share and the resulting increase in the number of sales representatives selling Zynex products, successfully promoting our
EZ Rx Prescribe program and continued improvements to our billing organization and processes. Our long-term business plan contemplates
organic growth in revenues through an increase in the electrotherapy market share and the addition of new products such as the
ZMS Blood Volume Monitor, which is still under development. 

18  

There can be no assurance that we will be able to secure additional
external financing or, if obtained, that it will be sufficient for our needs. We can also offer no assurance that the Lender will
continue to make loan advances, the vendors will continue to work with slow repayment terms and the sales and cash flow growth
are attainable and sustainable. Our dependence on operating cash flows means that risks involved in our business can significantly
affect our liquidity. Contingencies such as unanticipated shortfalls in revenues or increases in expenses could affect our projected
revenues, cash flows from operations and liquidity, which may force us to curtail our operating plan or impede our growth. 

Net Revenue   

Net revenues are comprised of (i) sales (which includes sales
of our TENS products, consumable supplies, and transdermal pain creams, and, through the first quarter of 2015, our billing consulting
services) and (ii) rental billings of our TENS Products, reduced by estimated Third-party Payors reimbursement deductions and an
allowance for uncollectible amounts. The reserve for contractual adjustments and allowance for uncollectible accounts are adjusted
on an ongoing basis in conjunction with the processing of Third-party Payor insurance claims and other customer collection history.
During January 2016, we ceased our transdermal pain creams for sale and they will not form a significant part of our 2016 revenue
base. 

Our electrotherapy products may be rented on a monthly basis
or purchased. Renters and purchasers are primarily patients and healthcare insurance providers on behalf of patients. Our electrotherapy
products may also be purchased by dealers and distributors. If a patient is covered by health insurance, the Third-party Payor
typically determines whether the patient will rent or purchase a unit depending on the anticipated time period for its use. Under
certain Third-party Payor contracts, a rental continues until an amount equal to the purchase price is paid then we transfer ownership
of the product to the patient and cease rental charges; while other rentals continue during the period of patient use of the equipment.
For all patients using our electrotherapy products, we also sell consumable supplies, consisting primarily of surface electrodes
and batteries. Revenue for the electrotherapy products is reported net, after adjustments for estimated insurance company reimbursement
deductions and estimated allowance for uncollectible accounts. The deductions are known throughout the health care industry as
 contractual adjustments  whereby the healthcare insurers unilaterally reduce the amount they reimburse for our products
as compared to the rental rates and sales prices charged by us. The deductions from gross revenue also take into account the estimated
denials, net of resubmitted billings of claims for products placed with patients which may affect collectability. See Note 2 to
the Consolidated Financial Statements included within our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 for a
more complete explanation of our revenue recognition policies. 

We continually pursue improvements to our processes of billing
insurance providers. We review all claims which are initially denied or not received and rental claims not billed for the full
period of use. As these situations are identified and resolved, the appropriate party is appropriately rebilled (resubmitted) or,
for those claims not previously billed, billed. 

We frequently receive, and expect to continue to receive, refund
requests from insurance providers relating to specific patients and dates of service. Billing and reimbursement disputes are very
common in our industry. These requests are sometimes related to a few patients and other times include a significant number of
refund claims in a single request. We review and evaluate these requests and determine if any refund is appropriate. We also review
claims where we are rebilling or pursuing additional reimbursement from that insurance provider. We frequently have significant
offsets against such refund requests which may result in amounts that are due to us in excess of the amounts of refunds requested
by the insurance providers. Therefore, at the time of receipt of such refund requests we are generally unable to determine if a
refund request is valid and should be accrued as a liability. 

As of September 30, 2016, we believe we have an adequate allowance
for contractual adjustments relating to known insurance disputes and refund requests. However, no assurances can be given with
respect to such estimates of reimbursements and offsets or the ultimate outcome of any refund requests, such as the potential obligation
to refund all or a portion of the $880 received from an insurance carrier as described in Note 8 to the financial statements. 

19  

Net revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015 consisted of the following: 

*       Discontinued
in January, 2016.  

Net revenue for three months ended September 30, 2016 was $3,627
compared to $2,667 for three months ending September 30, 2015. Net revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased
$1,467 (16.4%) to $10,390 as compared to $8,923 in for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase reflects an increase
in patient orders (approximately 21,036 in 2016 as compared to approximately 8,972 for the same period in 2015) resulting from
our expansion into the market upon Empi exiting the market, and the related increase in the number of our sales representatives,
offset by the decrease in Pharmacy revenue ($19 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to $1,106 for the nine
months ended September 30, 2015) and an increase in deferred revenue ($528 at September 30, 2016 as compared to $89 at December
31, 2015). 

Deferred revenue represents amounts paid by Third-party Payors
for consumable supplies that were not yet shipped to patients as of that date. The increase in deferred revenue is principally
due to delays in shipping supplies to patients, which resulted from a lack of available supply inventory as a result of cash constraints. 

Product Rental Revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased to $3,226 from $1,768 for the same period in 2015. The increase in Product Rental Revenue for 2016 reflects the cumulative increase in the number of patients using our Electrotherapy products, and the increase in the number of patient orders in 2016.   

Supplies Sales Revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 decreased to $3,555 from $3,906 for the same period in 2015. The decrease in Supplies Revenue for 2016 reflects the cumulative increase in the number of patients using our Electrotherapy products (both sold and rented devices), offset by the deferred revenue ($528) and changes in the allowance for contractual adjustments.   

20  

Pharmazy Sales Revenue for 2016 declined to $19 from $1,106
during 2015. We shut down our compound pharmacy business in January 2016 as we struggled with the constantly changing pharmacy
insurance reimbursements and to focus on our core (Electrotherapy products) and future (blood volume monitor) business. 

Other revenue includes billing consulting revenue totaling $0
and $32 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. In order to focus on our core Electrotherapy products,
we terminated the billing consulting services in the second quarter of 2015. 

Operating Expenses   

Cost of Revenue   rental, product and supply  for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 consisted of the following: 

Total Cost of Revenue was $880 for three months ended September
30, 2016 compared to $950 September 30, 2015. Total Cost of Revenue was $2,803 for nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared
to $3,361 September 30, 2015. 

The rental depreciation represents the net change in the depreciation
of rental assets, which are included in property and equipment. 

Product and supply costs decreased $151 (11%) for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The lower costs reflects our tightening of costs
and reduced overall per unit costs of current products and the sale (as substitute product) of previously written off (discontinued)
TruWave and TruWave Plus devices $(110). Operations labor and overhead, which includes the production department labor and associated
overhead (principally rent), increased $125 (16%). The increased costs reflect an increase in production compensation, offset by
reduced administrative overhead expenses. 

Pharmazy material costs decreased as a result of closing the
Pharmacy operation in January 2016. 

Field inventory reserves decreased to $0 for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 as compared to $372 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. During 2014 and 2015, in conjunction
with the introduction and ramp up of the EZ Rx Prescribe program, industry conditions driven by health care reforms and the ongoing
evaluation of field inventory shrinkage, management provided significant allowances for shrinkage of field inventory ($916 in 2014
and $655 during the first nine months of 2015). During the fourth quarter of 2015 we wrote off the remaining non-productive field
inventory. In total, we wrote-off and/or provided an allowance for shrinkage of field inventory during 2015 and 2014 of $1,256
and $916, respectively.  

Selling, general and administrative  expense for the three
months ended September 30, 2016 was $2,125 compared to $1,943 same period 2015. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the
selling, general and administrative increased to $7,465 from $6,923 for the same period in 2015. The increase is principally a
result of increased sales commission (increasing to $2,216 in 2016 from $1,595 in 2015), which reflects the increase in our sales
force and resulting increase in orders, reflecting the opportunity provided by Empi withdrawing from the market in late 2015 (discussed
above). 

21  

Other income (expense)  is comprised of interest expense. 

Interest expense for the three month ended September 30, 2015
was $90, compared to $98 for the same period in 2015. Interest expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $262, compared
to $368 for the same period in 2015. The decrease in interest expense is the result of lower average borrowings in the 2016 periods. 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES (  dollars in thousands  
)  

Line of Credit    

We have an asset-backed revolving credit facility under a Loan
and Security Agreement as amended, (the  Triumph Agreement ) with TBK Bank, SSB, a division of Triumph Community Bank
(the  Lender ). The Triumph Agreement contains certain customary restrictive and financial covenants for asset-backed
credit facilities. 

As of September 30, 2016 and since July 2014, we were not and
have not been in compliance with the financial covenants under the Triumph Agreement. On July 14, 2014, we received notice from
the Lender of an event of default under the Triumph Agreement. The notice relates to our default under the minimum debt service
coverage ratio requirement for the quarter ended March 31, 2014 and certain other alleged defaults. The Lender notified us that
it was exercising its default remedies under the Triumph Agreement, including, among others, accelerating the repayment of all
outstanding obligations under the Triumph Agreement (outstanding principal and accrued interest) and collecting our bank deposits
to apply towards the outstanding obligations. The Company and the Lender are negotiating the terms of an accelerated repayment
of the amounts outstanding under the Triumph Agreement and the Lender has continued to make additional loans to us based on cash
collections. However, no assurance can be given that the Lender will continue to make such additional loans or that the parties
will agree on a repayment plan acceptable to us. If the Lender insists upon immediate repayment, we may be forced to seek protection
from creditors. 

As of September 30, 2016, $3,027 was outstanding under the Triumph
Agreement and zero was available for borrowing based on the default status. Borrowings under the Triumph Agreement bear interest
at the default interest rate. As of September 30, 2016, the effective interest rate under the Triumph Agreement was approximately
11.0% (6.75% interest rate plus 3% additional default interest rate and 1.25% fees). The Triumph Agreement requires monthly interest
payments in arrears on the first day of each month. The Triumph Agreement matured on December 19, 2014. The Lender has agreed to
forbear from the exercise of its rights and remedies under the terms of the Triumph Agreement through December 31, 2016, pursuant
to the terms of the September 29, 2016 forbearance agreement. The Triumph Agreement requires a lockbox arrangement whereby all
receipts are swept daily to reduce borrowings outstanding. We are obligated to reduce the loan balance by $85 each month. In connection
with the agreement entered into on March 28, 2016, the Lender suspended this monthly payment requirement for February, March and
April of 2016 up to an aggregate cap of $250, in exchange for the issuance of a warrant to purchase 50,000 shares of the Company s
common stock. 

Limited Liquidity    

As a result of the losses we suffered in the years ended December
31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, the default under the Triumph Agreement, and other factors, we continue to have significant working capital
deficits of $(4,464) at September 30, 2016 as compared to $(4,773) at December 31, 2015. As a result of this negative working
capital and resulting limited liquidity, our independent registered public accounting firm has included an explanatory paragraph
with respect to our ability to continue as a going concern in its report on our consolidated financial statements for the year
ended December 31, 2015. Our Lender could, in its discretion, cease making additional loans to us based on our cash collections
and, at that point we would have no remaining liquidity or ability to pay our debts. 

The Triumph Agreement default and resulting limited liquidity
are primarily a result of (a) significant reduction of revenue and inability to cut costs at the same pace in 2013 and 2014, (b)
the high level of outstanding accounts receivable because of deferred payment practices of Third-party Payors, (c) the previously
required high levels of inventory kept with sales representatives or held at the offices of health care providers that are standard
in the electrotherapy industry, (d) the delayed cost recovery inherent in rental transactions, and (e) expenditures required for
on-going product development. 

22  

Our negative working capital of $(4,464) as of September 30,
2016 and limited liquidity may restrict our ability to carry out our current business plans and curtail our future revenue growth.
In addition, we reported a net loss of $2,911 for the year ended December 31, 2015. As noted above, we are not in compliance with
the financial covenants under the terms of our line of credit. These conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue
as a going concern. 

We are actively seeking additional financing through the issuance
of debt or sale of equity and monitoring and controlling our sales growth, product production needs and administrative costs going
forward. The additional capital is to refinance or replace the line of credit and to provide the additional working capital necessary
to continue our business operations. The net losses and negative working capital may make it difficult to raise any new capital
and any such capital raised (if any) may result in significant dilution to existing stockholders. We are not certain whether any
such financing would be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. In addition, any additional debt would require the approval
of the Lender. 

We believe that as a result of identified growth opportunities
(primarily with respect to the Empi, Inc. closure discussed elsewhere herein) coupled with the reduced administrative expenses,
the securing of additional capital, the continued support of our Lender, and the continued support of our vendors to work with
us on the slow payment of past due bills; that our cash flows from operating activities will be sufficient to fund our cash requirements
through the next twelve months. There is no guarantee that we will be able to meet the requirements of its 2016 cash flow projection
or will be able to address its working capital shortages; the principal component of which is the negative working capital (importantly
the line of credit and past due accounts payable which are considered a current liability in their entirety). 

Our dependence on operating cash flow means that risks involved
in our business can significantly affect our liquidity. Contingencies such as unanticipated shortfalls in revenues or increases
in expenses could affect our projected revenues, cash flows from operations and liquidity, which may force us to curtail our operating
plan or impede our growth. 

Cash provided by operating activities was $1,183 and $82 for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The change in cash from operating activities for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 was primarily the result of the decrease in net loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared
to 2015 plus an increase in accounts receivable, a reduction of inventory, and increases in accounts payable, deferred revenue,
and accrued payroll expenses, and the deferred insurance reimbursement of $880 received in the first quarter of 2016 (which amount
may be refunded in whole or in part to the insurance carrier, which refund would likely increase the amount due to the Lender). 

Cash (used in) provided by investing activities was $(73) and
$63 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Cash provided by investing activities primarily represents
cash flows relating to the change in inventory held for rental offset by the purchase of equipment. 

Cash used in financing activities was $(1,027) and $(167) for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The primary changes in cash during these periods were net
repayments on the line of credit and payments/borrowings on the line of credit and payments on capital lease obligations. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES:   

There are several accounting policies that involve management s
judgments and estimates and are critical to understanding our historical and future performance, as these policies and estimates
affect the reported amounts of revenue and other significant areas in our reported financial statements. 

Please refer to the  Management s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation  and Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements located within
our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March
31, 2016. 

OFF BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS:   

The Company had no significant off-balance sheet arrangements
that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition,
revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that are material to our stockholders. 

23  

ITEM 3.  QUANTITATIVE AND
QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK   

Not applicable. 

ITEM 4.  CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES   

Disclosure Controls and Procedures   

Disclosure controls and
procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports
filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in
the SEC s rules and forms.  Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures
designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated
to management, including our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions
regarding required disclosure.  

We, under the supervision and with the participation of our
management, including our President and Chief Executive Officer, one person who also acts as our principal executive and principal
financial officer, performed an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures
as of September 30, 2016. Based on that evaluation, our President and Chief Executive Officer concluded that our disclosure controls
and procedures were not effective as of September 30, 2016, due to the material weaknesses in our internal control over financial
reporting (ICFR), which are described below. A material weakness is a deficiency or a combination of deficiencies in internal control
over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial
statements will not be prevented or detected in a timely basis. 

As a result of our assessment of ICFR as of December 31, 2015,
management identified the following control deficiencies that represent material weaknesses that continue to exist as of September
30, 2016: 

We lack independent Board members necessary to maintain audit and other board committees consistent with best practice corporate governance standards. At the present time we have only one Board member (who is also our President and Chief Executive Officer) and we have no independent directors. As a result, oversight and monitoring responsibility pertaining to our financial reporting and related internal control is not sufficient. Considering the costs associated with procuring and providing the infrastructure to support additional qualified Board members that are independent, management has concluded that the risks associated with the lack of independent Board members are not sufficient to justify adding independent members at this time.  Management will periodically reevaluate this situation as circumstances change.   

We have a material weakness due to lack of segregation of duties. In October 2015, we discontinued the employment of the person who then served as our Chief Financial Officer and our Principal Financial Officer. Since then, we have hired a permanent Vice President of Finance; however, our President and Chief Executive Officer assumed the role of Principal Financial Officer, in addition to that of Principal Executive Officer. This one person is also involved in the processing our banking transactions, has overall supervision and review of all cash disbursements and cash receipts, and has responsibility for the overall accounting and approval process. Therefore, while there are some compensating controls in place, we cannot ensure effective segregation of accounting duties   

Notwithstanding the assessment
that our ICFR was not effective and that there were material weaknesses as identified in this report, we believe that our consolidated financial
statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016, fairly present our
financial position, results of our operations and cash flows for the periods covered thereby in all material respects.  

We are committed to improving our ICFR. As part of this control
improvement and when we have adequate funds and necessary additional available, we plan to (1) hire a Chief Financial Officer,
who will also serve as Principal Financial Officer, (2) appoint outside independent directors to our Board of Directors and utilize
an independent audit committee of the Board of Directors who will undertake oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required
internal controls and procedures (when funds and/or additional resources are available to the Company), and (3)  retain
and utilize an outside independent consulting firm to assist us with assessing and testing the effectiveness of our ICFR.  We
will continue to monitor and evaluate the effectiveness of our internal controls and procedures and our ICFR on an ongoing basis,
and are committed to taking further action and implementing additional enhancements or improvements, as necessary and as funds
allow. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting   

There were no changes in our ICFR during the quarter ended September
30, 2016 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our ICFR. 

24  

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION  

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS   

We are not a party to any material pending legal proceedings. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS   

You should carefully consider the factors discussed in Part
I, Item 1A.  Risk Factors  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and set forth below,
which could materially affect our business, financial condition, cash flows or future results. The risks described in our Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and noted below are not the only risks facing our company. Additional
risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial may also materially adversely affect
our business, financial condition or future results. In addition to the foregoing, you should carefully consider the additional
risk factors. 

We have an additional risk factor relating to the deferred insurance liability booked as of March 31, 2016. During the first
quarter of 2016, the Company collected $880 from a single insurance company for accounts receivable. The accounts receivable had
been previously reduced to zero by the allowance for contractual adjustments. Subsequent to March 31, 2016, the insurance company
verbally communicated to the Company that this payment was made in error and requested it be refunded to the insurance company.
The Company recorded this $880 insurance reimbursement as a deferred insurance liability as of March 31, 2016. However, the Company
is disputing the refund request and has initiated an internal audit of the reimbursement to determine that the original sales arrangement
was properly executed, the products had been shipped and title was transferred (or rental services were rendered), the price of
the products or services and the reimbursement rate is fixed and determinable, and the Company s ultimate claim to the reimbursement
is reasonably assured. The Company will record the appropriate amount as net revenue when such internal audit is complete and the
Company s claim to the amount is reasonably assured. To the extent that the Company has to repay any significant portion
of the $880, this will exacerbate the Company s liquidity issues and financial weaknesses.   

As a result of the Company s cash flow shortages and negative working capital discussed above in the financial statements
and the management s discussion and analysis, the Company has been unable to maintain its various insurance coverages.  As
a result of non-payment of premiums, the Company s director s and officer s liability insurance coverage has
been cancelled, and the Company has received notice of cancellation for its property, liability, auto, product liability,
professional liability and employment practices policies.  While the Company hopes to be able to reinstate such policies and
to satisfy its numerous vendors awaiting payment when it s financial condition permit, the Company can offer no assurance
that the insurers will reinstate coverage or the other vendors will continue working with the Company when the Company becomes
able to deal with them.    

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE
OF PROCEEDS   

During the period covered by this Form 10-Q, there were no sales
of unregistered securities. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION   

None  

25  

ITEM 6.   EXHIBITS   

*  
      Filed herewith   

26  

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

ZYNEX, INC.   

Dated: November 14, 2016  
      /s/ Thomas Sandgaard   

Thomas Sandgaard   

Chairman, President, Chief Executive Officer, Principal Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Principal Financial Officer   

27  

<EX-10.17>
 2
 v452312_ex10-17.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.17

Exhibit 10.17  

</EX-10.17>

<EX-10.18>
 3
 v452312_ex10-18.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.18

Exhibit 10.18  

</EX-10.18>

<EX-10.19>
 4
 v452312_ex10-19.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.19

Exhibit 10.19  

</EX-10.19>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 v452312_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

CERTIFICATION   

I, Thomas Sandgaard, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of
Zynex, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and
other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4.  I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a)  
      Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b)  
      Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  
      Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d)  
      Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a)  
      All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

b)  
      Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Dated: November 14, 2016 

/s/ THOMAS SANDGAARD  

Thomas Sandgaard  

Chairman, President, Chief Executive Officer, Principal  
Executive
Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Principal  
Financial Officer  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 v452312_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350,   

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF
THE   

  SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   

The undersigned hereby certifies, for the purposes of Section 1350
of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
in his capacity as an officer of Zynex, Inc. ( Zynex ), that to his knowledge: 

2.  
      The information contained in such Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Zynex for the period covered by this Report.   

This Certification is executed as of November 14, 2016. 

/s/ Thomas Sandgaard  

Thomas Sandgaard  

Chairman, President, Chief Executive Officer, Principal  
Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Principal  
Financial Officer   

The foregoing certifications are not deemed filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange
Act), and are not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of  Zynex, Inc.  under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended, or the Exchange Act, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language
in such filing.  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 zyxi-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 zyxi-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 zyxi-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 zyxi-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 zyxi-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 zyxi-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

