<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161025_10-K_edgar_data_1409175_0001062993-16-011865_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1368023</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>89689</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>103653</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>214483</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>611191</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>307709</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>17</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001062993-16-011865.hdr.sgml : 20161025
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161025150655
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001062993-16-011865
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		34
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160731
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161025
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161025

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Contact Minerals Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001409175
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	METAL MINING [1000]
		IRS NUMBER:				392060052
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0731

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-52879
		FILM NUMBER:		161950237

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		SUITE 706 - 595 HORNBY STREET
		CITY:			VANCOUVER
		STATE:			A1
		ZIP:			V6C 2E8
		BUSINESS PHONE:		604-629-1007

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		SUITE 706 - 595 HORNBY STREET
		CITY:			VANCOUVER
		STATE:			A1
		ZIP:			V6C 2E8

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001062993-16-011865.txt : 20161025

10-K
 1
 form10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

Contact Minerals Corp.: Form 10K - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

UNITED STATES     SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION    Washington, D.C.
20549  
   FORM 10-K    
 (Mark One)  
  [X] ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   
 For the fiscal year ended   July 31, 2016    
 [ ] TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  
 For the transition period from _____to _____ 
  COMMISSION FILE NUMBER    000-52879   
  
    CONTACT MINERALS CORP.
    (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

NEVADA    
       39-2060052     
   
     State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or
      organization  
     (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)   

595 Hornby Street, Suite 706   

Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada    
       V6C 2E8     
   
     (Address of principal executive offices)  
     (Zip Code)    
 Registrant's telephone number, including area code   (604)
629-1007    
 Securities registered under Section 12(b) of the Act:
  NONE.      
 Securities registered under Section 12(g) of the Act:
  Common Stock, $0.001 Par Value Per Share.    
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known
seasoned issuer, as defined by Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes [ ]  No [X]
  
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to
file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes [ ]  No
[X]   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all
reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes [X]  No [ ]    
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted
electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation
S-T ( 229.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).
 Yes [X]  No [ ]  
 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers
pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K ( 229.405 of this chapter) is not
contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s
knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by
reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.
 [X]   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large
accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer, 
 accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the
Exchange Act.  

Large accelerated filer [ ]  
     Accelerated filer [ ]   
   
     Non-accelerated filer [ ] (Do not check if a smaller
      reporting company)  
      Smaller reporting company [ X ]
      
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell
company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).  Yes [X]  No [ ]  
 State the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting
common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which
the common equity was sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common
equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed
second fiscal quarter:   $    440,350    as of January 31,
2016, based    on a price of $0.05, being the last price at which the
registrant sold shares of its common stock prior to that date.   
  
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the
registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date.
  As of October 24, 2016, the Registrant had 16,530,000 shares of common
stock outstanding   .   

CONTACT MINERALS CORP.    

ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K    
   
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED JULY 31, 2016    

TABLE OF CONTENTS      

PAGE     

PART
      I   
      3

ITEM
      1.   
      BUSINESS
        
      3

ITEM
      1A.  
      RISK
      FACTORS.   
      5

ITEM
      2.   
      PROPERTIES
        
      8

ITEM
      3.   
      LEGAL
      PROCEEDINGS   
      8

ITEM
      4.   
      MINE
      SAFETY DISCLOSURES   
      8

PART
      II   
      9

ITEM
      5.   
      MARKET
      FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER
      PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES.   
      9

ITEM
      7.   
      MANAGEMENT'S
      DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.
        
      10

ITEM
      8.   
      FINANCIAL
      STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA.   
      13

ITEM
      9.   
      CHANGES
      IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL
      DISCLOSURE   
       14

ITEM
      9A.   
      CONTROLS
      AND PROCEDURES   
      14

ITEM
      9B.  
      OTHER
      INFORMATION   
      15

PART
      III   
      16

ITEM
      10.   
      DIRECTORS,
      EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE.   
      16

ITEM
      11.   
      EXECUTIVE
      COMPENSATION.   
      17

ITEM
      12.   
      SECURITY
      OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED
      STOCKHOLDER MATTERS.   
      18

ITEM
      13.   
      CERTAIN
      RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND INDEPENDENCE. DIRECTOR   
      19

ITEM
      14.   
      PRINCIPAL
      ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES.   
      20

PART
      IV   
      21

ITEM
      15.   
      EXHIBITS,
      FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES.   
      21

SIGNATURES
        
      22

2  

PART I   
 Certain statements contained in this Annual Report constitute
"forward-looking statements.  These statements, identified by words such as
 plan,  "anticipate,  "believe,  "estimate,  "should,  "expect" and similar
expressions include our expectations and objectives regarding our future
financial position, operating results and business strategy. These statements
reflect the current views of management with respect to future events and are
subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual
results, performance or achievements, or industry results, to be materially
different from those described in the forward-looking statements. Such risks and
uncertainties include those set forth under the caption, "Part I - Item 1A. Risk
Factors,  and elsewhere in this Annual Report.  
 Forward looking statements are based on the reasonable
assumptions, estimates, analysis and opinions of management made in light of its
experience and perception of trends, current conditions and expected
developments, as well as other factors that management believes to be relevant
and reasonable at the date the such statement are made.  
 We intend to discuss in our Quarterly Reports and Annual
Reports any events or circumstances that occurred during the period to which
such documents relate that are reasonably likely to cause actual events or
circumstances to differ materially from those disclosed in this Annual Report.
New factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for management to
predict all of such factors and to assess in advance the impact of each such
factor on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of such
factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in
any forwarding looking statement.  
 We advise you to carefully review the reports and documents we
file from time to time with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission
(the  SEC ), particularly our periodic reports filed with the SEC pursuant to
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act").  

ITEM 1.   
      BUSINESS.     
  General   
 We were incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on
April 25, 2007. 
 We currently have no business operations or significant assets.
We are an exploration stage company engaged in the acquisition and exploration
of mineral properties. We plan to identify and acquire an interest in a mineral
property. The acquisition of a mineral property will be dependent upon our
possessing sufficient capital resources at the time to purchase such mineral
property. We have not entered into any discussions, understandings, arrangements
or other agreements, preliminary or otherwise, for acquiring any mineral
property and/or funding arrangements for the purpose of acquiring a mineral
property.    
  Competition   
 We are a company engaged in the acquisition and exploration of
mineral properties. We compete with other mineral exploration and development
companies for financing and for the acquisition of new mineral properties. Many
of the mineral exploration and development companies with whom we compete have
greater financial and technical resources than we do. Accordingly, these
competitors may be able to spend greater amounts on acquisitions of mineral
properties of merit, on exploration of their mineral properties and on
development of their mineral properties. In addition, they may be able to afford
greater geological expertise in the targeting and exploration of mineral
properties. This competition could result in competitors having mineral
properties of greater quality and interest to prospective investors who may
finance additional exploration and development. This competition could adversely
impact our ability to finance future mineral property acquisitions and the
exploration of those properties.  
 The mineral exploration industry, in general, is intensively
competitive and, even if commercial quantities of ore are discovered, a ready
market may not exist for the sale of the ore. Numerous factors beyond our
control may affect the marketability of any substances discovered. These factors
include market fluctuations, the proximity and capacity of natural resource
markets and processing equipment, government regulations, including regulations
relating to prices, taxes, royalties, land tenure, land use, importing and
exporting of minerals and environmental protection. The exact effect of these factors cannot be
accurately predicted, but the combination of these factors may result in us not
receiving an adequate return on invested capital.  
 3  

Compliance With Government Regulation  
 Our activities are subject to extensive regulation at all
levels of government. There are a number of applicable rules that regulate the
exploration and mining of mineral properties, and also the possible effects of
such activities upon the environment. Future legislation and regulations could
cause additional expense, capital expenditures, restrictions and delays in the
exploration and development of a mineral property, the extent of which cannot be
predicted. In addition, we will also be subject to rules regulating the
employment, occupational health and safety, accident investigation, work place
conditions, protective equipment, training programs, and site supervision.
Additional approvals and authorizations may be required from other government
agencies, depending upon the nature and scope of the proposed exploration
program. 
  Compliance With Environmental Regulations   
 We will also have to sustain the cost of reclamation and
environmental remediation for all exploration work undertaken. Both reclamation
and environmental remediation refer to putting disturbed ground back as close to
its original state as possible. Other potential pollution or damage must be
cleaned-up and renewed along standard guidelines outlined in the usual permits.
Reclamation is the process of bringing the land back to its natural state after
completion of exploration activities. Environmental remediation refers to the
physical activity of taking steps to remediate, or remedy, any environmental
damage caused. The amount of these costs is not known at this time as we do not
know the extent of the exploration program that will be undertaken on any
mineral properties that we acquire. Because there is presently no information on
the size, tenor, or quality of any resource or reserve at this time, it is
impossible to assess the impact of any capital expenditures on earnings, our
competitive position or on us in the event a potentially economic deposit is
discovered. 
 If we enter the production phase of a mineral property, of
which there is no assurance, the cost of complying with permit and regulatory
environment laws will be greater because the impact on the project area is
greater. Permits and regulations will control all aspects of the production
program if the project continues to that stage. The regulatory requirements that
we will have to meet will likely include:  

(i)  
     
       Ensuring that any water discharge meets drinking water
      standards;   

(ii)  
     
       Dust generation will have to be minimal or otherwise
      re-mediated;   

(iii)  
     
       Dumping of material on the surface will have to be
      re-contoured and re-vegetated with natural vegetation;   

(iv)  
     
       All material to be left on the surface will need to be
      environmentally benign;   

(v)  
     
       Ground water will have to be monitored for any potential
      contaminants;   

(vi)  
     
       The socio-economic impact of the project will have to be
      evaluated and if deemed negative, will have to be re-mediated;
  and   

(vii)  
     
       There will have to be an impact report of the work on the
      local fauna and flora including a study of potentially endangered
      species.    
  Employees   
 Other than our executive officer, we have no employees as of
the date of this Annual Report. We conduct our business largely through
agreements with consultants and arms-length third parties.  
  Research And Development Expenditures   
 We have not incurred any research or development expenditures
since our inception. 
  Patents And Trademarks   
 We do not own any patents or trademarks.  
 4 

ITEM 1A.   
      RISK FACTORS.     
 The following are some of the important factors that could
affect our financial performance or could cause actual results to differ
materially from estimates contained in our forward-looking statements. We may
encounter risks in addition to those described below. Additional risks and
uncertainties not currently known to us, or that we currently deem to be
immaterial, may also impair or adversely affect our business, financial
condition or results of operation.  
  If we do not obtain additional financing, our business will
fail   
 As of July 31, 2016, we had cash in the amount of $534. We plan
to identify and acquire an interest in a mineral property. Our ability to
acquire a mineral property will be dependent upon obtaining additional
financing. Obtaining additional financing would be subject to a number of
factors, including the market prices for the mineral property and gold, silver,
copper and iron. These factors may make the timing, amount, terms or conditions
of additional financing unavailable to us. There are no assurances that we will
be able to obtain additional financing on terms satisfactory to us.    
  Because of the speculative nature of exploration of mining
properties, there is substantial risk that our business will fail.   
 We were incorporated on April 25, 2007 and, to date, have been
involved primarily in organizational activities, and the acquisition of a
mineral property, which has since lapsed. We have not earned any revenues as of
the date of this report. The likelihood of success must be considered in light
of the problems, expenses, difficulties, complications and delays encountered in
connection with acquiring a mineral property and the exploration of the an
acquired mineral property. These potential problems include, but are not limited
to, unanticipated problems relating to exploration, and additional costs and
expenses that may exceed current estimates. Assuming that we are able to acquire
a mineral property, prior to completion of our exploration stage, we anticipate
that we will incur increased operating expenses without realizing any revenues.
We expect to incur significant losses into the foreseeable future. We recognize
that if we are unable to generate significant revenues from development and
production of minerals from a claim, we will not be able to earn profits or
continue operations. There is no history upon which to base any assumption as to
the likelihood that we will prove successful, and it is doubtful that we will
generate any operating revenues or ever achieve profitable operations. If we are
unsuccessful in addressing these risks, our business will most likely fail.  
  Even if we discover proven reserves of precious metals on a
mineral property, we may not be able to successfully commence commercial
production.   
 Assuming that we are able to acquire a mineral property, if an
exploration program is successful in discovering proven reserves on a mineral
property, we will require additional funds in order to place a mineral property
into commercial production. The expenditures to be made by us in the exploration
of a mineral property in all probability will be lost as it is an extremely
remote possibility that the mineral claim will contain proven reserves. The
funds required for commercial mineral production can range from several million
to hundreds of millions. We currently do not have sufficient funds to place a
mineral property into commercial production. Obtaining additional financing
would be subject to a number of factors, including the market prices for gold,
silver, copper and iron, and the costs of exploring for or mining these
materials. These factors may make the timing, amount, terms or conditions of
additional financing unavailable to us. Because we will need additional
financing to fund our exploration activities, there is substantial doubt about
our ability to continue as a going concern. At this time, there is a risk that
we will not be able to obtain such financing as and when needed.  
  Because we anticipate that our operating expenses will
increase prior to our earning revenues, we may never achieve profitability.
  
 Assuming that we are able to acquire a mineral property, prior
to completion of our exploration stage, we anticipate that we will incur
increased operating expenses without realizing any revenues. We therefore expect
to incur significant losses into the foreseeable future. We recognize that if we
are unable to generate revenues from the exploration of a mineral property, we
will not be able to earn profits or continue operations. There is no history
upon which to base any assumption as to the likelihood that we will prove
successful, and we can provide investors with no assurance that we will generate
any revenues or ever achieve profitability. If we are unsuccessful in addressing
these risks, our business will most likely fail.  
 5 

Because of the inherent dangers involved in mineral
exploration, there is a risk that we may incur liability or damages as we
conduct our business.   
 The search for valuable minerals involves numerous hazards and
risks normally incident to exploring for and developing mineral properties. As a
result, we may become subject to liability for such hazards, including
pollution, cave-ins, unusual or unexpected geological formations, environmental
pollution, personal injuries, flooding, changes in technology or mining
techniques, periodic interruptions, industrial accidents, and other hazards
against which we cannot insure or against which we may elect not to insure. At
the present time we have no coverage to insure against these hazards and have no
plans to insure against these hazards. The payment of such liabilities may have
a material adverse effect on our financial position.    
  If we receive positive results from an exploration program
and we decide to pursue commercial production, we may be subject to an
environmental review process that may delay or prohibit commercial production.
  
 Assuming that we are able to acquire a mineral property, if we
enter the production phase, the cost of complying with permit and regulatory
environment laws will be greater because the impact on the project area is
greater. Permits and regulations will control all aspects of the production
program if the project continues to that stage. Examples of regulatory
requirements include:  

(i)  
     
       Water discharge will have to meet drinking water
      standards;   

(ii)  
     
       Dust generation will have to be minimal or otherwise
      re-mediated;   

(iii)  
     
       Dumping of material on the surface will have to be
      re-contoured and re-vegetated with natural vegetation;   

(iv)  
     
       An assessment of all material to be left on the surface
      will need to be environmentally benign;   

(v)  
     
       Ground water will have to be monitored for any potential
      contaminants;   

(vi)  
     
       The socio-economic impact of the project will have to be
      evaluated and if deemed negative, will have to be remediated;
and   

(vii)  
     
       There will have to be an impact report of the work on the
      local fauna and flora including a study of potentially endangered
      species.    
 There is the possibility that we would not be able to proceed
with commercial production upon completion of the environmental review process
if government authorities did not approve our mine or if the costs of compliance
with government regulation adversely affected the commercial viability of the
proposed mine.    
  Because our sole executive officer does not have formal
training specific to the technicalities of mineral exploration, there is a
higher risk that our business will fail.   
 Kerry J. McCullagh, our sole executive officer, does not have
any formal training as a geologist or in the technical aspects of management of
a mineral exploration company. With no direct training in these areas, our
management may not be fully aware of the specific technical requirements related
to working within this industry. Although Mr. McCullagh has some extensive
business experience with exploration companies, his decisions and choices may
not take into account standard exploration or managerial approaches mineral
exploration companies commonly use. Consequently, our operations and ultimate
financial success could suffer irreparable harm due to management s lack of
technical know-how in this industry.  
  We are highly dependent on our senior management. The loss
of our sole executive officer could hinder our ability to pursue our stated plan
of operation and obtain debt or equity financing, if and when required.   
 We believe that our continued success depends to a significant
extent upon the efforts and abilities of our senior management and in particular
Kerry J. McCullagh, our executive officer and director. Mr. McCullagh has worked
in the mining exploration industry for over 20 years. We believe that the loss
of Mr. McCullagh's business and management experience could hinder our ability
to pursue our stated plan of operation and obtain debt or equity financing, if
and when required.  
 6 

Because our sole executive officer has only agreed to
provide his services on a part-time basis, he may not be able or willing to
devote a sufficient amount of time to our business operations, which may cause
our business to fail.   
 Kerry J. McCullagh, our sole executive officer, is also a
principal of Polar Capital Corp., now a private British Columbia consulting
company providing management and administrative services to mining exploration
companies. Because we are in the early stages of our business, Mr. McCullagh
devotes approximately 10 hours per week to our affairs. If the demands of our
business require the full business time of Mr. McCullagh, he is prepared to
adjust his timetable to devote up to 20 hours a week. However, Mr. McCullagh may
not be able to devote sufficient time to the management of our business, as and
when needed. It is possible that the demands of Mr. McCullagh's other business
interests will increase with the result that he would no longer be able to
devote sufficient time to the management of our business. Competing demands on
Mr. McCullagh's time may lead to a divergence between his interests and the
interests of other shareholders.  
  Because our sole executive officer owns 42% of our
outstanding common stock, investors may find that corporate decisions influenced
by Mr. McCullagh are inconsistent with the best interests of other stockholders.
  
 Kerry J. McCullagh, our sole executive officer, controls 42% of
the issued and outstanding shares of our common stock. The interests of Mr.
McCullagh may not be, at all times, the same as those of other shareholders.
Since Mr. McCullagh is not simply a passive investor but is also our sole
executive officer, his interests as an officer may, at times, be adverse to
those of passive investors. Where those conflicts exist, our shareholders will
be dependent upon Mr. McCullagh exercising, in a manner fair to all of our
shareholders, his fiduciary duties as an officer or as a member of our board of
directors. In addition, Mr. McCullagh will have the ability to significantly
influence the outcome of most corporate actions requiring shareholder approval,
including the merger of our company with or into another company, the sale of
all or substantially all of our assets and amendments to our Articles of
Incorporation. This concentration of ownership with Mr. McCullagh may also have
the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of Contact,
which may be disadvantageous to minority shareholders.  
  Because our stock is a penny stock, shareholders will be
more limited in their ability to sell their stock.   
 The SEC has adopted rules that regulate broker-dealer practices
in connection with transactions in penny stocks. Penny stocks are generally
equity securities with a price of less than $5.00, other than securities
registered on certain national securities exchanges or quoted on the Nasdaq
system, provided that current price and volume information with respect to
transactions in such securities is provided by the exchange or quotation system.
 
 Because our securities constitute  penny stocks  within the
meaning of the rules, the rules apply to us and to our securities. The rules may
further affect the ability of owners of shares to sell our securities in any
market that might develop for them. As long as the trading price of our common
stock is less than $5.00 per share, the common stock will be subject to rule
15g-9 under the Exchange Act. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer,
prior to a transaction in a penny stock, to deliver a standardized risk
disclosure document prepared by the SEC, that:  

1.  
     
       contains a description of the nature and level of risk in
      the market for penny stocks in both public offerings and secondary
      trading;   

2.  
     
       contains a description of the broker s or dealer s duties
      to the customer and of the rights and remedies available to the customer
      with respect to a violation to such duties or other requirements of
      securities laws;   

3.  
     
       contains a brief, clear, narrative description of a
      dealer market, including bid and ask prices for penny stocks and the
      significance of the spread between the bid and ask price;   

4.  
     
       contains a toll-free telephone number for inquiries on
      disciplinary actions;   

5.  
     
       defines significant terms in the disclosure document or
      in the conduct of trading in penny stocks; and    
 7 

6.  
     
       contains such other information and is in such form,
      including language, type, size and format, as the SEC shall require by
      rule or regulation.    
 The broker-dealer also must provide, prior to effecting any
transaction in a penny stock, the customer with: (a) bid and offer quotations
for the penny stock; (b) the compensation of the broker-dealer and its
salesperson in the transaction; (c) the number of shares to which such bid and
ask prices apply, or other comparable information relating to the depth and
liquidity of the market for such stock; and (d) a monthly account statements
showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer's account. In
addition, the penny stock rules require that prior to a transaction in a penny
stock not otherwise exempt from those rules; the broker-dealer must make a
special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for
the purchaser and receive the purchaser's written acknowledgment of the receipt
of a risk disclosure statement, a written agreement to transactions involving
penny stocks, and a signed and dated copy of a written suitably statement. These
disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the trading activity in
the secondary market for our stock.  

ITEM 2.   
      PROPERTIES.     
 We maintain our corporate office at 595 Hornby Street, Suite
706, Vancouver, BC, Canada V6C 2E8. Our office space is currently provided to us
free of charge by our sole executive officer and director. We recognize donated
rent of $500 per month for the office space.  

ITEM 3.   
      LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.     
 We are not a party to any other legal proceedings and, to our
knowledge, no other legal proceedings are pending, threatened or
contemplated.    

ITEM 4.   
      MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 
   
 Not Applicable.  
 8 

PART II   

ITEM 5.   
      MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S   COMMON
      EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS   AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY
      SECURITIES.     
  Market Information   
 Our common stock is quoted on OTC Markets Pink under the symbol
 CNTM . The high and the low prices for our shares for each quarter of our last
two fiscal years of actual trading were:  

The market quotations provided reflect inter-dealer prices,
without retail mark-up, markdown or commission and may not represent actual
transactions.  
  Registered Holders Of Our Common Stock   
 As of October 24, 2016, we had 29 registered shareholders and
16,530,000 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding. We believe that a
large number of stockholders hold stock on deposit with their brokers or
investment bankers registered in the name of stock depositories.  
  Dividends   
 We have neither declared nor paid any cash dividends on our
capital stock since our inception and do not contemplate paying cash dividends
in the foreseeable future. It is anticipated that earnings, if any, will be
retained for the operation of our business. Our board of directors will
determine future dividend declarations and payments, if any, in light of the
then-current conditions they deem relevant and in accordance with the Nevada
Revised Statutes.  
 There are no restrictions in our articles of incorporation or
in our bylaws which prevent us from declaring dividends. The Nevada Revised
Statutes, however, do prohibit us from declaring dividends where, after giving
effect to the distribution of a dividend:  

(a)  
     
       We would not be able to pay our debts as they become due
      in the usual course of business; or   

(b)  
     
       Our total assets would be less than the sum of our total
      liabilities plus the amount that would be needed to satisfy the rights of
      shareholders who have preferential rights superior to those receiving
      distributions.    
  Recent Sales Of Unregistered Securities   
 None.  
 9 

ITEM 7.   
      MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION   AND 
       ANALYSIS   OF   FINANCIAL   CONDITION   AND 
       RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.     

  Plan Of Operation   
 Our plan of operation for the next twelve months is to identify
and acquire an interest in a mineral property on which we will carry out
exploration activities. We are unable to provide an estimate of our exact
financial needs for the next twelve months. However, as at July 31, 2016, we had
cash on hand of $534 and a working capital deficit of $232,620. As such, we will
require substantial additional financing in the near future in order to meet our
current obligations and to continue our operations. In addition, in the event
that we are successful in identifying a mineral property, of which there is no
assurance, we anticipate that we will need to obtain financing in order to
pursue an exploration program. 
  Results Of Operations  
 
  Revenues   
 We have not earned any revenue since inception. We do not
anticipate earning revenues until such time as we are able to acquire a mineral
property and subsequently enter into commercial production of a mineral
property. We are presently in the exploration stage of our business and we can
provide no assurance that we will discover proven reserves on a mineral
property, or if such deposits are discovered, that we will enter into further
exploration programs.  
  Operating Expenses   
 The major components of our operating expenses for the years
ended July 31, 2016 and 2015 are outlined in the table below:  
 
 The increase in our operating expenses from $21,100, during the
fiscal year ended July 31, 2015, to $57,690, during the fiscal year ended July
31, 2016, is due to a decrease in foreign currency gain and an increase in
general and administrative expenses 
 Professional services consist of accounting and legal fees in
connection with meeting our ongoing reporting obligations under the Exchange
Act.  
 We do not currently pay any management fees to our sole
executive officer and director or any rent for use of our office. However, we
recognize $1,000 per month for donated management fees and $500 per month for
donated rent provided by our sole executive officer and director. 
 10 

We anticipate that our expenses will increase significantly if
we are able to identify and acquire a mineral property and pursue an exploration
program on a mineral property. However, there are no assurances that we will be
able to identify and acquire a mineral property.  
  Liquidity And Capital Resources  

We had cash on hand of $534 and a working capital deficit of
$232,620 as of July 31, 2016 compared to cash on hand of $5,586 and a working
capital deficit of $192,930 as of July 31, 2015. Our working capital deficiency
increased as a result of increases in loans from related parties.  
  Financing Requirements   
 Our ability to identify and acquire a mineral property is
dependent upon our ability to obtain additional financing in the near term. We
anticipate that such funding will be in the form of equity financing from sales
of our common stock. However, there is no assurance that we will be able to
raise sufficient funding from the sale of our common stock to fund our business
plan should we decide to proceed. We believe that debt financing will not be an
alternative for funding the acquisition of a mineral property or the exploration
of a mineral property. The risky nature of this enterprise and lack of tangible
assets places debt financing beyond the credit-worthiness required by most banks
or typical investors of corporate debt until such time as an economically viable
mine can be demonstrated.  
 We anticipate continuing to rely on equity sales of our common
shares and advances from our sole executive officer and director in order to
continue to fund our business operations. Issuances of additional shares will
result in dilution to our existing shareholders. There is no assurance that we
will achieve any additional sales of our equity securities or arrange for debt
or other financing to fund our business operations.  
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements   
 We have no significant off-balance sheet arrangements that have
or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial
condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of
operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that is
material to stockholders.  
 11 

Critical Accounting Policies   
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with
United States generally accepted accounting principles requires our management
to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amount of assets and
liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of
the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses
during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.
Our management routinely makes judgments and estimates about the effects of
matters that are inherently uncertain. 
 We have identified certain accounting policies, described
below, that are most important to the portrayal of our current financial
condition and results of operations. Our significant accounting policies are
disclosed in Note 2 to the audited financial statements included in this Annual
Report.  
  Mineral Property Costs   
 We have been in the exploration stage since our formation on
April 25, 2007 and have not yet realized any revenues from our planned
operations. We are primarily engaged in the acquisition and exploration of
mineral properties. Mineral property exploration costs are expensed as incurred.
Mineral property acquisition costs are initially capitalized. We assess the
carrying costs for impairment under ASC 360, Property, Plant, and Equipment at
the end of each financial reporting period. When it has been determined that a
mineral property can be economically developed as a result of establishing
proven and probable reserves, the costs incurred to develop such property will
be capitalized and subsequently amortized using the units-of-production method
over the estimated life of the estimated reserves to which they relate. We did
not incur any mineral property costs during the years ended July 31, 2016 and
2015.  
  Donated Capital   
 We reflect donated capital, such as outright gifts to us by way
of donated management services provided, in the Statement of Operations. Donated
management services are recognized if the services received (a) create or
enhance non-financial assets, or (b) require specialized skills, are provided by
individuals possessing these skills, and would typically need to be purchased if
not provided by donation.    
 12 

ITEM 8.   
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY
      DATA.     
 Audited Financial Statements, including:  
 
 13 

Contact Minerals Corp.  
 July 31, 2016  

Index  

Report of Independent Registered Public
      Accounting Firm   
      F 1   

Balance Sheets   
      F 2   

Statements of Operations and Comprehensive
      Loss   
      F 3   

Statements of Cash Flows   
      F 4   

Statements of Stockholders  Deficit   
      F 5   

Notes to the Financial Statements   
      F 6   

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm   
 To the Stockholders of Contact Minerals Corp. 
 We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Contact
  Minerals Corp. as of July 31, 2016 and 2015 and the related statements of
  operations and comprehensive loss, cash flows and stockholders' deficit for the
  years then ended. These financial statements are the responsibility of the
  Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these
  financial statements based on our audits.  
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the
  Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards
  require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about
  whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit
  includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and
  disclosures in the financial statements. The Company is not required to have,
  nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial
  reporting. An audit includes consideration of internal control over financial
  reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the
  circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
  effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we
  express no such opinion. An audit also includes assessing the accounting
  principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as
  evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. 
 In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above
  present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Contact
  Minerals Corp. as of July 31, 2016 and 2015 and the results of its operations
  and its cash flows for the years then ended in conformity with accounting
  principles generally accepted in the United States.  
 The accompanying financial statements have been prepared
  assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to
  the financial statements, the Company has not generated any revenues and has
  incurred operating losses since inception. These factors raise substantial doubt
  about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans
  in regard to these matters are also discussed in Note 1. The financial
  statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of
  this uncertainty.  
  /S/ Manning Elliott LLP   
 CHARTERED PROFESSIONAL ACCOUNTANTS  
 Vancouver, Canada  
 October 24, 2016  
 F-1  

Contact Minerals Corp.  

Balance Sheets  

(Expressed in U.S. dollars)  

Nature of Operations and Going Concern (Note 1)  
 (The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial
  statements)  
 F-2  

Contact Minerals Corp.  

Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss  

(Expressed in U.S. dollars)  

(The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial
  statements)  
 F-3  

Contact Minerals Corp.  

Statements of Cash Flows  

(Expressed in U.S. dollars)  

(The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial
  statements)  
 F-4  

Contact Minerals Corp.  

Statements of Stockholders  Deficit  

(Expressed in U.S. dollars)  

(The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial
  statements)  
 F-5  

Contact Minerals Corp.  

Notes to the Financial Statements  

(Expressed in U.S. dollars)  

July 31, 2016  

1.  
      Nature of Operations and Going Concern  

Contact Minerals Corp. (the  Company ) was incorporated
      in the State of Nevada on April 25, 2007. The Company s principal business
      is the acquisition and exploration of mineral properties. The Company does
      not currently own any mineral properties.  

These financial statements have been prepared on a going
      concern basis, which implies the Company will continue to realize its
      assets and discharge its liabilities in the normal course of business. The
      Company has never generated revenue and has never paid any dividends and
      is unlikely to pay dividends or generate earnings in the immediate or
      foreseeable future. The continuation of the Company as a going concern is
      dependent upon the continued financial support from its stockholders, the
      ability of the Company to obtain necessary equity financing to continue
      operations and to determine the existence, discovery and successful
      exploitation of economically recoverable reserves in the prospective
      properties, the confirmation of the Company s interests in the underlying
      properties, and the attainment of profitable operations. As at July 31,
      2016, the Company has a working capital deficiency of $232,620 and has
      accumulated losses of $941,660 since inception. These factors raise
      substantial doubt regarding the Company s ability to continue as a going
      concern. These financial statements do not include any adjustments to the
      recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts and
      classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company
      be unable to continue as a going concern. The Company plans to continue to
      review and assess new mineral exploration or development projects for
      acquisition. The Company intends to fund these activities through debt and
      equity financing arrangements. There is no assurance that the Company will
      obtain the necessary financing to complete its objectives.  

2.  
      Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  

a)  
      Basis of Presentation  

These financial statements and related notes are
      presented in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in
      the United States, and are expressed in United States dollars. The
      Company s fiscal year-end is July 31.  

b)  
      Use of Estimates  

The preparation of financial statements in conformity
      with United States generally accepted accounting principles requires
      management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
      amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and
      liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported
      amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. The Company
      regularly evaluates estimates and assumptions related to valuation of
      donated services and rent, fair value measurements, and deferred income
      tax asset valuation allowances. The Company bases its estimates and
      assumptions on current facts, historical experience and various other
      factors that it believes to be reasonable under the circumstances, the
      results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying
      values of assets and liabilities and the accrual of costs and expenses
      that are not readily apparent from other sources. The actual results
      experienced by the Company may differ materially and adversely from the
      Company s estimates. To the extent there are material differences between
      the estimates and the actual results, future results of operations will be
      affected.  

c)  
      Cash and Cash Equivalents  

The Company considers all highly liquid instruments with
      maturity of three months or less at the time of issuance to be cash
      equivalents.  

d)  
      Foreign Currency Translation  

The Company s functional and reporting currency is the
      United States dollar. Occasional transactions may occur in Canadian
      dollars. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies
      are translated using the exchange rate prevailing at the balance sheet
      date. Non-monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign
      currencies are translated at rates of exchange in effect at the date of
      the transaction. Average monthly rates are used to translate revenues and
      expenses. Gains and losses arising on translation or settlement of foreign
      currency denominated transactions or balances are included in the
      determination of income. The Company has not, to the date of these
      financial statements, entered into derivative instruments to offset the
      impact of foreign currency fluctuations.  

F-6  

Contact Minerals Corp.  

Notes to the Financial Statements  

(Expressed in U.S. dollars)  

July 31, 2016  

2.  
      Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
      (continued)  

e)  
      Basic and Diluted Net Income (Loss) Per Share  

Basic EPS is computed by dividing net earnings (loss)
      available to common shareholders (numerator) by the weighted average
      number of shares outstanding (denominator) during the period. Diluted EPS
      gives effect to all dilutive potential common shares outstanding during
      the period using the treasury stock method and convertible preferred stock
      using the if-converted method. In computing diluted EPS, the average stock
      price for the period is used in determining the number of shares assumed
      to be purchased from the exercise of stock options or warrants. Diluted
      EPS excludes all dilutive potential shares if their effect is
      anti-dilutive. As at July 31, 2016 and 2015, there were no potentially
      dilutive securities outstanding.  

f)  
      Fair Value of Financial Instruments  

ASC 825,  Financial Instruments , requires an entity
      to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of
      unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. ASC 825 establishes a fair
      value hierarchy based on the level of independent, objective evidence
      surrounding the inputs used to measure fair value. A financial
      instrument s categorization within the fair value hierarchy is based upon
      the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value
      measurement. ASC 825 prioritizes the inputs into three levels that may be
      used to measure fair value:  

Level 1  

Level 1 applies to assets or liabilities for which there
      are quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or
      liabilities.  

Level 2  

Level 2 applies to assets or liabilities for which there
      are inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or
      liability such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in
      active markets; quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in
      markets with insufficient volume or infrequent transactions (less active
      markets); or model- derived valuations in which significant inputs are
      observable or can be derived principally from, or corroborated by,
      observable market data.  

Level 3  

Level 3 applies to assets or liabilities for which there
      are unobservable inputs to the valuation methodology that are significant
      to the measurement of the fair value of the assets or
      liabilities.  

The financial instruments consist principally of cash,
      accounts payable, and due to related parties. The fair value of cash when
      applicable is determined based on Level 1 inputs, which consist of quoted
      prices in active markets for identical assets. The Company believes that
      the recorded values of all other financial instruments approximate their
      current fair values because of their nature and respective relatively
      short maturity dates or durations.  

Assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis were
      presented on the Company s balance sheet as of July 31, 2016 and 2015, as
      follows:  

The Company does not have any
  liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis presented on the
  Company s balance sheet as of July 31, 2016 and 2015.  
 Financial instruments that potentially
  subject the Company to a concentration of credit risk consist primarily of cash.
  The Company limits its exposure to credit loss by placing its cash with high
  credit quality financial institutions.  
 F-7  

Contact Minerals Corp.  

Notes to the Financial Statements  

(Expressed in U.S. dollars)  

July 31, 2016  

2.  
      Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
      (continued)  

g)  
      Long-lived Assets  

The Company tests long-lived assets or asset groups for
      recoverability when events or changes in circumstances indicate that their
      carrying amount may not be recoverable. Circumstances which could trigger
      a review include, but are not limited to: significant decreases in the
      market price of the asset; significant adverse changes in the business
      climate or legal factors; accumulation of costs significantly in excess of
      the amount originally expected for the acquisition or construction of the
      asset; current period cash flow or operating losses combined with a
      history of losses or a forecast of continuing losses associated with the
      use of the asset; and current expectation that the asset will more likely
      than not be sold or disposed significantly before the end of its estimated
      useful life. Recoverability is assessed based on the carrying amount of
      the asset and its fair value which is generally determined based on the
      sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and the
      eventual disposal of the asset, as well as specific appraisal in certain
      instances. An impairment loss is recognized when the carrying amount is
      not recoverable and exceeds fair value. The Company does not have any
      long-lived assets as of July 31, 2016 and 2015.  

h)  
      Mineral Property Costs  

The Company has been in the exploration stage since its
      formation on April 25, 2007 and has not yet realized any revenues from its
      planned operations. It is primarily engaged in the acquisition and
      exploration of mineral properties. Mineral property exploration costs are
      expensed as incurred. Mineral property acquisition costs are initially
      capitalized. The Company assesses the carrying costs for impairment under
      ASC 360,  Property, Plant, and Equipment,  at the end of each
      financial reporting period. When it has been determined that a mineral
      property can be economically developed as a result of establishing proven
      and probable reserves, the costs incurred to develop such property will be
      capitalized and subsequently amortized using the units-of-production
      method over the estimated life of the estimated reserves to which they
      relate. The Company did not incur any mineral property costs during the
      years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015.  

i)  
      Income Taxes  

Potential benefits of income tax losses are not
      recognized in the accounts until realization is more likely than not. The
      Company computes tax asset benefits for net operating losses carried
      forward. The potential benefits of net operating losses have not been
      recognized in these financial statements because the Company cannot be
      assured it is more likely than not it will utilize the net operating
      losses carried forward in future years.  

j)  
      Stock-based Compensation  

The Company accounts for stock-based payments using the
      fair value method. The Company has not issued any stock options since its
      inception. Common shares issued to third parties for non-cash
      consideration are valued based on the fair market value of the services
      provided or the fair market value of the common stock on the measurement
      date, whichever is more readily determinable.  

k)  
      Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements  

The Company has implemented all new accounting
      pronouncements that are in effect and that may impact its financial
      statements and does not believe that there are any other new accounting
      pronouncements that have been issued that might have a material impact on
      its financial position or results of operations.  

3.  
      Related Party Transactions and Balances  

a)  
      As at July 31, 2016, the Company is indebted to a
      relative of the President of the Company for $76 (CDN$100) (2015 - $76
      (CDN$100)) for expenses incurred on behalf of the Company. The amount is
      included in accounts payable and is non-interest bearing, unsecured, and
      due on demand.  

b)  
      As at July 31, 2016, the Company is indebted to the
      President of the Company for $234,901 (2015 - $200,467) for advances and
      expenses incurred on behalf of the Company. The amount is included in due
      to related parties and is non-interest bearing, unsecured, and due on
      demand.  

c)  
      During the year ended July 31, 2016, the Company
      recognized a total of $12,000 (2015 - $12,000) for donated services at
      $1,000 per month and $6,000 (2015 - $6,000) for donated rent at $500 per
      month provided by the President of the Company, which have been included
      in the statements of operations and comprehensive
      loss.  

F-8 

Contact Minerals Corp.  

Notes to the Financial Statements  

(Expressed in U.S. dollars)  

July 31, 2016  

4.  
      Income Taxes  

A reconciliation of the expected income tax recovery
      computed by applying the statutory United States federal income tax rates
      of 35% to income (loss) before taxes is as
      follows:  

The components of the net deferred
  income tax asset at July 31, 2016 and 2015 consist of:  
 
 At July 31, 2016, the Company has net
  operating loss carry-forwards of $405,000 which expire between fiscal 2029 and
  2036. Pursuant to ASC 740,  Income Taxes,  the Company is required to
  compute tax asset benefits for net operating losses carried forward. The
  potential benefit of net operating losses have not been recognized in these
  financial statements because the Company cannot be assured it is more likely
  than not it will utilize the net operating losses carried forward in future
  years.  
 Current United States income tax laws
  limit the amount of loss available to be offset against future taxable income
  when a substantial change in ownership occurs. Therefore, the amount available
  to offset future taxable income may be limited under IRC 382 of the Internal
  Revenue Code.  
 F-9 

ITEM 9.   
      CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS   WITH 
       ACCOUNTANTS   ON   ACCOUNTING   AND   FINANCIAL
      DISCLOSURE.     

 None.  

ITEM 9A.   
      CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 
   
  Disclosure Controls and Procedures   
 We carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of our
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) as of July 31, 2016 (the  Evaluation Date ). This evaluation was
carried out under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. Based upon that evaluation, our
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our
disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of the Evaluation Date
as a result of the material weaknesses in internal control over financial
reporting discussed below.  
 Disclosure controls and procedures are those controls and
procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed
in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act are recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the
SEC's rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without
limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required
to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act is accumulated and
communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.  
 Notwithstanding the assessment that our internal control over
financial reporting was not effective and that there were material weaknesses as
identified in this report, we believe that our financial statements contained in
our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended July 31, 2016 fairly present
our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows in all material
respects. 
  Management's Annual Report on Internal Control Over
Financial Reporting   
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining
adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act, for the Company.  
 Internal control over financial reporting includes those
policies and procedures that: (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in
reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and
dispositions of our assets; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions
are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts
and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of its
management and directors; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding
prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition
of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
 
 Management recognizes that there are inherent limitations in
the effectiveness of any system of internal control, and accordingly, even
effective internal control can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to
financial statement preparation and may not prevent or detect material
misstatements. In addition, effective internal control at a point in time may
become ineffective in future periods because of changes in conditions or due to
deterioration in the degree of compliance with our established policies and
procedures.  
 A material weakness is a significant deficiency, or combination
of significant deficiencies, that results in there being a more than remote
likelihood that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial
statements will not be prevented or detected.  
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, management conducted an
evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting, as of the Evaluation Date, based on the framework set forth in
Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on its evaluation under
this framework, management concluded that our internal control over financial
reporting was not effective as of the Evaluation Date. In its assessment of the
effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of the Evaluation Date, management determined that there were control
deficiencies that constituted the following material weaknesses:  
 14 

1.  
     
       Certain entity level controls establishing a  tone at the
      top  were considered material weaknesses. As of July 31, 2016, the Company
      did not have any independent directors on its audit committee and did not
      have a policy on fraud. The Company does not believe that a whistleblower
      policy is necessary given the small size of the organization.   

2.  
     
       Due to the significant number and magnitude of
      out-of-period adjustments identified during the year-end closing process,
      management has concluded that the controls over the period-end financial
      reporting process were not operating effectively. A material weakness in
      the period-end financial reporting process could result in us not being
      able to meet our regulatory filing deadlines and, if not remediated, has
      the potential to cause a material misstatement or to miss a filing
      deadline in the future. Management s override of existing controls is
      possible given the small size of the organization and lack of
      personnel.   

3.  
     
       There is no system in place to review and monitor
      internal control over financial reporting. The Company maintains an
      insufficient complement of personnel to carry out ongoing monitoring
      responsibilities and ensure effective internal control over financial
      reporting.    
 Management is committed to improving its internal controls and
will (1) continue to use third party specialists to address shortfalls in
staffing and to assist the Company with accounting and finance responsibilities,
(2) increase the frequency of independent reconciliations of significant
accounts which will mitigate the lack of segregation of duties until there are
sufficient personnel and (3) may consider appointing outside directors and audit
committee members in the future.  
 Management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer, has discussed the material weakness noted above with our
independent registered public accounting firm. Due to the nature of this
material weakness, there is a more than a remote likelihood that misstatements
which could be material to the annual or interim financial statements could
occur that would not be prevented or detected.  
 This Annual Report does not include an attestation report of
our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial
reporting. We are not required to have, nor have we, engaged our independent
registered public accounting firm to perform an audit of internal controls over
financial reporting pursuant to the rules of the SEC that permit us to provide
only management s report in this annual report.  
  Changes in Internal Controls  
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial
reporting that occurred during the fiscal year ended July 31, 2016 that have
materially affected, or that are reasonably likely to materially affect, our
internal control over financial reporting.  
  Limitations on the effectiveness of controls and procedures
  
 Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer, do not expect that thecontrols and procedures will prevent
all potential errors or fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived
and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the
objectives of the control system are met.  

ITEM 9B.   
      OTHER INFORMATION.     
 None.  
 15 

PART III   

ITEM 10.   
      DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE
      GOVERNANCE.     
 The following table sets forth the name and positions of our
sole executive officer and directors.  

Name   
      Age   
      Positions    
   
     Kerry J. McCullagh  
     59  
     President, Secretary, Treasurer,
      Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Director   
   
     Alex Langer  
     33  
     Director   
   
     William McCullagh  
     90  
     Director

Set forth below is a brief description of the background and
business experience of our sole executive officer and director:  
  Kerry J. McCullagh  has been our President, Secretary,
Treasurer, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and a member of our
Board of Directors since our inception on April 25, 2007. Mr. McCullagh has been
involved in the mineral exploration industry for more than twenty years though
he has no formal professional training or technical credentials in the
exploration, development and/or operations of metal mines. 
 Mr. McCullagh has participated in production gold mining,
extensive exploration programs including preliminary sampling, trenching, as
well as diamond drilling programs in both North and Central America. For the
past 5 years, he has been self-employed. Mr. McCullagh is also the principal and
sole shareholder of Polar Capital Corp., a private consulting British Columbia
company that provides management and administrative services to other mining
exploration companies. He is not currently an officer or director of any other
publicly listed company. 
  Alex Langer  was appointed to our Board of Directors on
June 29, 2016. Since May 2013, Mr. Langer has been the CEO of Andros Capital and
a Director at Blackheath Resources, a mineral exploration company listed on the
TSX Venture Exchange. From June 2011 to March 2013, Mr. Langer was the VP of
Capital Markets at Oracle Mining Corp., a mineral exploration company listed on
the Toronto Stock Exchange. From August 2011 to February 2013, Mr. Langer was a
Director at High North Resources, a mineral exploration company listed on the
TSX Venture Exchange. From September 2008 to June 2011, Mr. Langer was the
Director of Sales and Marketing at ERA Carbon Offsets, a carbon offset marketing
company listed on the TSX Venture Exchange. From September 2004 to August 2008,
Mr. Langer was an Investment Advisor at Canaccord Capital Ltd.. Mr. Langer has a
Master s Certificate in Finance from the University of Toronto. 
  William McCullagh  was appointed to our Board of
Directors on June 29, 2016. Mr. McCullagh has over forty years of experience in
mineral exploration, financing and development. Mr. McCullagh was a director of
Nomad Ventures Inc., a mineral exploration Company listed on the TSX Ventures
Exchange from September 2011 to April 2014. Mr. McCullagh is currently running a
placer operation in the Barkerville area of British Columbia, Canada. 
  Family Relationships   
 William McCullagh, our director, is the father of Kerry J.
McCullagh our sole executive officer.    
  Terms of Office   
 Members of our board of directors are appointed to hold office
until the next annual meeting of our stockholders or until his or her successor
is elected and qualified, or until they resign or are removed in accordance with
the provisions of the Nevada Revised Statutes. Our officers are appointed by our
board of directors and hold office until removed by the board.  
 We do not pay to our directors any compensation for each
director serving as a director on our board of directors. In addition, at
present, there are no ongoing plans or arrangements for compensation of any of
our officers. Presently, there are no plans or agreements for compensation of
our officers and directors even if certain milestones are achieved in the business plan. However,
we expect to adopt a plan of reasonable compensation to our officers and
employees when and if we become operational and profitable. 
 16  

Significant Employees  
 We have no significant employees other than our sole officer
and director. We conduct our business through agreements with consultants and
arms-length third parties. Currently, we have no formal consulting agreements in
place. 
  Audit Committee and Audit Committee Financial Expert
  
 We have a separately designated audit committee and the members
are Kerry J. McCullagh, Alex Langer and William McCullagh. 
 None of our audit committee members qualify as an  audit
committee financial expert.  We believe that the cost related to retaining such
a financial expert at this time is prohibitive. Further, because we are in the
start-up stage of our business operations, we believe the services of an audit
committee financial expert are not warranted at this time.  
  Code Of Ethics   
 We adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to our officers and
directors, which is a  code of ethics  as defined by applicable rules of the
SEC. 
 Our Code of Ethics was attached as an exhibit to our Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended July 31, 2008. If we make any amendments
to our Code of Ethics other than technical, administrative, or other
non-substantive amendments, or grant any waivers, including implicit waivers,
from a provision of our Code of Ethics to our officers or directors, we will
disclose the nature of the amendment or waiver, its effective date and to whom
it applies in a Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC.  
  Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act
  
 Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our executive
officers and directors, and persons who own more than 10% of a registered class
of our securities ( Reporting Persons ), to file reports of ownership and
changes in ownership with the SEC. Reporting Persons are required by SEC
regulations to furnish us with copies of all forms they file pursuant to Section
16(a). Based solely on our review of the copies of such forms received by us, we
believe that, during the last fiscal year, all Reporting Persons complied with
all Section 16(a) filing requirements applicable to them.  

ITEM 11.   
      EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 
   
  Summary Compensation Table   
 The following table sets forth total compensation paid to or
earned by our named executive officers, as that term is defined in Item
402(m)(2) of Regulation S-K during the fiscal years ended July 31, 2016 and
2015:  

SUMMARY COMPENSATION
      TABLE       
   
          Name   Principal
      Position  
      
        Year  End  July 31,  
      
         Salary  ($)  
      
         Bonus  ($)  
      
        Stock  Awards  ($)  
      
        Option  Awards  ($)  
      
      Non-Equity  Incentive  Plan
       Compen-  sation ($)  
     Nonqualified  
      Deferred  Compen-
       sation  Earnings  ($)  
      
       All Other  Compen-  sation
       ($)  
      
       Total  ($)   
   
     Kerry J. McCullagh  
      President, Secretary,
       
          Treasurer, CEO   CFO  
     2016  2015   
     $0  $0   
     $0  $0   
     $0  $0   
     $0  $0   
     $0  $0   
     $0  $0   
     $0  $0   
     $0  $0     

 We do not currently pay our directors or officers any salary or
consulting fee. We recognize donated services of $1,000 per month for the
services provided by Mr. McCullagh.  
 17 

Outstanding Equity Awards At Fiscal Year-End   
 As at July 31, 2016 we had no outstanding equity awards.  
  Employment Contracts   
 We are not party to any employment contracts. 

ITEM 12.   
      SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
      OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND   RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 
     
  Equity Compensation Plans   
 We have no equity compensation plans (including individual
compensation arrangements) under which our equity securities are authorized for
issuance.  
  Security Ownership Of Certain Beneficial Owners And
Management   
 The following table sets forth certain information concerning
the number of shares of our common stock owned beneficially as of October 24,
2016   by: (i) each person (including any group) known to us to own more
than five percent (5%) of any class of our voting securities, (ii) each of our
directors and each of our named executive officers (as defined under Item
402(m)(2) of Regulation S-K), and (iii) officers and directors as a group.
Unless otherwise indicated, the shareholders listed possess sole voting and
investment power with respect to the shares shown.  

(1)  
     
       Under Rule 13d-3, a beneficial owner of a security
      includes any person who, directly or indirectly, through any contract,
      arrangement, understanding, relationship, or otherwise has or shares: (i)
      voting power, which includes the power to vote, or to direct the voting of
      shares; and (ii) investment power, which includes the power to dispose or
      direct the disposition of shares. Certain shares may be deemed to be
      beneficially owned by more than one person (if, for example, persons share
      the power to vote or the power to dispose of the shares). In addition,
      shares are deemed to be beneficially owned by a person if the person has
      the right to acquire the shares (for example, upon exercise of an option)
      within 60 days of the date as of which the information is provided. In
      computing the percentage ownership of any person, the amount of shares
      outstanding is deemed to include the amount of shares beneficially owned
      by such person (and only such person) by reason of these acquisition
      rights. As a result, the percentage of outstanding shares of any person as
      shown in this table does not necessarily reflect the person s actual
      ownership or voting power with respect to the number of shares of common
      stock actually outstanding on October 24, 2016. As of October 24,
2016, there were 16,530,000 shares of our common stock issued and
outstanding.    
 18 

Changes In Control   
 We are not aware of any arrangement that might result in a
change in control in the future.    

ITEM 13.   
      CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS   AND 
       RELATED   TRANSACTIONS,   AND   DIRECTOR 
       INDEPENDENCE.     

  Related Transactions   
 Except as described below, none of the following parties has,
during the last two fiscal years, had any material interest, direct or indirect,
in any transaction with us or in any presently proposed transaction that has or
will materially affect us, other than noted in this section:  

(i)  
     
       Any of our directors or officers;   

(ii)  
     
       Any person proposed as a nominee for election as a
      director;   

(iii)  
     
       Any person who beneficially owns, directly or indirectly,
      shares carrying more than 10% of the voting rights attached to our
      outstanding shares of common stock;   

(iv)  
     
       Any of our promoters; and   

(v)  
     
       Any relative or spouse of any of the foregoing persons
      who has the same house as such person.    
 As at July 31, 2016, we are indebted to Mr. Kerry J. McCullagh
$234,901 (2015 - $200,467) for advances and expenses incurred on our behalf. The
amount is non-interest bearing, unsecured and due on demand.  
  Director Independence   
 Our common stock is quoted on the OTC Markets inter-dealer
quotation system, which does not have director independence requirements. Under
NASDAQ Rule 5605(a)(2), a director is not considered to be independent if he or
she is also an executive officer or employee of the corporation. Our director,
Kerry J. McCullagh, is also our sole executive officer. As a result, we do not
have any independent directors.  
 As a result of our limited operating history and minimal
resources, our management believes that it will have difficulty in attracting
independent directors. In addition, we would likely be required to obtain
directors and officer s insurance coverage in order to attract and retain
independent directors. Our management believes that the costs associated with
maintaining such insurance is prohibitive at this time.  
  Canadian National Instrument 58-101   
 We are a reporting issuer in the Province of British Columbia.
National Instrument 58-101 of the Canadian Securities Administrators requires
our company to disclose annually on our Annual Report certain information
concerning corporate governance.  
  Board of Directors   
 Our Board of Directors is currently comprised of three members,
Kerry J. McCullagh, Alex Langer and William McCullagh. Kerry J. McCullagh is not
 independent , as that term is defined in National Instrument 52-110, due to the
fact that he is our sole executive officer. William McCullagh is not
 independent,  as that term is described in National Instrument 52-110, due to
the fact Kerry McCullagh is his immediate family member and an executive officer
of the Company. 
  Directorships   
 Kerry J. McCullagh, and William McCullagh are not currently
directors or officers of any other reporting issuer (or the equivalent in a
foreign jurisdiction). Alex Langer is currently the CEO of Blackheath Resources
which is listed on the TSX Venture Exchange. 
 19 

Orientation and Continuing Education   
 Kerry J. McCullagh provides an overview of our business
activities, systems and business plan to all new directors. New director
candidates have free access to any of our records, employees or senior
management in order to conduct their own due diligence and will be briefed on
the strategic plans, short, medium and long term corporate objectives, business
risks and mitigation strategies, corporate governance guidelines and existing
policies of the Company. Directors are encouraged to update their skills and
knowledge by taking courses and attending professional seminars.  
  Ethical Business Conduct   
 Our directors believe good corporate governance is an integral
component to the success of the Company and to meet responsibilities to
shareholders. Generally, our directors have found that the fiduciary duties
placed on individual directors by the Company s governing corporate legislation
and the common law and the restrictions placed by applicable corporate
legislation on an individual director s participation in decisions of the Board
of Directors in which the director has an interest have been sufficient to
ensure that the Board of Directors operates independently of management and in
the best interests of the Company.  
 Our directors are also responsible for applying governance
principles and practices, and tracking development in corporate governance, and
adapting  best practices  to suit the needs of the Company. The directors may
also be a director and officer of other companies, and conflicts of interest may
arise between his duties. Such conflicts must be disclosed in accordance with,
and are subject to such other procedures and remedies as applicable under the
Nevada Revised Statutes.  
  Nomination of Directors   
 Our directors have not formed a nominating committee or similar
committee to assist him with the nomination of directors for the Company. Our
directors consider the size of the Board of Directors to be too small to warrant
creation of such a committee; and our directors have contacts they can draw upon
to identify new members of the Board of Directors as needed from time to time.
 
 Our directors will continually assess the size, structure and
composition of the Board of Directors, taking into consideration its current
strengths, skills and experience, proposed retirements and the requirements and
strategic direction of the Company. As required, directors will recommend
suitable candidates for consideration as members of the Board of Directors.  
  Assessments   
 Our directors have not implemented a process for assessing
their effectiveness. As a result of our small size and stage of development, our
directors consider a formal assessment process to be inappropriate at this time.
Our directors plans to continue evaluating their own effectiveness on an ad hoc
basis.  

ITEM 14.   
      PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES. 
       
 The aggregate fees billed for the two most recently completed
fiscal years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015 for professional services rendered by
the principal accountant for the audit of our annual financial statements and
review of the financial statements included in our Quarterly Reports on Form
10-Q and services that are normally provided by the accountant in connection
with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for these fiscal periods
were as follows. 

20 

PART IV   

ITEM 15.   
      EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 

21 

SIGNATURES   
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to
be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.  

CONTACT MINERALS CORP.    

Date:  
     October 25, 2016  
       
     By:  
      /s/
      Kerry J. McCullagh    

KERRY J. McCULLAGH    

Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial
      Officer,   

President, Secretary and Treasurer   

(Principal Executive Officer   Principal
      Accounting Officer)    
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of
the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.  

Date:  
     October 25, 2016  
       
     By:  
      /s/
      Kerry J. McCullagh    

KERRY J. McCULLAGH    

Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial
      Officer,   

President, Secretary and Treasurer   

(Principal Executive Officer   Principal
      Accounting Officer)   

Director   

Date:  
     October 25, 2016  
       
     By:  
      /s/
      Alex Langer    

ALEX LANGER    

Director   

Date:  
     October 25, 2016  
       
     By:  
      /s/
      William McCullagh    

WILLIAM McCULLAGH    

Director     

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exhibit31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Contact Minerals Corp.: Exhibit 31.1 - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

CERTIFICATIONS   
 I, Kerry J. McCullagh, certify that;  

(1)  
     
       I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of
      Contact Minerals Corp.;   

(2)  
     
       Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any
      untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
      necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
      which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
      covered by this report;   

(3)  
     
       Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and
      other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
      material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
      flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
      report;   

(4)  
     
       I am responsible for establishing and maintaining
      disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
      13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
      defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
      and have:     

a)  
     
       Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or
      caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my
      supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
      registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to me
      by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
      this report is being prepared;   

b)  
     
       Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
      or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
      under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
      reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
      statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
      accounting principles;   

c)  
     
       Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
      disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my
      conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
      procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
      such evaluation; and   

d)  
     
       Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's
      internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
      registrant's fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is
      reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control
      over financial reporting; and     

(5)  
     
       I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of
      the internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
      auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
      (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  
     
       All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in
      the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
      are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to
      record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

b)  
     
       Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
      management or other employees who have a significant role in the
      registrant s internal control over financial
reporting.     

Date:  
     October 25, 2016  

/s/ Kerry J. McCullagh   

By:  
     KERRY J. McCULLAGH  

Title:  
     Chief Executive Officer and

Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 exhibit32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Contact Minerals Corp.: Exhibit 32.1 - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

CERTIFICATION OF    
   
      CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL
      OFFICER    
   
      PURSUANT TO    
   
      18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,    
   
      AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO    
   
      SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
     
 I, Kerry J. McCullagh, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer of Contact Minerals Corp. (the  Company ), hereby certify
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge:  

(i)  
     
       the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company, for the
      fiscal year ended July 31, 2016, and to which this certification is
      attached as Exhibit 32.1 (the  Report ) fully complies with the
      requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
      1934, as amended; and   

(ii)  
     
       the information contained in the Report fairly presents,
      in all material respects, the financial condition and results of
      operations of the Company.     

By:  
      /s/
      Kerry J. McCullagh    

Name:  
     KERRY J. McCULLAGH   

Title:  
     Chief Executive Officer and   

Chief Financial Officer   

Date:  
     October 25, 2016   

A signed original of this written statement required by
Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to the Company
and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange
Commission or its staff upon request.   
  This certification accompanies the Form 10-K to which it
relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is
not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the
Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (whether made
before or after the date of the Form 10-K), irrespective of any general
incorporation language contained in such filing.   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 4
 cntm-20160731.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 cntm-20160731.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 cntm-20160731_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 cntm-20160731_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 cntm-20160731_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 cntm-20160731_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

