<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1437352_0001564590-16-029111_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8065673</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>375178</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>238137</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2159926</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2287390</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1518541</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>53</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001564590-16-029111.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114082742
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001564590-16-029111
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		76
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			EVERBRIDGE, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001437352
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37874
		FILM NUMBER:		161990790

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		25 CORPORATE DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 400
		CITY:			BURLINGTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01803
		BUSINESS PHONE:		818-230-9700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		25 CORPORATE DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 400
		CITY:			BURLINGTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01803

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	3N GLOBAL INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080611

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001564590-16-029111.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 evbg-10q_20160930.htm
 10-Q

evbg-10q_20160930.htm

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, DC 20549 
   
 FORM 10-Q 
   
 (Mark One) 

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 
 OR 

For the transition period from                      to                      
 Commission File Number: 001-37874 
   
 Everbridge, Inc. 
 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 

Delaware  

26-2919312  

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization)  

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)  

25 Corporate Drive, Suite 400 
 Burlington, Massachusetts  

01803  

(Address of principal executive offices)  

(Zip Code)  

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: (818) 230-9700 
   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes         No    
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes       No      
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer  

Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  

(Do not check if a small reporting company)   

Small reporting company  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes         No    
 As of October 31, 2016, the registrant had 27,148,042 shares of common stock issued and outstanding. 

EVERBRIDGE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

Page  

PART I.  
 
   FINANCIAL INFORMATION      

3  

Item 1.  
 
   Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)    

3  

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015    

3  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended  September 30, 2016 and 2015    

4  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015    

5  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders  Equity (Deficit) for the Nine Months Ended  September 30, 2016 and the year ended December 31, 2015    

6  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015    

7  

Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements    

8  

Item 2.  
 
   Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations    

18  

Item 3.  
 
   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk    

32  

Item 4.  
 
   Controls and Procedures    

33  

PART II.  
 
   OTHER INFORMATION      

34  

Item 1.  
 
   Legal Proceedings    

34  

Item 1A.  
 
   Risk Factors    

34  

Item 2.  
 
   Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds    

53  

Item 3.  
 
   Defaults Upon Senior Securities    

54  

Item 4.  
 
   Mine Safety Disclosures    

54  

Item 5.  
 
   Other Information    

54  

Item 6.  
 
   Exhibits    

55  

Signatures    

56  

Exhibit Index    

57  

2 

PART I FINANCI  AL   INFORMATION  

Item 1.   
 
     Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited).    

 EVERBRIDGE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
     Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (in thousands, except share data) 
 (unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

3 

EVERBRIDGE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
     Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 (unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

4 

EVERBRIDGE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
 (in thousands) 
 (unaudited) 

See the accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

5 

EVERBRIDGE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
     Consolidated Statements of Stockholders  Equity (Deficit) 
 (in thousands) 
 (unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

6 

EVERBRIDGE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
     Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (in thousands) 
 (unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

7 

Everbridge, Inc.  
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Unaudited) 
   
 (1) Business and Nature of Operations 
 Everbridge, Inc., a Delaware corporation (together with its wholly-owned subsidiaries, referred to as  Everbridge  or the  Company ), is a global software company that provides critical communications and enterprise safety applications that enable customers to automate and accelerate the process of keeping people safe and businesses running during critical events. The Company s SaaS-based platform enables the Company s customers to quickly and reliably deliver messaging to a large group of people during critical situations. The Company s enterprise applications automate numerous critical communications processes such as Mass Notification, Incident Management, IT Alerting, Safety Connection, Community Engagement, Secure Messaging and Internet of Things. The Company generates revenue primarily from subscription fees to the Company s enterprise applications. The Company has operations in the United States, the United Kingdom and China. 
 Initial Public Offering 
 On September 21, 2016, the Company completed an initial public offering ( IPO ) in which the Company sold 6,250,000 shares of its common stock at the public offering price of $12.00 per share. The Company received net proceeds of $66.1 million, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses paid and payable by the Company, from sales of its shares in the IPO.  In connection with the closing of the IPO, all shares of Class A common stock then outstanding were converted into 1,164,105 shares of common stock and all shares of convertible preferred stock then outstanding were converted into 8,354,963 shares of common stock, in each case on a one-to-one basis. 
 As of September 30, 2016, 27,148,042 shares of the Company s common stock were outstanding. 

(2) Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 Basis of Presentation 
 The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America ( U.S. GAAP ) and applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) regarding interim financial reporting. Certain information and note disclosures normally included in the financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP have been condensed or omitted pursuant to such rules and regulations. Therefore, these condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes included in the final prospectus filed with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424(b)(4) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, on September 16, 2016 (the  Prospectus ). 
 The condensed consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2015, included herein, was derived from the audited financial statements as of that date, but does not include all disclosures including certain notes required by U.S. GAAP on an annual reporting basis. 
 In the opinion of management, the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements reflect all normal recurring adjustments necessary to present fairly the financial position, results of operations, comprehensive loss and cash flows for the interim periods, but are not necessarily indicative of the results of operations to be anticipated for the full year 2016 or any future period. 
 Principles of Consolidation 
 The condensed consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated. 
 Use of Estimates 
 The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements, and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
 8 

Assets and liabilities which are subject to judgment and use of estimates include   allowances for doubtful accounts, the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in business combinations, the recoverability of goodwill and long-lived assets, valuation allowances with respect to deferred tax assets, useful lives associated w  ith property and equipment and intangible assets, contingencies, and the valuation and assumptions underlying stock-based compensation. On an ongoing basis, the Company evaluates its estimates compared to historical experience and trends, which form the ba  sis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities. In addition, the Company engaged valuation specialists to assist with management s determination of the valuation of its fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in   business combinations and, for all periods prior to the completion of the IPO, the valuation of the Company s common stock.  
 Concentrations of Credit and Business Risk 
 Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to a concentration of credit risk consist of cash and accounts receivable. 
 The Company maintains cash balances at several banks. Accounts located in the United States are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, or FDIC, up to $250,000. From time to time, balances may exceed amounts insured by the FDIC. The Company has not experienced any losses in such amounts. 
 The Company s accounts receivable are generally unsecured and are derived from revenue earned from customers located in the United States and the United Kingdom and are generally denominated in U.S. dollars or British pounds. Each reporting period, the Company reevaluates each customer s ability to satisfy credit obligations and maintains an allowance for doubtful accounts based on the evaluations. No single customer comprised more than 10% of the Company s total revenue or accounts receivable for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. No single customer comprised more than 10% of the Company s total revenue or accounts receivable for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 
 Significant Accounting Policies 
 There have been no changes to our significant accounting policies described in the Prospectus. 
 Recently Issued Accounting Guidance, Not Yet Adopted 
 In August 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued new accounting guidance:  Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments.  The guidance addresses eight specific cash flow issues with the objective of reducing the existing diversity in practice for certain cash receipts and cash payments. The amendments in this guidance are effective for public business entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal years and early adoption is permitted. The Company has elected not to early adopt. The Company is evaluating the impact of adopting this new accounting standard on its consolidated financial statements. 
 In March 2016, the FASB Accounting Standards Updates ( ASU ) No. 2016-09,   Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting .  This standard is intended to simplify several areas of accounting for share-based compensation arrangements, including the income tax impact, classification on the statement of cash flows and forfeitures. ASU 2016-09 is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2016, and early adoption is permitted. The Company is evaluating the impact of this guidance on its condensed consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 
 In February, 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,   Leases  . The standard will affect all entities that lease assets and will require lessees to recognize a lease liability and a right-of-use asset for all leases (except for short-term leases that have a duration of less than one year) as of the date on which the lessor makes the underlying asset available to the lessee. For public companies, the new standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. For leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements, lessees and lessors must apply a modified retrospective transition approach. While the Company expects the adoption of this standard to result in an increase to the reported assets and liabilities, the Company has not yet determined the full impact that the adoption of this standard will have on its condensed consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 
   In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers  . This new guidance will replace most existing U.S. GAAP guidance on this topic. The new revenue recognition standard provides a unified model to determine when and how revenue is recognized. The core principle is that a company should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration for which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-14 which deferred, by one year, the effective date for the new revenue reporting standard for entities reporting under U.S. GAAP. In accordance with the deferral, this guidance will be effective for the  
 9 

Company beginning January 1, 2018 and can be applied either retrospectively to each period presented or as a cumulative-effect adjustmen  t as of the date of adoption. Early adoption is permitted beginning January 1, 2017. In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-08,    Revenue from Contracts with Customers, Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net)    clarifying   the implementation guidance on principal versus agent considerations. Specifically, an entity is required to determine whether the nature of a promise is to provide the specified good or service itself (that is, the entity is a principal) or to arrange for   the good or service to be provided to the customer by the other party (that is, the entity is an agent). The determination influences the timing and amount of revenue recognition. In April 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-10,    Revenue from Contracts with Cu  stomers, Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing   , clarifying the implementation guidance on identifying performance obligations and licensing. Specifically, the amendments reduce the cost and complexity of identifying promised goods or services   and improve the guidance for determining whether promises are separately identifiable. The amendments also provide implementation guidance on determining whether an entity s promise to grant a license provides a customer with either a right to use the enti  ty s intellectual property (which is satisfied at a point in time) or a right to access the entity s intellectual property (which is satisfied over time). In May 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-12    Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606), Narrow-S  cope Improvements and Practical Expedients   , which amends the guidance on transition, collectability, noncash consideration and the presentation of sales and other similar taxes. ASU 2016-12 clarifies that, for a contract to be considered completed at tran  sition, all (or substantially all) of the revenue must have been recognized under legacy GAAP. In addition, ASU 2016-12 clarifies how an entity should evaluate the collectability threshold and when an entity can recognize nonrefundable consideration receiv  ed as revenue if an arrangement does not meet the standard s contract criteria. The effective date and transition requirements for ASU 2016-08, ASU 2016-10 and ASU 2016-12 are the same as the effective date and transition requirements for ASU 2014-09. The   Company is evaluating the impact that these ASUs will have on its condensed consolidated financial statements and related disclosures and has not yet selected a transition method.  

(3) Accounts Receivable, Net 
 Accounts receivable, net is as follows (in thousands): 

Bad debt expense was $0.1 million and $0.1 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, and $0.2 million and $0.2 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. 
 The following table summarizes the changes in the allowance for doubtful accounts (in thousands): 

10 

(4) Property and Equipment  
 Property and equipment consisted of the following (in thousands): 

Depreciation and amortization expense for property and equipment was $0.4 million and $1.2 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, and $0.4 million and $1.0 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. 

(5) Capitalized Software Development Costs 
 Capitalized software development costs consisted of the following (in thousands): 

The Company capitalized software development costs of $4.9 million, $1.3 million and $4.3 million during the year ended December 31, 2015 and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively. 
 Amortization expense for capitalized software development costs was $1.3 million and $3.6 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, and $1.0 million and $2.1 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively.   Amortization of capitalized software development costs is classified within cost of revenue in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 The expected amortization of capitalized software development costs, as of September 30, 2016, for each of the following years is as follows (in thousands): 

11 

(6) Intangible Assets  
 Intangible assets consisted of the following (in thousands): 

Amortization expense for intangible assets was $0.3 million and $0.9 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, and $0.4 million and $1.2 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. 
 The expected amortization of the intangible assets, as of September 30, 2016, for each of the next five years and thereafter is as follows (in thousands): 

(7) Debt 
 On September 22, 2016, the Company repaid in full and terminated its term loan with Western Alliance Bank. The aggregate amount paid was $5.1 million, which included the full principal amount of $5.0 million and $0.1 million of accrued interest. The Company also repaid $5.8 million on its line of credit with Western Alliance Bank, which included $0.1 million of interest. Upon the repayment and termination of the term loan, the Company recorded a $0.1 million charge to interest expense for the unamortized portion of the debt discount. As of September 30, 2016, there was no outstanding balance on our term loan or line of credit. 
   
 The Company adopted ASU 2015-03 in the first quarter of 2016 and reclassified $48,000 of deferred financing costs, net, resulting in a deduction from the carrying value of the Company s long term line of credit and term loan, respectively, within its December 31, 2015 consolidated balance sheet.  

(8) Stockholders  Equity 
 Convertible Preferred Stock 
 In connection with the closing of the IPO, all shares of convertible preferred stock then outstanding were automatically converted into 8,354,963 shares of common stock on a one-to-one basis. 
 12 

Class A Common Stock  
 In connection with the closing of the IPO, all shares of class A common stock then outstanding were automatically converted into 1,164,105 shares of common stock on a one-to-one basis. 
 Preferred Stock 
 As of September  30, 2016, the Company had authorized 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.001, of which no shares were outstanding. 
 Common Stock 
 All of the shares offered and sold by the Company in the IPO were common stock. 
 As of September 30, 2016, the Company had authorized 100,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.001.  Holders of common stock are entitled to one vote per share. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, there were 27,148,042 and 11,106,926 shares of common stock issued and outstanding, respectively. 
 Warrants 
 In June 2009, the Company issued a warrant to purchase 10,029 shares of the Company s Series A-1 preferred stock at an exercise price of $2.49 per share in connection with a preferred stock offering. The warrant expires upon the earlier of (1) 10 years after the issuance date, (2) the closing of an initial public offering; or (3) when a change in control transaction takes place. 
 In June 2009, the Company issued a warrant to purchase 120,355 shares of the Company s Series A-1 preferred stock at an exercise price of $2.49 per share in connection with a preferred stock offering. The warrant expires upon the earlier of (1) 10 years after the issuance date, (2) five years after the closing of an initial public offering; or (3) when a change in control transaction takes place. 
 These warrants to purchase an aggregate of 130,384 shares of Series A-1 preferred stock at an exercise price of $2.49 per share were exercised during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. No warrants to purchase shares of capital stock of the Company were outstanding following such exercises. 

(9) Stock Plans and Stock-Based Compensation 
         
 The Company s 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (the  2016 Plan ) became effective on September 15, 2016. The 2016 Plan provides for the grant of incentive stock options, non-qualified stock options, restricted stock awards, restricted stock unit awards, stock appreciation rights and performance share awards to employees, directors and consultants of the Company. A total of 3,893,118 shares of the Company s common stock were initially reserved for issuance under the 2016 Plan, which is the sum of (1) 2,000,000 shares, (2) the number of shares reserved for issuance under the Company s 2008 Equity Incentive Plan (the  2008 Plan ) at the time the 2016 Plan becomes effective (up to a maximum of 42,934 shares) and (3) shares subject to stock options or other stock awards granted under the 2008 Plan that would have otherwise returned to our 2008 Plan (up to a maximum of 1,850,184 shares). The number of shares of common stock reserved for issuance under the 2016 Plan will automatically increase on January 1 of each year, beginning on January 1, 2017, by 3% of the number of shares of the Company s capital stock outstanding on the immediately preceding December 31, or such lesser number of shares as determined by the Company s board of directors. 
 As a result of the adoption of the 2016 Plan, no further grants may be made under the 2008 Plan. The 2008 Plan provided for the grant of stock options to the Company s  employees, directors and consultants.  Stock option awards were granted with an exercise price equal to the fair market value of the Company s common stock at the date of grant as determined by the Company s board of directors. The option awards generally vested over four years and were exercisable any time after vesting. The stock options expire ten years after the date of grant. 
   
 2016 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 The Company s Employee Stock Purchase Plan ( 2016 ESPP ) became effective on September 15, 2016. A total of 500,000 shares of the Company s common stock were initially reserved for issuance under the 2016 Plan. The number of shares reserved for issuance under the 2016 ESPP will automatically increase on January 1 of each year, beginning on January 1, 2017, by the lesser of 200,000 shares of the common stock, 1% of the number of shares of the Company s common stock outstanding on the immediately preceding December 31, or such lesser number of shares as determined by the Company s board of directors. 
 13 

The 2016 ESPP allows eligible employees to purchase shares of the Company s common stock at a discount of up to 15% through payroll deductions of their eligible c  ompensation, subject to any plan limitations. Except for the initial offering period, the 2016 ESPP provides for separate six-month offering periods beginning each March and October of each fiscal year.  
 On each purchase date, eligible employees will purchase the Company s stock at a price per share equal to 85% of the lesser of (i) the fair market value of the Company s common stock on the offering date or (ii) the fair market value of the Company s common stock on the purchase date. 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2016, no shares of common stock were purchased under the 2016 ESPP. The 2016 ESPP is considered compensatory for purposes of stock-based compensation expense. 
 Stock Options 
 The Company recorded stock-based compensation expense of $0.8 million and $2.2 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively. The Company recorded stock-based compensation expense of $0.5 million and $0.9 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. 
 The total intrinsic value of options exercised for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $1.4 million and $2.0 million, respectively. This intrinsic value represents the difference between the fair market value of the Company s common stock on the date of exercise and the exercise price of each option. Based on the fair market value of the Company s common stock at September 30, 2016, the total intrinsic value of all outstanding options was $12.9 million. 
   
 The fair value of stock option grants is determined using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following weighted average assumptions. In addition, the fair value per share on grant date is presented below:  

(1)    
 
 The expected term represents the period that the stock-based compensation awards are expected to be outstanding. Since the Company did not have sufficient historical information to develop reasonable expectations about future exercise behavior, the Company used the simplified method to compute expected term, which reflects the average of the time-to-vesting and the contractual life;    

(2)    
 
 The expected volatility of the Company s common stock on the date of grant is based on the volatilities of publicly traded peer companies that are reasonably comparable to the Company s own operations;    

(3)    
 
 The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant for zero coupon U.S. Treasury notes with maturities approximately equal to the expected term of the options; and    

(4)    
 
 The expected dividend yield is assumed to be zero as the Company has never paid dividends and has no current plans to pay any dividends on the Company s common stock.    

 Total unrecognized compensation cost, adjusted for estimated forfeitures, related to nonvested stock options was approximately $6.7 million as of September 30, 2016, and is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 1.36 years. 
 14 

A summary o  f activities under the 2008 Option Plan and the 2016 Option Plan is shown as follows for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2015 and the nine months ended September 30, 2016:  

Stock-based compensation expense is recognized over the award s expected vesting schedule, which is reduced for estimated forfeitures. Forfeitures are estimated at the time of grant and revised, if necessary, in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates. Forfeitures were estimated based on the Company s historical experience and future expectations. 
 Stock options outstanding, and options exercisable and vested are as follows: 

Vested and nonvested stock option activity was as follows: 

Stock-Based Compensation Expense 
 The Company recorded the total stock-based compensation expense as follows (in thousands): 

15 

(10) Basic and Diluted Net Loss per Share  
 Basic net loss per common share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted net loss per share of common stock is computed by giving effect to all potential dilutive shares of common stock. Basic and diluted net loss per share of common stock were the same for all periods presented as the impact of all potentially dilutive securities outstanding was anti-dilutive.      
 The following common equivalent shares were excluded from the diluted net loss per share calculation because their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive: 

The Company is required to reserve and keep available from the Company s authorized but unissued shares of common stock a number of shares equal to the number of shares subject to outstanding awards under the 2008 Plan and the number of shares reserved for issuance under each of the 2016 Plan and 2016 ESPP. 

(11) Income Taxes 
 The Company is subject to income tax in the United States as well as other tax jurisdictions in which it conducts business. Earnings from non-U.S. activities are subject to local country income tax. The Company does not provide for federal income taxes on the undistributed earnings of its foreign subsidiaries as such earnings are reinvested indefinitely. 
 The Company s tax provision for interim periods is determined using an estimate of its annual effective tax rate, adjusted for discrete items arising in that quarter. In each quarter, the Company updates its estimate of the annual effective tax rate, and if the estimated annual tax rate changes, the Company makes a cumulative adjustment in that quarter. The Company s quarterly tax provision, and its quarterly estimate of its annual effective tax rate, are subject to significant volatility due to several factors, including the Company s ability to accurately predict its pre-tax income and loss in multiple jurisdictions, as well as the portions of stock-based compensation that will either not generate tax benefits or the tax benefit is unpredictable and reflected when realized by employees. 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recorded a provision for income taxes of $0.1 million and a tax benefit of $0.2 million, respectively, resulting in an effective tax rate of 1.3% and 4.9%, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recorded a benefit for income taxes of $0.1 million and a benefit of $0.4 million, respectively, resulting in an effective tax rate of 0.9% and 5.2%, respectively. During the current year periods, the effective tax rate is lower than the statutory federal tax rate as the Company was not able to benefit from its net operating losses due to its full valuation allowance. 
 As of September 30, 2016, the Company had gross tax-effected unrecognized tax benefits of $0.2 million, of which $0.2 million, if recognized, would favorably impact the effective tax rate. The Company s existing tax positions will continue to generate an increase in unrecognized tax benefits in subsequent periods. The Company s policy is to record interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the amounts recorded related to the accrual of interest and penalties were immaterial in each period.   

(12) Segment information 
 The Company operates as one operating segment. Operating segments are defined as components of an enterprise for which separate financial information is evaluated regularly by the chief operating decision maker, or ( CODM ), who is the Company s chief executive officer, in deciding how to allocate resources and assess the Company s financial and operational performance. While the Company has applications that address multiple use cases, all of the Company s applications operate on and leverage a single technology platform and are deployed and sold in an identical way. In addition, the Company s CODM evaluates the Company s financial information and resources and assesses the performance of these resources on a consolidated basis. As a result, the Company has determined that the Company s business operates in a single operating segment. Since the Company operates as one operating segment, all required financial segment information can be found in the consolidated financial statements. 

16 

(13) Geographic Concentrations  
 Revenue by location is determined by the billing address of the customer. Approximately 90% and 89% of the Company s revenue was from the United States for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively. No other individual country comprised more than 10% of total revenue for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016. Property and equipment by geographic location is based on the location of the legal entity that owns the asset. As of September 30, 2016, more than 95% of the Company s property and equipment was located in the United States. 

(14) Commitments and Contingencies 
 (a) Leases 
 The Company leases office space in Pasadena, California; San Francisco, California; Burlington, Massachusetts; Colchester, England; Windsor, England and Beijing, China under operating leases and recognizes escalating rent expense on a straight-line basis over the expected lease term. 
 As of September 30, 2016, future minimum lease payments under non-cancelable operating leases are as follows (in thousands): 

Future minimum operating lease payments have been reduced by future minimum sublease income of $0.2 million. 
 (b) Rent 
 Rent expense was $0.4 million and $1.2 million, respectively, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, and $0.5 million and $1.3 million, respectively, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015. 
 (c) Litigation 
 In the normal course of business, the Company has been subjected to various unasserted claims. The Company does not believe these will have a material adverse impact to the financial statements. 
 (d) Employee Contracts 
 The Company has entered into employment contracts with certain of the Company s executive officers which provide for at-will employment. However, under the provisions of the contracts, the Company would incur severance obligations of up to twelve months of the executive s annual base salary for certain events, such as involuntary terminations. 

17 

Item 2.   
 
          Management s Discussion and Analysis of   Financial Condition and Results of Operations.     

 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with (i) our condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and (ii) our audited consolidated financial statements and related notes and management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations included in the final prospectus for our initial public offering filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 16, 2016. This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. These statements are often identified by the use of words such as  anticipate,   believe,   continue,   could,   estimate,   expect,   intend,   may,   plan,   project,   will,   would  or the negative or plural of these words or similar expressions or variations. Such forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other factors that could cause actual results and the timing of certain events to differ materially from future results expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those identified herein, and those discussed in the section titled  Risk Factors , set forth in Part II, Item 1A of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and in our other SEC filings. You should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. Furthermore, such forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this report. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of such statements. 
 Overview 
 We are a global software company that provides critical communications and enterprise safety applications that enable customers to automate and accelerate the process of keeping people safe and businesses running during critical events. During public safety threats such as active shooter situations, terrorist attacks or severe weather conditions, as well as critical business events such as IT outages or cyber incidents, our SaaS-based platform enables our customers to quickly and reliably aggregate and assess threat data, locate people at risk and responders able to assist, and automate the execution of pre-defined communications processes. Our customers use our platform to deliver intelligent, contextual messages to, and receive verification of delivery from, hundreds or millions of recipients, across multiple communications modalities such as voice, SMS and e-mail. Our applications enable the delivery of messages in near real-time to more than 100 different communication devices, in over 200 countries and territories, in 15 languages and dialects   all simultaneously. We delivered 1.1 billion communications in 2015. We automate the process of sending contextual notifications to multiple constituencies and receiving return information on a person s or operation s status so that organizations can act quickly and precisely. Our critical communication and enterprise safety applications include Mass Notification, Incident Management, IT Alerting, Safety Connection, Community Engagement, Secure Messaging and Internet of Things, and are easy-to-use and deploy, secure, highly scalable and reliable. We believe that our broad suite of integrated, enterprise applications delivered via a single global platform is a significant competitive advantage in the market for critical communications and enterprise safety solutions, which we refer to generally as critical communications. 
 Our customer base has grown from 867 customers at the end of 2011 to more than 3,000 customers as of September 30, 2016. As of September 30, 2016, our customers were based in 25 countries and included eight of the 10 largest U.S. cities, eight of the 10 largest U.S.-based investment banks, 24 of the 25 busiest North American airports, six of the ten largest global consulting firms, six of the 10 largest global auto makers, all four of the largest global accounting firms, four of the 10 largest U.S.-based health care providers and four of the 10 largest U.S.-based health insurers. We provide our applications to customers of varying sizes, including enterprises, small businesses, non-profit organizations, educational institutions and governmental agencies. Our customers span a wide variety of industries including technology, energy, financial services, healthcare and life sciences, manufacturing, media and entertainment, retail, higher education and professional services. 
 We sell all of our critical communications applications on a subscription basis. We generally enter into contracts that range from one to three years in length, with an average contract duration of 2.1 years as of September 30, 2016, and generally bill and collect payment annually in advance. We derive most of our revenue from subscriptions to applications. Over 90% of the revenue that we recognized in each of the eight most recently completed quarters was generated from contracts entered into in prior quarters or renewals of those contracts; the balance of the revenue that we recognized in each such quarter was generated from contracts entered into with new customers or new contracts, other than renewals, entered into with existing customers in such quarter. Historically, we derived more than 87% of our revenue in each of the last three fiscal years and the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from sales of our Mass Notification application. Our pricing model is based on the number of applications subscribed to and, per application, the number of people, locations and things connected to our platform as well as the volume of communications. We also offer premium services including data feeds for social media, threat intelligence and weather. We generate additional revenue by expanding the number of applications that our customers subscribe to and the number of contacts and devices connected to our platform. 
 18 

We generated revenue of $55.6 million and $42.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and   2015, respectively, representing a period-over-period increase of 31%. We generated revenue of $19.9 million and $15.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, representing a period-over-period increase of 31%. We had n  et losses of $8.7 million and $6.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. We had net losses of $2.6 million and $3.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  Our adjusted EBITDA, w  hich is a measure that is not calculated and presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States, or GAAP, was $0.3 million and $(1.4) million for the three months ended September 30, 2016   and 2015, respectively.  See      Other Metrics  below for a discussion of the limitations of adjusted EBITDA and a reconciliation of adjusted EBITDA to net loss, the most directly comparable financial measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP.  
 As of December 31, 2015 and September 30, 2016, 17% and 16% of our customers, respectively, were located outside of the United States and these customers generated 11% and 14% of our total revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 
 We have focused on rapidly growing our business and believe that the future growth of our business is dependent on many factors, including our ability to increase the functionality of our platform and applications, expand our customer base, accelerate adoption of our applications beyond Mass Notification within our existing customer base and expand our international presence. Our future growth will also depend on the growth in the market for critical communications solutions and our ability to effectively compete. In order to further penetrate the market for critical communications solutions and capitalize on what we believe to be a significant opportunity, we intend to continue to invest in research and development, build-out our data center infrastructure and services capabilities and hire additional sales representatives, both domestically and internationally, to drive sales to new customers and incremental sales of new applications to existing customers. Nevertheless, we expect to continue to incur losses in the near term and, if we are unable to achieve our growth objectives, we may not be able to achieve profitability. 
 Recent Developments 
 In September 2016, we closed our initial public offering, or IPO, at which time we sold a total of 6,250,000 shares of our common stock.  We received net cash proceeds of $66.1 million, net of underwriting discounts and commissions and other costs associated with the offering paid or payable by us. 
 Presentation of Financial Statements 
 Our consolidated financial statements include the accounts of our wholly-owned subsidiaries. Business acquisitions are included in our consolidated financial statements from the date of the acquisition. Our purchase accounting resulted in all assets and liabilities of acquired businesses being recorded at their estimated fair values on the acquisition dates. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 
 We report our financial results as one operating segment. Our operating results are regularly reviewed on a consolidated basis by our chief executive officer, who is our chief operating decision maker, principally to make strategic decisions regarding how we allocate our resources and to assess our consolidated operating performance. 
 Other Metrics 
 We regularly monitor a number of financial and operating metrics in order to measure our current performance and estimate our future performance. Our other business metrics may be calculated in a manner different than similar other business metrics used by other companies. 

Revenue Retention Rate  .  We calculate our revenue retention rate by dividing (1) total revenue in the current 12-month period from those customers who were customers during the prior 12-month period by (2) total revenue from all customers in the prior 12-month period. For the purposes of calculating our revenue retention rate, we count as customers      

 19 

all entities with whom we had contracts in the applicable period other than (1) customers of our wholly-owned sub  sidiary, Microtech, which generates an immaterial amount of our revenue in any given year and (2) in the first year following our acquisition of another business, customers that we acquired in connection with such acquisition. We believe that our ability t  o retain our customers and expand their use of our solutions over time is an indicator of the stability of our revenue base and the long-term value of our customer relationships. Our revenue retention rate provides insight into the impact on current period   revenue of the number of new customers acquired during the prior 12-month period, the timing of our implementation of those new customers, growth in the usage of our solutions by our existing customers and customer attrition. If our revenue retention rate   for a period exceeds 100%, this means that the revenue retained during the period including upsells more than offset the revenue that we lost from customers that did not renew their contracts during the period. Our revenue retention rate may decline or fl  uctuate as a result of a number of factors, including customers  satisfaction or dissatisfaction with our platform and applications, pricing, economic conditions or overall reductions in our customers  spending levels.     

Adjusted EBITDA  .  Adjusted EBITDA represents our net loss before interest income and interest expense, income tax expense and benefit, depreciation and amortization expense and stock-based compensation expense. We do not consider these items to be indicative of our core operating performance. The items that are non-cash include depreciation and amortization expense and stock-based compensation expense. Adjusted EBITDA is a measure used by management to understand and evaluate our core operating performance and trends and to generate future operating plans, make strategic decisions regarding the allocation of capital and invest in initiatives that are focused on cultivating new markets for our solutions. In particular, the exclusion of certain expenses in calculating adjusted EBITDA facilitates comparisons of our operating performance on a period-to-period basis. Adjusted EBITDA is not a measure calculated in accordance with GAAP. We believe that adjusted EBITDA provides useful information to investors and others in understanding and evaluating our operating results in the same manner as our management and board of directors. Nevertheless, use of adjusted EBITDA has limitations as an analytical tool, and you should not consider it in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our financial results as reported under GAAP. Some of these limitations are: (1) although depreciation and amortization are non-cash charges, the capitalized software that is amortized will need to be replaced in the future, and adjusted EBITDA does not reflect cash capital expenditure requirements for such replacements or for new capital expenditure requirements; (2) adjusted EBITDA does not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, our working capital needs; (3) adjusted EBITDA does not reflect the potentially dilutive impact of equity-based compensation; (4) adjusted EBITDA does not reflect tax payments or receipts that may represent a reduction or increase in cash available to us; and (5) other companies, including companies in our industry, may calculate adjusted EBITDA or similarly titled measures differently, which reduces the usefulness of the metric as a comparative measure. Because of these and other limitations, you should consider adjusted EBITDA alongside our other GAAP-based financial performance measures, net loss and our other GAAP financial results. The following table presents a reconciliation of adjusted EBITDA to net loss, the most directly comparable GAAP measure, for each of the periods indicated:     

20 

Adjusted Gross Margin  .  Adjusted gross margin represents gross profit plus stock-based compensation and amortization   of acquired intangibles  . Adjusted gross margin is a measure used by management to understand and evaluate our core operating performance and trends and to generate future operating plans. The exclusion of stock-based compensation   expense   and amortization   of acquired intangibles     facilitates comparisons of our operating performance on a period-to-period basis. In the near term, we expect these expenses to continue to negatively impact our gross profit. Adjusted gross margin is not a measure calculated in accordance with GAAP. We be  lieve that adjusted gross margin provides useful information to investors and others in understanding and evaluating our operating results in the same manner as our management and board of directors. Nevertheless, our use of adjusted gross margin has limit  ations as an analytical tool, and you should not consider it in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our financial results as reported under GAAP. You should consider adjusted gross margin alongside our other GAAP-based financial performance measur  es, gross profit and our other GAAP financial results. The following table presents a reconciliation of adjusted gross margin to gross profit, the most directly comparable GAAP measure, for each of the periods indicated:     

Free Cash Flow  .  Free cash flow represents net cash provided by operating activities minus capital expenditures and capitalized software development costs. Free cash flow is a measure used by management to understand and evaluate our core operating performance and trends and to generate future operating plans. The exclusion of capital expenditures and amounts capitalized for internally-developed software facilitates comparisons of our operating performance on a period-to-period basis and excludes items that we do not consider to be indicative of our core operating performance. Free cash flow is not a measure calculated in accordance with GAAP. We believe that free cash flow provides useful information to investors and others in understanding and evaluating our operating results in the same manner as our management and board of directors. Nevertheless, our use of free cash flow has limitations as an analytical tool, and you should not consider it in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our financial results as reported under GAAP. You should consider free cash flow alongside our other GAAP-based financial performance measures, net cash provided by operating activities, and our other GAAP financial results. The following table presents a reconciliation of free cash flow to net cash for operating activities, the most directly comparable GAAP measure, for each of the periods indicated:     

Additional Supplemental Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
   To supplement our consolidated financial statements, which are prepared and presented in accordance with GAAP, we provide investors with certain additional supplemental non-GAAP financial measures, including non-GAAP cost of revenue, non-GAAP gross profit, non-GAAP sales and marketing expense, non-GAAP research and development expense, non-GAAP general and administrative expense, non-GAAP total operating expenses, non-GAAP operating loss and non-GAAP net loss, which we collectively refer to as non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP financial measures exclude all or a combination of the following (as reflected in the following reconciliation tables): stock-based compensation expense and amortization of acquired intangibles. The presentation of the non-GAAP financial measures is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for, or superior to, the financial information prepared and presented in accordance with GAAP. We use these non-GAAP financial measures for financial and operational decision-making purposes and as a means to evaluate period-to-period comparisons. We believe that these non-GAAP financial measures provide useful information about our operating results, enhance the overall understanding of past financial performance and future prospects and allow for greater transparency with respect to metrics used by our management in its financial and operational decision making. While our non-GAAP financial measures are an important tool for  
 21 

financial and operational decision making and for evaluating our own operating results over different periods of time, you should consider our n  on-GAAP financial measures alongside our GAAP financial results.   
 We exclude stock-based compensation expense because of varying available valuation methodologies, subjective assumptions and the variety of equity instruments that can impact our non-cash expense. We believe that providing non-GAAP financial measures that exclude stock-based compensation expense allow for more meaningful comparisons between our operating results from period to period. We believe that excluding the impact of amortization of acquired intangibles allows for more meaningful comparisons between operating results from period to period as the intangibles are valued at the time of acquisition and are amortized over a period of several years after the acquisition. Accordingly, we believe that excluding these expenses provides investors and management with greater visibility of the underlying performance of our business operations, facilitates comparison of our results with other periods and may also facilitate comparison with the results of other companies in our industry. 
 There are limitations in using non-GAAP financial measures because the non-GAAP financial measures are not prepared in accordance with GAAP, may be different from non-GAAP financial measures used by other companies and exclude expenses that may have a material impact upon our reported financial results. Further, stock-based compensation expense has been and will continue to be for the foreseeable future a significant recurring expense in our business and an important part of the compensation provided to our employees. 
 22 

The following tables reconciles our GAAP to non-GAAP numbers for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:  

Components of Results of Operations 
 Revenue 
 We derive substantially all of our revenue from the sale of subscriptions to our critical communications and enterprise safety applications. 
 We generally bill and collect payment for our subscriptions annually in advance. All revenue billed in advance of services being delivered is recorded in deferred revenue. The initial subscription period typically ranges from one to three years. We offer varying levels of customer support based on customer needs and the complexity of their businesses, including the level of usage by a customer in terms of minutes or the amount of data used to transmit the notifications. Our pricing model is based on the number of applications subscribed to and, per application, the number of people, locations and things connected to our platform as well as the volume of communications. We also offer premium services including data feeds for social media, threat intelligence and weather. We generate additional revenue by expanding the number of premium features and applications that our customers subscribe to and the number of contacts connected to our platform. 
 23 

We generate an immaterial amount of rev  enue from set-up fees, which consist of participant process mapping, configuration, customer data migration and integration. We also sell professional services, which have been immaterial to date.  
 Cost of Revenue 
 Cost of revenue includes expenses related to the fulfillment of our subscription services, consisting primarily of employee-related expenses for data center operations and customer support, including salaries, bonuses, benefits and stock-based compensation expense. Cost of revenue also includes hosting costs, messaging costs and depreciation and amortization. As we add data center capacity and support personnel in advance of anticipated growth, our cost of revenue will increase and, if anticipated revenue growth does not occur, our gross profit will be adversely affected. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Operating expenses consist of sales and marketing, research and development and general and administrative expenses. Salaries, bonuses, stock-based compensation expense and other personnel costs are the most significant components of each of these expense categories. We include stock-based compensation expense incurred in connection with the grant of stock options within the applicable operating expense category based on the equity award recipient s functional area. 
 Sales and Marketing 
 Sales and marketing expense primarily consists of employee-related expenses for sales, marketing and public relations employees, including salaries, bonuses, commissions, benefits and stock-based compensation expense. Sales and marketing expense also includes trade show, market research, advertising and other related external marketing expense as well as office and software related costs to support sales. We defer certain sales commissions related to acquiring new customers and amortize these expenses ratably over the term of the corresponding subscription agreement. We plan to continue to expand our sales and marketing functions to grow our customer base and increase sales to existing customers. This growth will include adding sales personnel and expanding our marketing activities to continue to generate additional leads and build brand awareness. In the near term, we expect our sales and marketing expense to increase on an absolute dollar basis as we hire new sales representatives in the United States and worldwide and grow our marketing staff. 
 Research and Development 
 Research and development expense primarily consists of employee-related expenses for research and development staff, including salaries, bonuses, benefits and stock-based compensation expense. Research and development expense also includes the cost of certain third-party services, office related costs to support research and development activities, software subscriptions and hosting costs. We capitalize certain software development costs that are attributable to developing new applications and adding incremental functionality to our platform and amortize these costs over the estimated life of the new application or incremental functionality, which is generally three years. We focus our research and development efforts on improving our applications, developing new applications and delivering new functionality. In the near term, we expect our research and development expense to increase on an absolute dollar basis as we continue to increase the functionality of our platform and applications. 
 General and Administrative 
 General and administrative expense primarily consists of employee-related expenses for administrative, legal, finance and human resource personnel, including salaries, bonuses, benefits and stock-based compensation expense. General and administrative expense also includes professional fees, insurance premiums, corporate expenses, transaction-related costs, office-related expenses, facility costs, depreciation and amortization and software license costs. In the near term, we expect our general and administrative expense to increase on an absolute dollar basis as we incur the costs associated with being a publicly traded company. 
 Interest Income 
 Interest income consists of interest earned on our cash balances held at financial institutions. 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense consists of interest on our outstanding debt obligations and interest on our capital leases. 
 24 

Other Expense, Net  
 Other expense, net consists primarily of realized foreign currency gains and losses.  
 Results of Operations 
 The following tables set forth our results of operations for the periods presented and as a percentage of our total revenue for those periods. The period-to-period comparison of our historical results are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected in the future. 

(1)    
 
 Includes stock-based compensation expense as follows:    

(2)    
 
 Includes depreciation and amortization of acquired intangible assets as follows:    

25 

*   
 
 Represents less than 0.5% of revenue.    

 Comparison of the Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 
 Revenue 

Revenue increased by $4.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015. The increase was due to a $4.7 million increase in sales of our solutions driven by expansion of our customer base from 2,514 customers as of September 30, 2015 to 3,076 as of September 30, 2016, including increased sales to larger organizations with greater numbers of contacts and locations. 
 Cost of Revenue 

Cost of revenue increased by $1.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015. The increase was primarily due to a $0.2 million increase in depreciation and amortization expense attributable to our acquired intangible assets, a $0.5 million increase in hosting and messaging costs, and a $0.2 million increase in employee-related costs associated with our increased headcount from 89 employees as of September 30, 2015 to 95 employees as of September 30, 2016. 
 Gross margin percentage increased due to an increase in revenue, primarily offset by an increase in amortization of acquired intangible assets and capitalized software, as well as our continued investment in personnel to support our growth. 
 26 

Operating Expenses  
 Sales and Marketing Expense 

Sales and marketing expense increased by $1.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015. The increase was primarily due to a $1.7 million increase in employee-related costs associated with our increased headcount from 134 employees as of September 30, 2015 to 165 employees as of September 30, 2016. The remaining increase was principally the result of a $0.1 million increase in advertising costs. 
 Research and Development Expense 

Research and development expense increased by $0.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015. The increase was primarily due to a $0.6 million increase in employee-related costs associated with our increased headcount from 105 employees as of September 30, 2015 to 116 employees as of September 30, 2016. The remaining increase was principally the result of a $0.1 million increase in software subscriptions to support research and development activities. A total of $1.4 million of internally developed software costs during the three months ended September 30, 2015 and $1.2 million of internally developed software costs during the three months ended September 30, 2016 were capitalized, resulting in an increase of the expense by $0.2 million in the 2016 period. 
 General and Administrative Expense 

General and administrative expense decreased by $0.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015. The decrease was primarily due to a $0.2 million decrease in office related expenses to support the administrative team and a $0.1 million decrease in depreciation and amortization. The decrease was offset by an increase of $0.1 million in employee-related costs associated with our increased headcount from 57 employees as of September 30, 2015 to 60 employees as of September 30, 2016.  
 Other Expense, Net 

Other expense, net remained relatively consistent for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 as there were no significant changes to the interest expense related to our line of credit and term loan in the two periods. 
 27 

Comparison of the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
 Revenue 

Revenue increased by $13.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015. The increase was due to a $13.1 million increase in sales of our solutions driven by expansion of our customer base from 2,514 customers as of September 30, 2015 to 3,076 as of September 30, 2016, including increased sales to larger organizations with greater numbers of contacts and locations. 
 Cost of Revenue 

Cost of revenue increased by $3.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015. The increase was primarily due to a $1.4 million increase in depreciation and amortization expense attributable to our acquired intangible assets, a $0.8 million increase in employee-related costs associated with our increased headcount from 89 employees as of September 30, 2015 to 95 employees as of September 30, 2016 and a $0.8 million increase in hosting and messaging costs. 
 Gross margin percentage increased due to an increase in revenue, primarily offset by an increase in amortization of acquired intangible assets and capitalized software, as well as our continued investment in personnel to support our growth. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Sales and Marketing Expense 

Sales and marketing expense increased by $7.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015. The increase was primarily due to a $6.5 million increase in employee-related costs associated with our increased headcount from 134 employees as of September 30, 2015 to 165 employees as of September 30, 2016. The remaining increase was principally the result of a $0.6 million increase in advertising costs and a $0.4 million increase in other external expenses and software costs to support our sales team. 
 Research and Development Expense 

Research and development expense increased by $2.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015. The increase was primarily due to a $2.4 million increase in employee-related costs associated with our increased  
 28 

headcount from 105 employees as of September 30, 2015 to 116 employees a  s of September 30, 2016. The remaining increase was principally the result of a $0.6 million increase in t  hird-  party services, software subscriptions and hosting costs to support research and development activities. A total of $4.3 million of internally de  veloped software costs during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and $3.4 million of internally developed software costs during the three months ended September 30, 2015 were capitalized, resulting in a reduction of the expense by $0.9 million in the   2016 period.  
 General and Administrative Expense 

General and administrative expense increased by $1.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015. The increase was primarily due to a $1.9 million increase in employee-related costs associated with our increased headcount from 57 employees as of September 30, 2015 to 60 employees as of September 30, 2016. The increase in employee-related costs was offset by a decrease of $0.1 million in depreciation and amortization expense. 
 Other Expense, Net 

Other expense, net remained relatively consistent for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 as there were no significant changes to the interest expense related to our term loan and line of credit in the two periods. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 To date, we have financed our operations primarily through cash from operating activities, along with equity issuances and debt financing arrangements.  Our principal source of liquidity is cash totaling $62.3 million as of September 30, 2016, which includes the remaining net proceeds from our initial public offering completed in September 2016. We received net proceeds of $66.1 million, after deducting underwriting discounts and offering expenses paid or payable by us. We believe that our cash balances, our available borrowings under our revolving line of credit and the cash flows generated by our operations will be sufficient to satisfy our anticipated cash needs for working capital and capital expenditures for at least the next 12 months. However, our belief may prove to be incorrect, and we could utilize our available financial resources sooner than we currently expect. Our future capital requirements and the adequacy of available funds will depend on many factors, including those set forth in the section of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q titled  Risk Factors.  We cannot assure you that we will be able to raise additional capital on acceptable terms or at all. In addition, if we fail to meet our operating plan during the next 12 months, our liquidity could be adversely affected. 
 Sources of Funds 
 Initial Public Offering 
 On September 21, 2016, we closed our initial public offering in which we issued and sold 6,250,000 shares of common stock at a public offering price of $12.00 per share for net proceeds of approximately $66.1 million, after deducting underwriting discounts and offering expenses paid or payable by us. 
 Credit Facility 
   In June 2015, we entered into a loan and security agreement with Western Alliance Bank (formerly known as Bridge Bank) to provide a secured revolving line of credit that allows us to borrow up to $10.0 million for working capital and general business requirements. In February 2016, we entered into an amendment of our loan and security agreement with Western Alliance Bank to (1) increase the capacity of our revolving line of credit by $5.0 million to $15.0 million and (2) set the minimum prime rate based on which interest  
 29 

due is calculated at 3.25%. No other cha  nges were made to the loan and security agreement. The loan and security agreement, as amended, allows us to borrow up to $15.0 million for working capital and general business requirements. Amounts outstanding under the line of credit bear interest at the   prime rate plus 0.75% with accrued interest payable on a monthly basis and outstanding and unpaid principal due upon maturity of the credit facility in June 2018. As of September 30, 2016, the total amount available to be borrowed by us was $15.0 million   and we had no outstanding balance on the revolving line of credit.  
 In addition to the revolving line of credit, the loan and security agreement also provided for a $5.0 million growth capital term loan. The term loan bore interest at a floating per annum rate equal to the prime rate plus 1.75%. Interest on the term loan was payable monthly in arrears for the first 12 months. Thereafter, the term loan was payable in thirty-six equal monthly installments of principal, plus all accrued interest, beginning on June 30, 2016. The term loan was subject to prepayment at our option, subject to a prepayment fee equal to 2% of the principal amount being repaid if such prepayment occurs on or prior to the first anniversary of the closing date. The term loan was paid off in full and terminated in September 2016 from the proceeds from our initial public offering and we had no balance outstanding as of September 30, 2016. 
 Western Alliance Bank maintains a security interest in substantially all of our tangible and intangible assets, excluding intellectual property, to secure any outstanding amounts under the loan agreement. The loan agreement contains customary events of default, conditions to borrowing and covenants, including restrictions on our ability to dispose of assets, make acquisitions, incur debt, incur liens and make distributions and dividends to stockholders. The loan agreement also includes a financial covenant related to our recurring revenue renewal rate. During the continuance of an event of default, Western Alliance Bank may accelerate amounts outstanding, terminate the credit facility and foreclose on the collateral. 
 Cash Flows 
 The following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods indicated (in thousands): 

Uses of Funds 
 Our historical uses of cash have primarily consisted of cash used for operating activities, such as expansion of our sales and marketing operations, research and development activities and other working capital needs. 
 Operating Activities 
 Our net loss and cash flows provided by operating activities are significantly influenced by our investments in headcount and infrastructure to support our growth, marketing and sponsorship expenses, and our ability to bill and collect in a timely manner. Our net loss has been significantly greater than our use of cash for operating activities due to the inclusion of non-cash expenses and charges. 
 Operating activities provided $6.5 million in cash in the nine months ended September 30, 2016, primarily from $7.4 million in cash provided by operations as a result of changes in operating assets and liabilities, which was increased by $7.8 million of non-cash operating expenses and partially offset by our net loss of $8.7 million. Specifically, we recognized non-cash charges aggregating $5.7 million for depreciation and amortization of intangible assets, capitalized software development costs and property and equipment and $2.1 million for stock-based compensation, an increase of $0.1 million for our accounts receivable provision and an increase of $0.1 million related to disposal of assets, which was offset by a decrease of $0.2 million in our deferred tax liability balance. The change in operating assets and liabilities reflected a $8.6 million increase in deferred revenue, a $0.3 million increase in accounts payable, a $1.6 million increase in accrued employee related expenses and a $0.3 million increase in accrued expenses. These increases were partially offset by a $0.4 million increase in accounts receivables, a $1.7 million increase in other assets due to timing of payments made for deferred initial public offering costs and commissions and a $1.2 million increase in pre-paid expenses. 
 30 

Operating activities provided $4.1 million in cash in the nine months ended September 30, 2015, primarily from $5.3 million in cash provided as a result of changes in operating assets and liabilities, whi  ch was increased by $5.6 million of non-cash operating expenses and partially offset by our net loss of $6.8 million. Specifically, we recognized non-cash charges aggregating $4.2 million for depreciation and amortization of intangible assets, capitalized   software development costs and property and equipment, $0.9 million for stock-based compensation expense, $0.1 million related to non-cash interest on notes payable and $0.3 million for the increase in our accounts receivable provision. The change in opera  ting assets and liabilities reflected a $7.0 million increase in deferred revenue, a $1.0 million increase in accounts payable due to timing of payments made to vendors and a $0.5 million increase in accrued employee-related expenses due to timing of payme  nts. These increases were partially offset by a $1.1 million increase in accounts receivable, $1.0 million increase in prepaid expenses as a result of the increase in upfront payments made for insurance services, a $0.4 million increase in accrued expenses   due to the timing of payments made and a $0.7 million increase in other assets due to the timing of payments made for future services.  
 Investing Activities 
 Our investing activities consist primarily of capital expenditures for capitalized software development costs and property and equipment expenses. 
 Investing activities used $5.0 million in cash in the nine months ended September 30, 2016, primarily from our investment in software development of $4.3 million and property and equipment of $0.7 million. 
 Investing activities used $6.1 million in cash in the nine months ended September 30, 2015, primarily from our investment in software development of $3.7 million and property and equipment of $2.3 million. 
 Financing Activities 
 Cash generated by financing activities includes proceeds from our initial public offering, borrowings under our term loan and credit facilities and proceeds from the issuance of common stock upon the exercise of employee stock options. Cash used in financing activities includes deferred initial public offering costs and payments on capital leases, notes payable and repayments of debt under our credit facilities. 
 Financing activities provided $52.1 million of cash in the nine months ended September 30, 2016, which reflects proceeds of $69.8 million from our initial public offering, net of underwriter s discount and commissions, $0.7 million from the exercise of stock options and proceeds from our line of credit of $9.5 million. These amounts were offset by payments of $19.5 million on our line of credit, payment of $5.0 million on our term loan, $1.4 million of cost paid in connection with our initial public offering and payment of notes payable related to the Vocal Limited acquisition of $2.0 million. 
 Financing activities provided $2.3 million in cash in the nine months ended September 30, 2015, primarily from proceeds from our term loan of $5.0 million, and proceeds from our line of credit of $5.0 million, partially offset by payment of $5.0 million on our line of credit, $1.1 million of cost paid in connection with our initial public offering, $1.5 million payment to repurchase outstanding shares of our common stock and payment of $0.1 million of capital lease obligations. 
 Critical Accounting Policies 
 Our condensed consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of these condensed consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, expenses and related disclosures. We evaluate our estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis. Our estimates are based on historical experience and various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Our actual results could differ from these estimates. 
 We believe that the assumptions and estimates associated with revenue recognition, deferred revenue, business combinations, goodwill, software development costs and stock-based compensation have the greatest potential impact on our condensed consolidated financial statements. Therefore, we consider these to be our critical accounting policies. 
 There have been no material changes to our critical accounting policies as compared to the critical accounting policies disclosed in the final prospectus for our initial public offering filed with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424(b)(4) on September 16, 2016. 
 31 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements  
 See Note 2 of the notes to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for a summary of recently issued and adopted accounting pronouncements. 
 Contractual Obligations and Commitments 
 As of September 30, 2016, there were no material changes to our contractual obligations and commitments from those disclosed in the final prospectus for our initial public offering filed with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424(b)(4) on September 16, 2016; provided, that we repaid all amounts outstanding pursuant to our revolving line of credit and term loan with a portion of the proceeds from our initial public offering. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 We do not have any relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, including entities sometimes referred to as structured finance or special purpose entities that were established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes. We do not engage in off-balance sheet financing arrangements. In addition, we do not engage in trading activities involving non-exchange traded contracts. 

Item 3.   
 
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.    

 Market risk represents the risk of loss that may impact our financial position due to adverse changes in financial market prices and rates. Our market risk exposure is primarily the result of fluctuations in interest rates and foreign exchange rates as well as, to a lesser extent, inflation.  
 Interest Rate Risk 
 We are exposed to interest rate risk in the ordinary course of our business. Our cash includes cash in readily available checking and money market accounts and marketable securities. These securities are not dependent on interest rate fluctuations that may cause the principal amount of these assets to fluctuate. 
 We had cash of $62.3 million as of September 30, 2016, which consists entirely of bank deposits. To date, fluctuations in interest income have not been significant. We have no outstanding debt subject to interest rate risk as of September 30, 2016. Amounts outstanding under our revolving line of credit carry a variable interest rate of the prime rate, but in no event less than 3.25%, plus 0.75%. As of September 30, 2016, the applicable prime rate was 3.50%. We monitor our cost of borrowing under our revolving line of credit, if any, taking into account our funding requirements, and our expectation for short-term rates in the future. 
 We do not enter into investments for trading or speculative purposes and have not used any derivative financial instruments to manage our interest rate risk exposure. Although our credit facility and term loan have variable interest rates, a hypothetical 10% change in interest rates during any of the periods presented would not have had a material impact on our financial statements. 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Risk 
 We have foreign currency risks related to our revenue and operating expenses denominated in currencies other than our functional currency, the U.S. dollar, principally British pounds. Movements in foreign currencies in which we transact business could significantly affect future net earnings. We do not currently engage in any hedging activity to reduce our potential exposure to currency fluctuations, although we may choose to do so in the future. A hypothetical 10% change in foreign exchange rates during any of the periods presented would not have had a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. As our international operations grow, we will continue to reassess our approach to manage our risk relating to fluctuations in foreign currency rate. 
 Inflation Risk 
 We do not believe that inflation has had a material effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. If our costs were to become subject to significant inflationary pressures, we may not be able to fully offset such higher costs through price increases. Our inability or failure to do so could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

32 

Item 4.   
 
          Controls   and Procedures.     

 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain  disclosure controls and procedures,  as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Our management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Based on such evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at a reasonable. 
 Changes in Internal Control 
 There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting during the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls 
 Our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 

33 

PART II OTHER   INFORMATION  

Item 1.   
 
     Legal Proceedings.    

 From time to time we may become involved in legal proceedings or be subject to claims arising in the ordinary course of our business. We are not presently a party to any legal proceedings that, if determined adversely to us, would individually or taken together have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, financial condition or cash flows. Regardless of the outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources and other factors. 

Item 1A.   
 
     Risk Factors.    

 Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties including those described below. You should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties described below, in addition to other information contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q as well as our other public filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC, including our final prospectus filed with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424(b)(4) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, on September 16, 2016. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of, or that we currently believe are not material, may also become important factors that adversely affect our business. If any of the following risks or others not specified below are realized, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. In that event, the price of our common stock could decline. 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Our Industry 
 If our business does not grow as we expect, or if we fail to manage our growth effectively, our operating results and business prospects would suffer. 
 We increased our number of full-time employees from 189 to 303 to 418 as of December 31, 2013, 2014 and 2015, respectively, and to 436 as of September 30, 2016. From September 30, 2015 to September 30, 2016, we increased the headcount of our sales organization by 23%, and our revenue increased by $13.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015, due in part to the increase in our customer base. 
 However, our business may not continue to grow as quickly or at all in the future, which would adversely affect our revenue and business prospects. Our business growth depends on a number of factors including: 

our ability to execute upon our business plan effectively;     

our ability to accelerate our acquisition of new customers;     

our ability to further sell to our existing customers new applications and features and to additional departments in their organizations;     

our ability to develop new applications to target new markets and use cases;     

our ability to expand our international footprint;     

the growth of the market in which we operate;     

our ability to maintain our technology leadership position; and     

our ability to acquire complementary business, technologies and teams we need.     

 Further, our growth has placed, and will continue to place, a strain on our managerial, operational, financial and other resources, and our future operating results depend to a large extent on our ability to successfully manage our anticipated expansion and growth. To manage our growth successfully and handle the responsibilities of being a public company, we believe we must effectively, among other things: 

increase our customer base and upsell and cross-sell additional and new applications to our existing customers;     

invest in sales and marketing and expand our channel partner relationships;     

develop new applications that target new markets and use cases;     

expand our international operations; and     

improve our platform and applications, financial and operational systems, procedures and controls.     

 34 

We   intend to continue our investment in sales and marketing, platform and applications, research and development, and general and administrative functions and other areas to grow our business. We are likely to recognize the costs associated with these invest  ments earlier than some of the anticipated benefits and the return on these investments may be lower, or may develop more slowly, than we expect, which could adversely affect our operating results.  
 If we are unable to manage our growth effectively in a manner that preserves the key aspects of our corporate culture, we may not be able to take advantage of market opportunities or develop new applications or upgrades to our existing applications and we may fail to satisfy customer requirements, maintain the quality and security of our applications, execute on our business plan or respond to competitive pressures, which could result in our financial results suffering and a decline in our stock price. 
 We have not been profitable on a consistent basis historically and may not achieve or maintain profitability in the future. 
 We have posted a net loss in each year since inception, including net losses of $0.9 million, $0.6 million, $10.8 million and $8.7 million in the years ended December 31, 2013, 2014, 2015 and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively. As of September 30, 2016, we had an accumulated deficit of $87.0 million. While we have experienced significant revenue growth in recent periods and profitability solely in the quarters ended March 31, 2014, June 30, 2014 and September 30, 2014, we are not certain whether or when we will obtain a high enough volume of sales of our applications to sustain or increase our growth or achieve or maintain profitability in the future. We also expect our costs to increase in future periods, which could negatively affect our future operating results if our revenue does not increase. In particular, we expect to continue to expend substantial financial and other resources on: 

sales and marketing, including a significant expansion of our sales organization, both domestically and internationally;     

research and development related to our platform and applications, including investments in our research and development team;     

continued international expansion of our business; and     

general administration expenses, including legal and accounting expenses related to being a public company.     

 These investments may not result in increased revenue or growth in our business. If we are unable to increase our revenue at a rate sufficient to offset the expected increase in our costs, our business, financial position and results of operations will be harmed, and we may not be able to achieve or maintain profitability over the long term. Additionally, we may encounter unforeseen operating expenses, difficulties, complications, delays and other unknown factors that may result in losses in future periods. If our revenue growth does not meet our expectations in future periods, our financial performance may be harmed, and we may not achieve or maintain profitability in the future. 
 To date, we have derived substantially all of our revenue from the sale of our Mass Notification application. If we are unable to renew or increase sales of this application, or if we are unable to increase sales of our other applications, our business and operating results could be adversely affected. 
 While we have recently introduced five new critical communications applications, one of which was introduced in the middle of 2014, three of which were introduced in 2015 and one of which was introduced in 2016, we derived 95%, 96%, 91%, 87% and 91% of our revenue from sales of our Mass Notification application in 2013, 2014, 2015 and the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and expect to continue to derive a substantial portion of our revenue from sales of this application in the near term. As a result, our operating results could suffer due to: 

any decline in demand for our Mass Notification application;     

pricing or other competitive pressures from competing products;     

the introduction of applications and technologies that serve as a replacement or substitute for, or represent an improvement over, our Mass Notification application;     

technological innovations or new standards that our Mass Notification application do not address; and     

sensitivity to current or future prices offered by us or competing solutions.     

 Because of our reliance on our Mass Notification application, our inability to renew or increase sales of this application or a decline in prices of this application would harm our business and operating results more seriously than if we derived significant revenue from a variety of applications. Any factor adversely affecting sales of our historical or new applications, including release cycles, market acceptance, competition, performance and reliability, reputation and economic and market conditions, could adversely affect our business and operating results. 
 35 

If we are unable to develop upgrades to our platform, develop new applications, sell our pl  atform and applications into new markets or further penetrate our existing market, our revenue may not grow.  
 Our ability to increase sales will depend in large part on our ability to enhance and improve our platform and applications, introduce new applications in a timely manner, develop new use cases for our platform and further penetrate our existing market. The success of any enhancement to our platform or new applications depends on several factors, including the timely completion, introduction and market acceptance of enhanced or new applications, the ability to maintain and develop relationships with channel partners and communications carriers, the ability to attract, retain and effectively train sales and marketing personnel and the effectiveness of our marketing programs. Any new application that we develop or acquire may not be introduced in a timely or cost-effective manner, and may not achieve the broad market acceptance necessary to generate significant revenue. Any new markets into which we attempt to sell our applications, including new vertical markets and new countries or regions, may not be receptive. Our ability to further penetrate our existing markets depends on the quality of our platform and applications and our ability to design our platform and applications to meet consumer demand. Any failure to enhance or improve our platform and applications as well as introduce new applications may adversely affect our revenue growth and operating results. 
 If we are unable to attract new customers or sell additional applications to our existing customers, our revenue and revenue growth will be harmed. 
 A part of our growth strategy is to add new customers and sell additional applications to our existing customers. Our ability to maintain existing customers, sell them new applications and to add new customers will depend in significant part on our ability to anticipate industry evolution, practices and standards and to continue to introduce and enhance the applications we offer on a timely basis to keep pace with technological developments. However, we may prove unsuccessful in developing new applications and improving existing applications. In addition, the success of any new application depends on several factors, including the timely completion, introduction and market acceptance of the application. Any new applications we develop or acquire might not be introduced in a timely or cost-effective manner and might not achieve the broad market acceptance necessary to generate significant revenue. If any of our competitors implements new technologies before we are able to implement them or better anticipates market opportunities, those competitors may be able to provide more effective or cheaper products than ours. As a result, we may be unable to renew our agreements with existing customers, attract new customers or grow or maintain our business from existing customers, which could harm our revenue and growth. 
 Failure to effectively develop and expand our sales and marketing capabilities could harm our ability to increase our customer base and achieve broader market acceptance of our platform and applications. 
 To increase total customers and achieve broader market acceptance of our platform and applications, we will need to expand our sales and marketing organization, including the vertical and geographic distribution of our salesforce and our teams of account executives focused on new accounts, account managers responsible for renewal and growth of existing accounts, and business development representatives targeting new and growth business opportunity creation. We will continue to dedicate significant resources to our global sales and marketing organizations. The effectiveness of our sales and marketing teams has varied over time and may vary in the future, and depends in part on our ability to maintain and improve our platform and applications. All of these efforts will require us to invest significant financial and other resources and we are unlikely to see the benefits, if any, of these increases until future periods after incurring these expenses. Our business will be seriously harmed if our efforts do not generate a correspondingly significant increase in revenue. We may not achieve revenue growth from expanding our salesforce if we are unable to hire, develop and retain talented sales personnel, if our new sales personnel are unable to achieve desired productivity levels in a reasonable period of time or if our sales and marketing programs are not effective. 
 The nature of our business exposes us to inherent liability risks. 
 Our applications, including our Mass Notification, Incident Management, IT Alerting, Safety Connection, Community Engagement, Secure Messaging and Internet of Things applications, are designed to communicate life-saving or damage-mitigating information to the right people, on the right device, in the right location, at the right time during public safety threats and critical business events. Due to the nature of such applications, we are potentially exposed to greater risks of liability for employee acts or omissions or system failures than may be inherent in other businesses. Although substantially all of our customer agreements contain provisions limiting our liability to our customers, we cannot assure you that these limitations will be enforced or the costs of any litigation related to actual or alleged omissions or failures would have a material adverse effect on us even if we prevail. Further, certain of our insurance policies and the laws of some states may limit or prohibit insurance coverage for punitive or certain other types of damages or liability arising from gross negligence and we cannot assure you that we are adequately insured against the risks that we face. 
 36 

Because we generally recognize revenue ratably over the term of our   contract with a customer, downturns or upturns in sales will not be fully reflected in our operating results until future periods.  
 Our revenue is primarily generated from subscriptions to our critical communications applications. Our customers do not have the right to take possession of our software platform and applications. Revenue from subscriptions, including additional fees for items such as incremental usage, is recognized ratably over the subscription period beginning on the date that the subscription is made available to the customer. Our agreements with our customers typically range from one to three years. As a result, much of the revenue that we report in each quarter is attributable to agreements entered into during previous quarters. Consequently, a decline in sales, customer renewals or market acceptance of our applications in any one quarter would not necessarily be fully reflected in the revenue in that quarter, and would negatively affect our revenue and profitability in future quarters. This ratable revenue recognition also makes it difficult for us to rapidly increase our revenue through additional sales in any period, as revenue from new customers generally is recognized over the applicable agreement term. 
 We operate in an emerging and evolving market, which may develop more slowly or differently than we expect. If our market does not grow as we expect, or if we cannot expand our platform and applications to meet the demands of this market, our revenue may decline, fail to grow or fail to grow at an accelerated rate, and we may incur operating losses. 
 The market for targeted and contextually relevant critical communications is in an early stage of development, and it is uncertain whether this market will develop, and even if it does develop, how rapidly or how consistently it will develop or whether our platform and applications will be accepted into the markets in which we operate and plan to operate. Our success will depend, to a substantial extent, on the widespread adoption of our platform and applications as an alternative to historical mass notification systems. Some organizations may be reluctant or unwilling to use our platform and applications for a number of reasons, including concerns about additional costs, uncertainty regarding the reliability and security of cloud-based offerings or lack of awareness of the benefits of our platform and applications. Many organizations have invested substantial personnel and financial resources to integrate traditional on-premise applications into their businesses, and therefore may be reluctant or unwilling to migrate to cloud-based applications. Our ability to expand sales of our platform and applications into new markets depends on several factors, including the awareness of our platform and applications; the timely completion, introduction and market acceptance of enhancements to our platform and applications or new applications that we may introduce; our ability to attract, retain and effectively train sales and marketing personnel; our ability to develop relationships with channel partners and communication carriers; the effectiveness of our marketing programs; the costs of our platform and applications; and the success of our competitors. If we are unsuccessful in developing and marketing our platform and applications into new markets, or if organizations do not perceive or value the benefits of our platform and applications, the market for our platform and applications might not continue to develop or might develop more slowly than we expect, either of which would harm our revenue and growth prospects. 
 Our estimates of market opportunity and forecasts of market growth may prove to be inaccurate, and even if the market in which we compete achieves the forecasted growth, our business could fail to grow at similar rates, if at all. 
 Market opportunity estimates and growth forecasts are subject to significant uncertainty and are based on assumptions and estimates that may not prove to be accurate. Our estimates and forecasts relating to the size and expected growth of our addressable market may prove to be inaccurate. Even if the market in which we compete meets our size estimates and forecasted growth, our business could fail to grow at similar rates, if at all. 
 The markets in which we participate are competitive, and if we do not compete effectively, our operating results could be harmed. 
 The market for critical communications solutions is highly fragmented, competitive and constantly evolving. With the introduction of new technologies and market entrants, we expect that the competitive environment in which we compete will remain intense going forward. Some of our competitors have made or may make acquisitions or may enter into partnerships or other strategic relationships to provide a more comprehensive offering than they individually had offered or achieve greater economies of scale. In addition, new entrants not currently considered to be competitors may enter the market through acquisitions, partnerships or strategic relationships. We compete on the basis of a number of factors, including: 

application functionality, including local and multi-modal delivery in international markets;     

breadth of offerings;     

performance, security, scalability and reliability;     

compliance with local regulations and multi-language support;     

brand recognition, reputation and customer satisfaction;     

 37 

ease of application implementation, use and maintenance; and     

total cost of ownership.     

 We face competition from in-house solutions, large integrated systems vendors and established and emerging cloud and SaaS and other software providers. Our competitors vary in size and in the breadth and scope of the products and services offered. Many of our competitors and potential competitors have greater name recognition, longer operating histories, more established customer relationships, larger marketing budgets and greater resources than we do. While some of our competitors provide a platform with applications to support one or more use cases, many others provide point-solutions that address a single use case. Further, other potential competitors not currently offering competitive applications may expand their offerings to compete with our solutions. Our competitors may be able to respond more quickly and effectively than we can to new or changing opportunities, technologies, standards and customer requirements. An existing competitor or new entrant could introduce new technology that reduces demand for our solutions. In addition to application and technology competition, we face pricing competition. Some of our competitors offer their applications or services at a lower price, which has resulted in pricing pressures. Some of our larger competitors have the operating flexibility to bundle competing applications and services with other offerings, including offering them at a lower price as part of a larger sale. For all of these reasons, we may not be able to compete successfully and competition could result in reduced sales, reduced margins, losses or the failure of our applications to achieve or maintain market acceptance, any of which could harm our business. 
 We may not be able to scale our business quickly enough to meet our customers  growing needs and if we are not able to grow efficiently, our operating results could be harmed. 
 As usage of our platform and applications grows, we will need to continue making significant investments to develop and implement new applications, technologies, security features and cloud-based infrastructure operations. In addition, we will need to appropriately scale our internal business systems and our services organization, including customer support and professional services, to serve our growing customer base, particularly as our customer demographics change over time. Any failure of, or delay in, these efforts could impair the performance of our platform and applications and reduce customer satisfaction. Even if we are able to upgrade our systems and expand our staff, any such expansion may be expensive and complex, requiring management s time and attention. To the extent that we do not effectively scale our platform and operations to meet the growing needs of our customers, we may not be able to grow as quickly as we anticipate, our customers may reduce or cancel use of our applications and professional services, we may be unable to compete effectively and our business and operating results may be harmed. 
 Our quarterly results of operations may fluctuate, and if we fail to meet or exceed the expectations of investors or securities analysts, our stock price could decline. 
 Our quarterly revenue and results of operations have historically varied from period to period, and we expect that they will continue to do so as a result of a variety of factors, including many that are outside of our control. Our future revenue is difficult to predict. Our expense levels are relatively fixed in the short term and are based, in part, on our expectations as to future revenue. If revenue levels are below our expectations, we may incur higher losses and may never attain or maintain consistent profitability. Our operating results may be disproportionately affected by a reduction in revenue because a proportionately smaller amount of our expenses varies with our revenues. If our quarterly revenue or results of operations fall below the expectations of investors or securities analysts, the price of our common stock could decline substantially. Fluctuations in our results of operations may be due to a number of factors, including: 

fluctuations in demand for our platform and applications;     

changes in our business or pricing policies in response to competitive pricing actions or otherwise;     

the timing and success of introductions of new applications or upgrades to our platform;     

the impact of acquisition transaction-related amortization expenses and other certain expenses on our gross profit;     

competition, including entry into the industry by new competitors and new offerings by existing competitors;     

changes in the business or pricing policies of our competitors;     

the amount and timing of expenditures, including those related to expanding our operations, increasing research and development, enhancing our platform, introducing new applications or growing our sales and marketing teams;     

our ability to effectively manage growth within existing and new markets, both domestically and internationally;     

changes in the payment terms for our applications;     

our ability to successfully manage any future acquisitions of businesses or technologies;     

 38 

the strength of regional, national and global economies; and     

the impact of natural disasters or man-made problems such as cyber incidents and terrorism.     

 Due to the foregoing factors and the other risks discussed in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, you should not rely on quarter-to-quarter comparisons of our results of operations as an indication of our future performance nor should you consider our recent revenue growth or results in any single period to be indicative of our future performance. 
 Interruptions or delays in service from our third-party data center providers could impair our ability to make our platform and applications available to our customers, resulting in customer dissatisfaction, damage to our reputation, loss of customers, limited growth and reduction in revenue. 
 We currently serve part of our platform functions from third-party data center hosting facilities operated by Century Link and located in the Los Angeles, California and Denver, Colorado areas. In addition, we serve ancillary functions for our customers from third-party data center hosting facilities operated by Interoute located in the United Kingdom, Germany and the Netherlands, and by Elastichost in Toronto, Canada. We also rely on Amazon Web Services located in California and Virginia to host certain of our platform functions and applications. Our operations depend, in part, on our third-party facility providers  abilities to protect these facilities against damage or interruption from natural disasters, power or telecommunications failures, cyber incidents, criminal acts and similar events. In the event that any of our third-party facilities arrangements are terminated, or if there is a lapse of service or damage to a facility, we could experience interruptions in our platform as well as delays and additional expenses in arranging new facilities and services. Any changes in third-party service levels at our data centers or any errors, defects, disruptions, cyber incidents or other performance problems with our solutions could harm our reputation. 
 Any damage to, or failure of, the systems of our third-party providers could result in interruptions to our platform. Despite precautions taken at our data centers, the occurrence of spikes in usage volume, natural disasters, cyber incidents, acts of terrorism, vandalism or sabotage, closure of a facility without adequate notice or other unanticipated problems could result in lengthy interruptions in the availability of our platform and applications. Problems faced by our third-party data center locations, with the telecommunications network providers with whom they contract, or with the systems by which our telecommunications providers allocate capacity among their customers, including us, could adversely affect the experience of our customers. Because of the nature of the services that we provide to our customers during public safety threats and critical business events, any such interruption may arise when our customers are most reliant on our applications, thereby compounding the impact of any interruption on our business. Interruptions in our services might reduce our revenue, cause us to issue refunds to customers and subject us to potential liability. 
 Further, our insurance policies may not adequately compensate us for any losses that we may incur in the event of damage or interruption. Although we benefit from liability protection under the Support Anti-Terrorism by Fostering Effective Technology Act of 2002, the occurrence of any of the foregoing could reduce our revenue, subject us to liability, cause us to issue credits to customers or cause customers not to renew their subscriptions for our applications, any of which could materially adversely affect our business. 
 Failures or reduced accessibility of third-party software on which we rely could impair the availability of our platform and applications and adversely affect our business. 
 We license software from third parties for integration into our platform and applications, including open source software. These licenses might not continue to be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. While we are not substantially dependent upon any third-party software, the loss of the right to use all or a significant portion of our third-party software required for the development, maintenance and delivery of our applications could result in delays in the provision of our applications until we develop or identify, obtain and integrate equivalent technology, which could harm our business. 
 Any errors or defects in the hardware or software we use could result in errors, interruptions, cyber incidents or a failure of our applications. Any significant interruption in the availability of all or a significant portion of such software could have an adverse impact on our business unless and until we can replace the functionality provided by these applications at a similar cost. Furthermore, this software may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. The loss of the right to use all or a significant portion of this software could limit access to our platform and applications. Additionally, we rely upon third parties  abilities to enhance their current applications, develop new applications on a timely and cost-effective basis and respond to emerging industry standards and other technological changes. We may be unable to effect changes to such third-party technologies, which may prevent us from rapidly responding to evolving customer requirements. We also may be unable to replace the functionality provided by the third-party software currently offered in conjunction with our applications in the event that such software becomes obsolete or incompatible with future versions of our platform and applications or is otherwise not adequately maintained or updated. 
 39 

If we do not or cannot maintain the compatibility of our platform with third-party appli  cations that our customers use in their businesses, our revenue will decline.  
 As a significant percentage of our customers choose to integrate our solutions with certain capabilities provided by third-party providers, the functionality and popularity of our solutions depend, in part, on our ability to integrate our platform and applications with certain third-party systems. Third-party providers may change the features of their technologies, restrict our access to their applications or alter the terms governing use of their applications in an adverse manner. Such changes could functionally limit or terminate our ability to use these third-party technologies in conjunction with our platform and applications, which could negatively impact our solutions and harm our business. If we fail to integrate our solutions with new third-party applications that our customers use, we may not be able to offer the functionality that our customers need, which would negatively impact our ability to generate revenue and adversely impact our business. 
 Changes in the mix of sizes or types of businesses or government agencies that purchase our platform and applications purchased or used by our customers could affect our operating results. 
 We have sold and will continue to sell to enterprises of all sizes, municipal and regional governmental agencies, non-profit organizations, educational institutions and healthcare organizations. Sales to larger organizations may entail longer sales cycles and more significant selling efforts. Selling to small businesses may involve greater credit risk and uncertainty. Changes in the sizes or types of businesses that purchase our applications could cause our operating results to be adversely affected. 
 If our customers  or our third-party providers  security measures are compromised or unauthorized access to the data of our customers or their employees, customers or constituents is otherwise obtained, our platform may be perceived as not being secure, our customers may be harmed and may curtail or cease their use of our applications, our reputation may be damaged and we may incur significant liabilities. 
 Our operations involve the storage and transmission of data of our customers and their employees, customers and constituents, including personally identifiable information such as contact information and physical location. Security incidents, whether as a result of third-party action, employee or customer error, technology impairment or failure, malfeasance or criminal activity, could result in unauthorized access to, or loss or unauthorized disclosure of, this information, litigation, indemnity obligations and other possible liabilities, as well as negative publicity, which could damage our reputation, impair our sales and harm our customers and our business. Cyber incidents and malicious internet-based activity continue to increase generally, and providers of cloud-based services have been targeted. If third parties with whom we work, such as vendors or developers, violate applicable laws or our security policies, such violations may also put our customers  information at risk and could in turn have an adverse effect on our business. We may be unable to anticipate or prevent techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or to sabotage systems because they change frequently and often are not detected until after an incident has occurred. As we increase our customer base and our brand becomes more widely known and recognized, third parties may increasingly seek to compromise our security controls or gain unauthorized access to our sensitive corporate information or customers  data. Further, because of the nature of the services that we provide to our customers during public safety threats and critical business events, we may be a unique target for attacks. 
 Many governments have enacted laws requiring companies to notify individuals of data security incidents or unauthorized transfers involving certain types of personal data. In addition, some of our customers contractually require notification of any data security incident. Accordingly, security incidents experienced by our competitors, by our customers or by us may lead to public disclosures, which may lead to widespread negative publicity. Any security compromise in our industry, whether actual or perceived, could harm our reputation, erode customer confidence in the effectiveness of our security measures, negatively impact our ability to attract new customers, cause existing customers to elect not to renew their subscriptions or subject us to third-party lawsuits, regulatory fines or other action or liability, which could materially and adversely affect our business and operating results. Further, the costs of compliance with notification laws and contractual obligations may be significant and any requirement that we provide such notifications as a result of an actual or alleged compromise could have a material and adverse effect on our business. 
 While we maintain general liability insurance coverage and coverage for errors or omissions, we cannot assure you that such coverage would be adequate or would otherwise protect us from liabilities or damages with respect to claims alleging compromises of personal data or that such coverage will continue to be available on acceptable terms or at all. 
 If our applications fail to function in a manner that allows our customers to operate in compliance with regulations and/or industry standards, our revenue and operating results could be harmed. 
   Certain of our customers require applications that ensure secure communications given the nature of the content being distributed and associated applicable regulatory requirements. In particular, our healthcare customers rely on our applications to communicate in a manner that is designed to comply with the requirements of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, the 2009  
 40 

Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act, the Final Omnibus Rule of January 25, 2013, which are collectively referred to as HIPAA, and which impose privacy and data s  ecurity standards that protect individually identifiable health information by limiting the uses and disclosures of individually identifiable health information and requiring that certain data security standards be implemented to protect this information.   As a  business associate  to  covered entities  that are subject to HIPAA, we also have our own compliance obligations directly under HIPAA and pursuant to the business associate agreements that we are required to enter into with our customers that are HIP  AA-covered entities.  
 Governments and industry organizations may also adopt new laws, regulations or requirements, or make changes to existing laws or regulations, that could impact the demand for, or value of, our applications. If we are unable to adapt our applications to changing legal and regulatory standards or other requirements in a timely manner, or if our applications fail to allow our customers to communicate in compliance with applicable laws and regulations, our customers may lose confidence in our applications and could switch to products offered by our competitors, or threaten or bring legal actions against us. 
 In addition, governmental and other customers may require our applications to comply with certain privacy, security or other certifications and standards. For instance, with regard to transfers of personal data, the EU-US Safe Harbor program, which provided a valid legal basis for transfers of personal data from Europe to the United States, was invalidated in October 2015, which has a significant impact on the transfer of data from the European Union to U.S. companies, including us. While we have other legally recognized mechanisms in place that we believe allow for the lawful transfer of EU customer and employee information to the United States, it is possible that these mechanisms may also be challenged or evolve to include new legal requirements that could have an impact on how we move this data. Recently, the United States and the European Union agreed in principle upon a new framework called the Privacy Shield as a potential replacement for the EU-US Safe Harbor, but it has not yet been finalized, published or interpreted. The Privacy Shield may add significant requirements that could impact our business and result in substantial expense, and changes to our operations, to implement, and it is unclear that it will be appropriate for us. If our applications are late in achieving or fail to achieve or maintain compliance with these certifications and standards, or our competitors achieve compliance with these certifications and standards, we may be disqualified from selling our applications to such customers, or may otherwise be at a competitive disadvantage, either of which would harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. If our policies and practices are, or are perceived to be, insufficient or if our customers have concerns regarding the transfer of data from the European Union to the United States, we could be subject to enforcement actions or investigations by EU Data Protection Authorities or lawsuits by private parties, and our business could be negatively impacted. 
 If we fail to offer high-quality customer support, our business and reputation may suffer. 
 We offer our customers implementation services and 24/7 support through our customer support centers as well as education, professional development and certification through Everbridge University as well as a range of consulting services. Consulting service offerings include onsite implementation packages, Certified Emergency Management professional operational reviews, dedicated client care representatives, custom web-based training, and development of client-specific communications materials to increase internal awareness of system value. 
 Providing this education, training and support requires that our personnel who manage our training resources or provide customer support have specific experience, knowledge and expertise, making it more difficult for us to hire qualified personnel and to scale up our support operations. The importance of high-quality customer support will increase as we expand our business and pursue new customers and larger organizations. We may be unable to respond quickly enough to accommodate short-term increases in customer demand for support services or scale our services if our business grows. We also may be unable to modify the format of our support services or change our pricing to compete with changes in support services provided by our competitors. Increased customer demand for these services, without corresponding revenue, could increase our costs and harm our operating results. If we do not help our customers use applications within our platform and provide effective ongoing support, our ability to sell additional applications to, or to retain, existing customers may suffer and our reputation with existing or potential customers may be harmed. 
 Our strategy includes pursuing acquisitions, and our potential inability to successfully integrate newly-acquired technologies, assets or businesses may harm our financial results. Future acquisitions of technologies, assets or businesses, which are paid for partially or entirely through the issuance of stock or stock rights, could dilute the ownership of our existing stockholders. 
 We may evaluate and consider potential strategic transactions, including acquisitions of, or investments in, businesses, technologies, services, products and other assets in the future. We also may enter into relationships with other businesses to expand our platform and applications, which could involve preferred or exclusive licenses, additional channels of distribution, discount pricing or investments in other companies. 
 41 

We have acquired businesses and technology in the past. For example, we acquired Vocal Limited in Marc  h 2014, the assets of Nixle, LLC in December 2014 and technology from Tapestry Telemed LLC in December 2014. We believe that part of our continued growth will be driven by acquisitions of other companies or their technologies, assets, businesses and teams.   Any acquisitions we complete will give rise to risks, including:  

incurring higher than anticipated capital expenditures and operating expenses;     

failing to assimilate the operations and personnel or failing to retain the key personnel of the acquired company or business;     

failing to integrate the acquired technologies, or incurring significant expense to integrate acquired technologies, into our platform and applications;     

disrupting our ongoing business;     

diverting our management s attention and other company resources;     

failing to maintain uniform standards, controls and policies;     

incurring significant accounting charges;     

impairing relationships with our customers and employees;     

finding that the acquired technology, asset or business does not further our business strategy, that we overpaid for the technology, asset or business or that we may be required to write off acquired assets or investments partially or entirely;     

failing to realize the expected synergies of the transaction;     

being exposed to unforeseen liabilities and contingencies that were not identified prior to acquiring the company; and     

being unable to generate sufficient revenue and profits from acquisitions to offset the associated acquisition costs.     

 Fully integrating an acquired technology, asset or business into our operations may take a significant amount of time. We may not be successful in overcoming these risks or any other problems encountered with acquisitions. To the extent that we do not successfully avoid or overcome the risks or problems related to any such acquisitions, our results of operations and financial condition could be harmed. Acquisitions also could impact our financial position and capital requirements, or could cause fluctuations in our quarterly and annual results of operations. Acquisitions could include significant goodwill and intangible assets, which may result in future impairment charges that would reduce our stated earnings. We may incur significant costs in our efforts to engage in strategic transactions and these expenditures may not result in successful acquisitions. 
 We expect that the consideration we might pay for any future acquisitions of technologies, assets, businesses or teams could include stock, rights to purchase stock, cash or some combination of the foregoing. If we issue stock or rights to purchase stock in connection with future acquisitions, net income per share and then-existing holders of our common stock may experience dilution. 
 We rely on the performance of our senior management and highly skilled personnel, and if we are unable to attract, retain and motivate well-qualified employees, our business and results of operations could be harmed. 
 We believe our success has depended, and continues to depend, on the efforts and talents of senior management and key personnel, including Jaime Ellertson, our President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of our board of directors, Kenneth S. Goldman, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, and Imad Mouline, our Senior Vice President and Chief Technology Officer. Our future success depends on our continuing ability to attract, develop, motivate and retain highly qualified and skilled employees. Qualified individuals are in high demand, and we may incur significant costs to attract them. In addition, the loss of any of our senior management or key personnel could interrupt our ability to execute our business plan, as such individuals may be difficult to replace. If we do not succeed in attracting well- qualified employees or retaining and motivating existing employees, our business and results of operations could be harmed. 
 Uncertain or weakened global economic conditions may adversely affect our industry, business and results of operations. 
   Our overall performance depends on domestic and worldwide economic conditions, which may remain challenging for the foreseeable future. Financial developments seemingly unrelated to us or to our industry may adversely affect us and our planned international expansion. The U.S. economy and other key international economies have been impacted by threatened sovereign defaults and ratings downgrades, falling demand for a variety of goods and services, restricted credit, threats to major multinational companies, poor liquidity, reduced corporate profitability, volatility in credit, equity and foreign exchange markets, bankruptcies and overall uncertainty. These conditions affect the rate of information technology spending and could adversely affect our customers  ability or  
 42 

willingness to purchase our applications and   services, delay prospective customers  purchasing decisions, reduce the value or duration of their subscriptions or affect renewal rates, any of which could adversely affect our operating results. We cannot predict the timing, strength or duration of the e  conomic recovery or any subsequent economic slowdown worldwide, in the United States, or in our industry.  
 Any future litigation against us could be costly and time-consuming to defend. 
 We have in the past and may in the future become subject, from time to time, to legal proceedings and claims that arise in the ordinary course of business such as claims brought by our customers in connection with commercial disputes or employment claims made by our current or former employees. Litigation might result in substantial costs and may divert management s attention and resources, which might seriously harm our business, overall financial condition and operating results. Insurance might not cover such claims, might not provide sufficient payments to cover all the costs to resolve one or more such claims and might not continue to be available on terms acceptable to us. A claim brought against us that is uninsured or underinsured could result in unanticipated costs, thereby reducing our operating results and leading analysts or potential investors to reduce their expectations of our performance, which could reduce the trading price of our stock. 
 Because our long-term growth strategy involves further expansion of our sales to customers outside the United States, our business will be susceptible to risks associated with international operations. 
 A component of our growth strategy involves the further expansion of our operations and customer base internationally. We opened our first international office in Beijing, China in April 2012 and subsequently opened an office in Windsor, United Kingdom in September 2012 as part of our geographic expansion. In March 2014, we acquired Vocal Limited, a mass notification company based in Colchester, United Kingdom. For each of the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2015, approximately 14% of our revenue was derived from customers located outside of the United States. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, approximately 11% of our revenue was derived from customers located outside of the United States. We intend to further expand our local presence in regions such as Europe, the Middle East and Asia. Our current international operations and future initiatives will involve a variety of risks, including: 

currency exchange rate fluctuations and the resulting effect on our revenue and expenses, and the cost and risk of entering into hedging transactions if we chose to do so in the future;     

economic or political instability in foreign markets;     

greater difficulty in enforcing contracts, accounts receivable collection and longer collection periods;     

more stringent regulations relating to technology, including with respect to privacy, data security and the unauthorized use of, access to, or deletion of commercial and personal information, particularly in the European Union;     

difficulties in maintaining our company culture with a dispersed and distant workforce;     

unexpected changes in regulatory requirements, taxes or trade laws;     

differing labor regulations, especially in the European Union, where labor laws are generally more advantageous to employees as compared to the United States, including deemed hourly wage and overtime regulations in these locations;     

challenges inherent in efficiently managing an increased number of employees over large geographic distances, including the need to implement appropriate systems, policies, benefits and compliance programs;     

difficulties in managing a business in new markets with diverse cultures, languages, customs, legal systems, alternative dispute systems and regulatory systems;     

limitations on our ability to reinvest earnings from operations in one country to fund the capital needs of our operations in other countries;     

limited or insufficient intellectual property protection;     

political instability or terrorist activities;     

likelihood of potential or actual violations of domestic and international anticorruption laws, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the U.K. Bribery Act, or of U.S. and international export control and sanctions regulations, which likelihood may increase with an increase of sales or operations in foreign jurisdictions and operations in certain industries; and     

adverse tax burdens and foreign exchange controls that could make it difficult to repatriate earnings and cash.     

 43 

Our   limited experience in operating our business internationally increases the risk that any potential future expansion efforts that we may undertake will not be successful. If we invest substantial time and resources to expand our international operations and   are unable to do so successfully and in a timely manner, our business and operating results will suffer. We continue to implement policies and procedures to facilitate our compliance with U.S. laws and regulations applicable to or arising from our interna  tional business. Inadequacies in our past or current compliance practices may increase the risk of inadvertent violations of such laws and regulations, which could lead to financial and other penalties that could damage our reputation and impose costs on u  s.  
 If we cannot maintain our company culture as we grow, our success and our business may be harmed. 
 We believe our culture has been a key contributor to our success to-date and that the critical nature of the solutions that we provide promotes a sense of greater purpose and fulfillment in our employees. We have invested in building a strong corporate culture and believe it is one of our most important and sustainable sources of competitive advantage. Any failure to preserve our culture could negatively affect our ability to retain and recruit personnel and to effectively focus on and pursue our corporate objectives. As we grow and develop the infrastructure of a public company, we may find it difficult to maintain these important aspects of our company culture. If we fail to maintain our company culture, our business may be adversely impacted. 
 We may be subject to additional obligations to collect and remit sales tax and other taxes, and we may be subject to tax liability for past sales, which could harm our business. 
 State, local and foreign jurisdictions have differing rules and regulations governing sales, use, value added and other taxes, and these rules and regulations are subject to varying interpretations that may change over time. Further, these jurisdictions  rules regarding tax nexus are complex and vary significantly. If one or more jurisdictions were to assert that we have failed to collect taxes for sales of applications that leverage our platform, we could face the possibility of tax assessments and audits. A successful assertion that we should be collecting additional sales, use, value added or other taxes in those jurisdictions where we have not historically done so and do not accrue for such taxes could result in substantial tax liabilities and related penalties for past sales or otherwise harm our business and operating results. 
 We face exposure to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. 
 As our international operations expand, our exposure to the effects of fluctuations in currency exchange rates grows. While we have primarily transacted with customers and vendors in U.S. dollars historically, we expect to continue to expand the number of transactions with our customers that are denominated in foreign currencies in the future. Fluctuations in the value of the U.S. dollar and foreign currencies may make our subscriptions more expensive for international customers, which could harm our business. Additionally, we incur expenses for employee compensation and other operating expenses at our non-U.S. locations in the local currency for such locations. Fluctuations in the exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and other currencies could result in an increase to the U.S. dollar equivalent of such expenses. These fluctuations could cause our results of operations to differ from our expectations or the expectations of our investors. Additionally, such foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations could make it more difficult to detect underlying trends in our business and results of operations. 
 We do not currently maintain a program to hedge transactional exposures in foreign currencies. However, in the future, we may use derivative instruments, such as foreign currency forward and option contracts, to hedge certain exposures to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. The use of such hedging activities may not offset any or more than a portion of the adverse financial effects of unfavorable movements in foreign exchange rates over the limited time the hedges are in place. Moreover, the use of hedging instruments may introduce additional risks if we are unable to structure effective hedges with such instruments. 
 Our ability to raise capital in the future may be limited, and our failure to raise capital when needed could prevent us from growing. 
 Our business and operations may consume resources faster than we anticipate. In the future, we may need to raise additional funds to invest in future growth opportunities. Additional financing may not be available on favorable terms, if at all. If adequate funds are not available on acceptable terms, we may be unable to invest in future growth opportunities, which could seriously harm our business and operating results. If we incur debt, the debt holders would have rights senior to common stockholders to make claims on our assets, and the terms of any debt could restrict our operations, including our ability to pay dividends on our common stock. Furthermore, if we issue equity securities, stockholders will experience dilution, and the new equity securities could have rights senior to those of our common stock. Because our decision to issue securities in any future offering will depend on market conditions and other factors beyond our control, we cannot predict or estimate the amount, timing or nature of our future offerings. As a result, our stockholders bear the risk of our future securities offerings reducing the market price of our common stock and diluting their interest. 
 44 

Our sales cycle can be unpredictable, time-consuming and costly, which could harm our busi  ness and operating results.  
 Our sales process involves educating prospective customers and existing customers about the use, technical capabilities and benefits of our platform and applications. Prospective customers, especially larger organizations, often undertake a prolonged evaluation process, which typically involves not only our solutions, but also those of our competitors and lasts from four to nine months or longer. We may spend substantial time, effort and money on our sales and marketing efforts without any assurance that our efforts will produce any sales. 
 Events affecting our customers  businesses may occur during the sales cycle that could affect the size or timing of a purchase, contributing to more unpredictability in our business and operating results. As a result of these factors, we may face greater costs, longer sales cycles and less predictability in the future. 
 Our ability to use our net operating losses to offset future taxable income may be subject to certain limitations. 
 As of December 31, 2015, we had federal and state net operating loss carryforwards, or NOLs, of $39.2 million and $36.6 million, respectively, due to prior period losses, which expire in various years beginning in 2028 if not utilized. In general, under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Code, a corporation that undergoes an  ownership change  is subject to limitations on its ability to utilize its NOLs to offset future taxable income. Our existing NOLs may be subject to limitations arising from previous ownership changes. Future changes in our stock ownership, some of which are outside of our control, could result in an ownership change. There is also a risk that due to regulatory changes, such as suspensions on the use of NOLs, or other unforeseen reasons, our existing NOLs could expire or otherwise be unavailable to offset future income tax liabilities. Additionally, state NOLs generated in one state cannot be used to offset income generated in another state. For these reasons, we may not be able to realize a tax benefit from the use of our NOLs, whether or not we attain profitability. 
 Our business is subject to the risks of earthquakes, fires, floods and other natural catastrophic events and to interruption by man-made problems such as cyber incidents or terrorism. 
 Our business and operations are vulnerable to damage or interruption from earthquakes, fires, floods, power losses, telecommunications failures, terrorist attacks, acts of war, human errors, break-ins and similar events affecting us or third-party vendors we rely on, any of which could have a material adverse impact on our business, operating results and financial condition. Acts of terrorism, which may be targeted at metropolitan areas that have higher population density than rural areas, could cause disruptions in our or our customers  businesses or the economy as a whole. Our servers and those of our third-party vendors may also be vulnerable to cyber incidents, break-ins and similar disruptions from unauthorized tampering with our computer systems, which could lead to interruptions, delays, loss of critical data or the unauthorized disclosure of confidential customer data. We or our customers may not have sufficient protection or recovery plans in place, and our business interruption insurance may be insufficient to compensate us for losses that may occur. As we rely heavily on our servers, computer and communications systems, that of third parties and the Internet to conduct our business and provide high quality customer service, such disruptions could have an adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 Our reported financial results may be adversely affected by changes in accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. 
 Generally accepted accounting principles in the United States are subject to interpretation by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, or FASB, the SEC and various bodies formed to promulgate and interpret appropriate accounting principles. A change in these principles or interpretations could have a significant effect on our reported financial results, and could affect the reporting of transactions completed before the announcement of a change. 
 Impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets would result in a decrease in our earnings. 
 Current accounting rules provide that goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite useful lives may not be amortized but instead must be tested for impairment at least annually. These rules also require that intangible assets with definite useful lives be amortized over their respective estimated useful lives to their estimated residual values, and reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. We have substantial goodwill and other intangible assets, and we would be required to record a significant charge to earnings in our consolidated financial statements during the period in which any impairment of our goodwill or intangible assets is determined. Any impairment charges or changes to the estimated amortization periods would result in a decrease in our earnings. 
 45 

Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property  
 If we fail to protect our intellectual property and proprietary rights adequately, our business could be harmed. 
 Our future success and competitive position depend in part on our ability to protect our intellectual property and proprietary technologies. To safeguard these rights, we rely on a combination of patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret laws and contractual protections in the United States and other jurisdictions, some of which afford only limited protection. 
 As of September 30, 2016, we had nine issued patents and four patent applications pending in the United States. We cannot assure you that any patents will issue from any patent applications, that patents that issue from such applications will give us the protection that we seek or that any such patents will not be challenged, invalidated, or circumvented. Any patents that may issue in the future from our pending or future patent applications may not provide sufficiently broad protection and may not be enforceable in actions against alleged infringers. In addition, we have registered the  Everbridge  and  Nixle  names in the United States, and have registered the  Everbridge  name in the European Union. We have registrations and/or pending applications for additional marks in the United States; however, we cannot assure you that any future trademark registrations will be issued for pending or future applications or that any registered trademarks will be enforceable or provide adequate protection of our proprietary rights. 
 In order to protect our unpatented proprietary technologies and processes, we rely on trade secret laws and confidentiality agreements with our employees, consultants, vendors and others. Despite our efforts to protect our proprietary technology and trade secrets, unauthorized parties may attempt to misappropriate, reverse engineer or otherwise obtain and use them. In addition, others may independently discover our trade secrets, in which case we would not be able to assert trade secret rights, or develop similar technologies and processes. Further, the contractual provisions that we enter into may not prevent unauthorized use or disclosure of our proprietary technology or intellectual property rights and may not provide an adequate remedy in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure of our proprietary technology or intellectual property rights. Effective trade secret protection may not be available in every country in which our services are available or where we have employees or independent contractors. The loss of trade secret protection could make it easier for third parties to compete with our solutions by copying functionality. In addition, any changes in, or unexpected interpretations of, the trade secret and employment laws in any country in which we operate may compromise our ability to enforce our trade secret and intellectual property rights. Costly and time-consuming litigation could be necessary to enforce and determine the scope of our proprietary rights, and failure to obtain or maintain trade secret protection could adversely affect our competitive business position. 
 In addition, to protect our intellectual property rights, we may be required to spend significant resources to monitor and protect these rights. Litigation brought to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights could be costly, time-consuming and distracting to management and could result in the impairment or loss of portions of our intellectual property. Failure to adequately enforce our intellectual property rights could also result in the impairment or loss of those rights. Furthermore, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights may be met with defenses, counterclaims and countersuits attacking the validity and enforceability of our intellectual property rights. Patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret laws offer us only limited protection and the laws of many of the countries in which we sell our services do not protect proprietary rights to the same extent as the United States and Europe. Accordingly, defense of our trademarks and proprietary technology may become an increasingly important issue as we continue to expand our operations and solution development into countries that provide a lower level of intellectual property protection than the United States or Europe. Policing unauthorized use of our intellectual property and technology is difficult and the steps we take may not prevent misappropriation of the intellectual property or technology on which we rely. For example, in the event of inadvertent or malicious disclosure of our proprietary technology, trade secret laws may no longer afford protection to our intellectual property rights in the areas not otherwise covered by patents or copyrights. Accordingly, we may not be able to prevent third parties from infringing upon or misappropriating our intellectual property. 
 We may elect to initiate litigation in the future to enforce or protect our proprietary rights or to determine the validity and scope of the rights of others. That litigation may not be ultimately successful and could result in substantial costs to us, the reduction or loss in intellectual property protection for our technology, the diversion of our management s attention and harm to our reputation, any of which could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 Our failure or inability to adequately protect our intellectual property and proprietary rights could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 An assertion by a third party that we are infringing its intellectual property could subject us to costly and time-consuming litigation or expensive licenses that could harm our business and results of operations. 
   Patent and other intellectual property disputes are common in our industry and we have been involved in such disputes from time to time in the ordinary course of our business. Some companies, including some of our competitors, own large numbers of patents, copyrights and trademarks, which they may use to assert claims against us. Third parties may in the future assert claims of  
 46 

infringement, misappropriation or other violations   of intellectual property rights against us. They may also assert such claims against our customers whom we typically indemnify against claims that our solution infringes, misappropriates or otherwise violates the intellectual property rights of third parti  es. As the numbers of products and competitors in our market increase and overlaps occur, claims of infringement, misappropriation and other violations of intellectual property rights may increase. Any claim of infringement, misappropriation or other viola  tion of intellectual property rights by a third party, even those without merit, could cause us to incur substantial costs defending against the claim and could distract our management from our business.  
 As we seek to extend our platform and applications, we could be constrained by the intellectual property rights of others and it may also be more likely that competitors or other third parties will claim that our solutions infringe their proprietary rights. We might not prevail in any intellectual property infringement litigation given the complex technical issues and inherent uncertainties in such litigation. Defending such claims, regardless of their merit, could be time-consuming and distracting to management, result in costly litigation or settlement, cause development delays or require us to enter into royalty or licensing agreements. In addition, we currently have a limited portfolio of issued patents compared to our larger competitors, and therefore may not be able to effectively utilize our intellectual property portfolio to assert defenses or counterclaims in response to patent infringement claims or litigation brought against us by third parties. Further, litigation may involve patent holding companies or other adverse patent owners who have no relevant applications or revenue and against which our potential patents provide no deterrence, and many other potential litigants have the capability to dedicate substantially greater resources to enforce their intellectual property rights and to defend claims that may be brought against them. If our platform or any of our applications exceed the scope of in-bound licenses or violate any third-party proprietary rights, we could be required to withdraw those applications from the market, re-develop those applications or seek to obtain licenses from third parties, which might not be available on reasonable terms or at all. Any efforts to re-develop our platform and our applications, obtain licenses from third parties on favorable terms or license a substitute technology might not be successful and, in any case, might substantially increase our costs and harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. If we were compelled to withdraw any of our applications from the market, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be harmed. 
 We have indemnity obligations to our customers and certain of our channel partners for certain expenses and liabilities resulting from intellectual property infringement claims regarding our platform and our applications, which could force us to incur substantial costs. 
 We have indemnity obligations to our customers and certain of our channel partners for intellectual property infringement claims regarding our platform and our applications. As a result, in the case of infringement claims against these customers and channel partners, we could be required to indemnify them for losses resulting from such claims or to refund amounts they have paid to us. We also expect that some of our channel partners with whom we do not have express contractual obligations to indemnify for intellectual property infringement claims may seek indemnification from us in connection with infringement claims brought against them. We may elect to indemnify these channel partners where we have no contractual obligation to indemnify them and we will evaluate each such request on a case-by-case basis. If a channel partner elects to invest resources in enforcing a claim for indemnification against us, we could incur significant costs disputing it. If we do not succeed in disputing it, we could face substantial liability. 
 We may be subject to damages resulting from claims that our employees or contractors have wrongfully used or disclosed alleged trade secrets of their former employers or other parties. 
 We have in the past and may in the future be subject to claims that employees or contractors, or we, have inadvertently or otherwise used or disclosed trade secrets or other proprietary information of our competitors or other parties. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. If we fail in defending against such claims, a court could order us to pay substantial damages and prohibit us from using technologies or features that are essential to our solutions, if such technologies or features are found to incorporate or be derived from the trade secrets or other proprietary information of these parties. In addition, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights or personnel. A loss of key personnel or their work product could hamper or prevent our ability to develop, market and support potential solutions or enhancements, which could severely harm our business. Even if we are successful in defending against these claims, such litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management. 
 47 

The use of open source software in our platform and applications may expose us to additional risks and harm our intellectual property.  
 Our platform and some of our applications use or incorporate software that is subject to one or more open source licenses and we may incorporate open source software in the future. Open source software is typically freely accessible, usable and modifiable; however, certain open source software licenses require a user who intends to distribute the open source software as a component of the user s software to disclose publicly part or all of the source code to the user s software. In addition, certain open source software licenses require the user of such software to make any modifications or derivative works of the open source code available to others on potentially unfavorable terms or at no cost. Use and distribution of open source software may entail greater risks than use of third-party commercial software, as open source licensors generally do not provide warranties or other contractual protections regarding infringement claims or the quality of the code. 
 The terms of many open source licenses to which we are subject have not been interpreted by U.S. or foreign courts, and accordingly there is a risk that those licenses could be construed in a manner that imposes unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our ability to commercialize our platform and applications. In that event, we could be required to seek licenses from third parties in order to continue offering our platform and applications, to re-develop our platform and applications, to discontinue sales of our platform and applications or to release our proprietary software code in source code form under the terms of an open source license, any of which could harm our business. Further, given the nature of open source software, it may be more likely that third parties might assert copyright and other intellectual property infringement claims against us based on our use of these open source software programs. Litigation could be costly for us to defend, have a negative effect on our operating results and financial condition or require us to devote additional research and development resources to change our applications. 
 Although we are not aware of any use of open source software in our platform and applications that would require us to disclose all or a portion of the source code underlying our core applications, it is possible that such use may have inadvertently occurred in deploying our platform and applications, or that persons or entities may claim such disclosure to be required. Disclosing our proprietary source code could allow our competitors to create similar products with lower development effort and time and ultimately could result in a loss of sales for us. Disclosing the source code of our proprietary software could also make it easier for cyber attackers and other third parties to discover vulnerabilities in or to defeat the protections of our products, which could result in our products failing to provide our customers with the security they expect. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. Additionally, if a third-party software provider has incorporated certain types of open source software into software we license from such third party for our platform and applications without our knowledge, we could, under certain circumstances, be required to disclose the source code to our platform and applications. This could harm our intellectual property position and our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Risks Related to Government Regulation 
 Failure to comply with governmental laws and regulations could harm our business. 
 Our business is subject to regulation by various federal, state, local and foreign governments. In certain jurisdictions, these regulatory requirements may be more stringent than those in the United States. Noncompliance with applicable regulations or requirements could subject us to investigations, sanctions, enforcement actions, disgorgement of profits, fines, damages, civil and criminal penalties, injunctions or other collateral consequences. If any governmental sanctions are imposed, or if we do not prevail in any possible civil or criminal litigation, our business, results of operations, and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. In addition, responding to any action will likely result in a significant diversion of management s attention and resources and an increase in professional fees. Enforcement actions and sanctions could harm our business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition. 
 A portion of our revenue is generated by subscriptions sold to governmental entities and heavily regulated organizations, which are subject to a number of challenges and risks. 
 A portion of our revenue is generated by subscriptions sold to government entities. Additionally, many of our current and prospective customers, such as those in the financial services, and healthcare and life sciences industries, are highly regulated and may be required to comply with more stringent regulations in connection with subscribing to and implementing our applications. Selling subscriptions to these entities can be highly competitive, expensive and time consuming, often requiring significant upfront time and expense without any assurance that we will successfully complete a sale. 
   Furthermore, engaging in sales activities to foreign governments introduces additional compliance risks specific to the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Bribery Act and other similar statutory requirements prohibiting bribery and corruption in the jurisdictions in which we operate. Governmental and highly regulated entities often require contract terms that differ from our standard arrangements. For example, the federal government provides grants to certain state and local governments for our  
 48 

applications and if such governmental entities do not continue to receive these grants, they have the   ability to terminate their contracts without penalty. Governmental and highly regulated entities impose compliance requirements that are complicated, require preferential pricing or  most favored nation  terms and conditions, or are otherwise time consumin  g and expensive to satisfy. If we undertake to meet special standards or requirements and do not meet them, we could be subject to increased liability from our customers or regulators. Even if we do meet these special standards or requirements, the additio  nal costs associated with providing our applications to government and highly regulated customers could harm our margins. Moreover, changes in the underlying regulatory conditions that affect these types of customers could harm our ability to efficiently p  rovide our applications to them and to grow or maintain our customer base.  
 Governmental demand and payment for our applications may also be impacted by public sector budgetary cycles and funding authorizations, with funding reductions or delays adversely affecting public sector demand for our solutions. 
 We are subject to governmental regulation and other legal obligations, particularly related to privacy, data protection and information security, and our actual or perceived failure to comply with such obligations could harm our business. Compliance with such laws could also impair our efforts to maintain and expand our customer base, and thereby decrease our revenue. 
 Our handling and storage of data is subject to a variety of laws and regulations, including regulation by various government agencies, including the U.S. Federal Trade Commission, or FTC, and various state, local and foreign agencies. We collect personally identifiable information and other data directly from our customers and through our channel partners. We also process or otherwise handle personally identifiable information about our customers  employees, customers and constituents in certain circumstances. We use this information to provide applications to our customers and to support, expand and improve our business. We may also share customers  personally identifiable information with third parties as described in our privacy policy and/or as otherwise authorized by our customers. 
 The U.S. federal and various state and foreign governments have adopted or proposed legislation that regulates the collection, distribution, use and storage of personal information of individuals and that mandates security requirements with respect to certain personally identifiable information. In the United States, the FTC and numerous state attorneys general are imposing standards for the online collection, distribution, use and storage of data by applying federal and state consumer protection laws. The lack of a clear and universal standard for protecting such information means, however, that these obligations may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent from one jurisdiction to another and may conflict with other requirements or our practices. Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with privacy or security laws, policies, legal obligations or industry standards or any security incident that results in the unauthorized release or transfer of sensitive corporate information, personally identifiable information or other customer data may result in governmental enforcement actions, litigation, fines and penalties and/or adverse publicity, and could cause our customers to lose trust in us, which could have an adverse effect on our reputation and business. 
 Some proposed laws or regulations concerning privacy, data protection and information security are in their early stages, and we cannot yet determine how these laws and regulations may be interpreted nor can we determine the impact these proposed laws and regulations, may have on our business. Such proposed laws and regulations may require companies to implement privacy and security policies, permit users to access, correct and delete personal information stored or maintained by such companies, inform individuals of security breaches that affect their personal information, and, in some cases, obtain individuals  consent to use personal information for certain purposes. In addition, a foreign government could require that any personal information collected in a country not be disseminated outside of that country, and we may not be currently equipped to comply with such a requirement. Our failure to comply with federal, state and international data privacy laws and regulators could harm our ability to successfully operate our business and pursue our business goals. 
 In addition, several foreign countries and governmental bodies, including the European Union and Canada, have regulations governing the collection and use of personal information obtained from their residents, which are often more restrictive than those in the United States. Laws and regulations in these jurisdictions apply broadly to the collection, use, storage, disclosure and security of personal information that identifies or may be used to identify an individual, such as names, email addresses and in some jurisdictions, Internet Protocol, or IP, addresses. Such regulations and laws may be modified and new laws may be enacted in the future. Within the European Union, legislators are currently considering a revision to the 1995 European Union Data Protection Directive that would include more stringent operational requirements for processors and controllers of personal information and that would impose significant penalties for non-compliance. If our privacy or data security measures fail to comply with current or future laws and regulations, we may be subject to litigation, regulatory investigations, fines or other liabilities, as well as negative publicity and a potential loss of business. Moreover, if future laws and regulations limit our customers  ability to use and share personal information or our ability to store, process and share personal information, demand for our applications could decrease, our costs could increase, and our business, results of operations and financial condition could be harmed. 
 49 

New interpretations of existing laws, regulations or standards could require us to incur additional compliance costs and could restrict our business operations, and any failure by us to comply with applicable require  ments may result in governmental enforcement actions, litigation, fines and penalties or adverse publicity, which could have an adverse effect on our reputation and business.  
 Potential regulatory requirements placed on our applications and content could impose increased costs on us, delay or prevent our introduction of new applications, and impair the function or value of our existing applications. 
 Certain of our existing applications, such as HipaaBridge, a tailored version of our Secure Messaging application that is designed to comply with HIPAA, are and are likely to continue to be subject to increasing regulatory requirements in a number of ways and as we continue to introduce new applications, we may be subject to additional regulatory requirements and other risks that could be costly and difficult to comply with or that could harm our business. In addition, we market our applications and professional services in certain countries outside of the United States and plan to expand our local presence in regions such as Europe, the Middle East and Asia. If additional legal and/or regulatory requirements are implemented in the foreign countries in which we provide our services, the cost of developing or selling our applications may increase. As these requirements proliferate and as existing legal requirements become subject to new interpretations, we must change or adapt our applications and professional services to comply. Changing regulatory requirements might render certain of our applications obsolete or might block us from accomplishing our work or from developing new applications. This might in turn impose additional costs upon us to comply or to further develop our applications. It might also make introduction of new applications or service types more costly or more time-consuming than we currently anticipate. It might even prevent introduction by us of new applications or cause the continuation of our existing applications or professional services to become unprofitable or impossible. 
 Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock 
 Our stock price may be volatile and you may lose some or all of your investment. 
 The market price of our common stock may be highly volatile and may fluctuate substantially as a result of a variety of factors, some of which are related in complex ways. Since shares of our common stock were sold in our initial public offering, or IPO, in September 2016 at a price of $12.00 per share, our stock price has ranged from an intraday low of $11.76 to an intraday high of $18.45 through September 30, 2016. Factors that may affect the market price of our common stock include: 

actual or anticipated fluctuations in our financial condition and operating results;     

variance in our financial performance from expectations of securities analysts;     

changes in the prices of our applications;     

changes in our projected operating and financial results;     

changes in laws or regulations applicable to our platform and applications;     

announcements by us or our competitors of significant business developments, acquisitions or new applications;     

our involvement in any litigation;     

our sale of our common stock or other securities in the future;     

changes in senior management or key personnel;     

trading volume of our common stock;     

changes in the anticipated future size and growth rate of our market; and     

general economic, regulatory and market conditions.     

 Recently, the stock markets have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have affected and continue to affect the market prices of equity securities of many companies. These fluctuations have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies. Broad market and industry fluctuations, as well as general economic, political, regulatory and market conditions, may negatively impact the market price of our common stock. In the past, companies that have experienced volatility in the market price of their securities have been subject to securities class action litigation. We may be the target of this type of litigation in the future, which could result in substantial costs and divert our management s attention. 
 50 

An active public trading market for our common stock may not be sustained.  
 Prior to the completion of our IPO in September 2016, no public market for our common stock existed. Although our common stock is listed on the NASDAQ Global Market, we cannot assure you that an active public trading market for our common stock will continue to develop or be sustained. If an active market for our common stock does not continue to develop or is not sustained, it may be difficult for investors in our common stock to sell shares without depressing the market price for the shares or to sell the shares at all. An inactive market may also impair our ability to raise capital to continue to fund operations by selling shares and may impair our ability to acquire other companies or technologies by using our shares as consideration.  
 We are an emerging growth company, and we cannot be certain if the reduced reporting requirements applicable to emerging growth companies will make our common stock less attractive to investors. 
 We are an emerging growth company, as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act, or the JOBS Act, enacted in April 2012. For as long as we continue to be an emerging growth company, we may take advantage of exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies, including not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation our periodic reports and proxy statements and exemptions from the requirements of holding nonbinding advisory votes on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of the IPO, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least $1 billion or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which requires the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates to exceed $700 million as of the prior June 30th, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than $1 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. We cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive because we may rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock price may be more volatile. 
 As a result of becoming a public company, we will be obligated to develop and maintain a system of effective internal control over financial reporting. We may not complete our analysis of our internal control over financial reporting in a timely manner, or these internal controls may not be determined to be effective, which may harm investor confidence in our company and, as a result, the value of our common stock. 
 We will be required, pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, to furnish a report by management on, among other things, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting in the second annual report we file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC. This assessment will need to include disclosure of any material weaknesses identified by our management in our internal control over financial reporting. However, our auditors will not be required to formally attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 until we are no longer an  emerging growth company  as defined in the JOBS Act if we take advantage of the exemptions available to us through the JOBS Act. 
 We are in the very early stages of the costly and challenging process of compiling the system and process documentation necessary to perform the evaluation needed to comply with Section 404. In this regard, we will need to continue to dedicate internal resources, engage outside consultants and adopt a detailed work plan to assess and document the adequacy of internal control over financial reporting, continue steps to improve control processes as appropriate, validate through testing that controls are functioning as documented and implement a continuous reporting and improvement process for internal control over financial reporting. As we transition to the requirements of reporting as a public company, we may need to add additional finance staff. We may not be able to remediate any future material weaknesses, or to complete our evaluation, testing and any required remediation in a timely fashion. During the evaluation and testing process, if we identify one or more material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, we will be unable to assert that our internal controls are effective. If we are unable to assert that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, or if our auditors are unable to express an opinion on the effectiveness of our internal controls when they are required to issue such opinion, investors could lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports,  the market price of our common stock could decline, and we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by the NASDAQ Stock Market, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. Failure to remedy any material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, or to implement or maintain other effective control systems required of public companies, could also restrict our future access to the capital markets . 
 If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about our business, or if they issue an adverse or misleading opinion regarding our stock, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 
   The trading market for our common stock will be influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts publish about us or our business. We do not have any control over these analysts. If any of the analysts who cover us issue an adverse or  
 51 

misleading opinion regarding us, our business model, our intellectual property or our stock performance, or if operating results fail to   meet the expectations of analysts, our stock price would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of us or fail to publish reports on us regularly, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which in turn could cause our sto  ck price or trading volume to decline.  
 We will incur increased costs as a result of operating as a public company and our management will be required to devote substantial time to new compliance initiatives and corporate governance practices. 
 As a public company, and particularly after we are no longer an  emerging growth company,  we will incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, the listing requirements of the NASDAQ Stock Market and other applicable securities rules and regulations impose various requirements on public companies. Our management and other personnel will need to devote a substantial amount of time to compliance with these requirements. Moreover, these rules and regulations will increase our legal and financial compliance costs and will make some activities more time-consuming and costly. We cannot predict or estimate the amount of additional costs we will incur as a public company or the timing of such costs. Such additional costs going forward could negatively affect our financial results. 
 We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future, and accordingly, stockholders must rely on stock appreciation for any return on their investment. 
 We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock and do not intend to pay any cash dividends to holders of our common stock in the foreseeable future. In addition, our ability to pay cash dividends is currently prohibited by the terms of our existing credit agreement and may be prohibited by future credit agreements. As a result, capital appreciation, if any, of our common stock will be your sole source of gain for the foreseeable future. 
 Our executive officers, directors and principal stockholders own a significant percentage of our stock and will be able to exert significant control over matters subject to stockholder approval. 
 Our directors, executive officers and holders of more than 5% of our common stock, some of whom are represented on our board of directors, together with their affiliates beneficially own more than 40% of the voting power of our outstanding capital stock. As a result, these stockholders will be able to determine the outcome of matters submitted to our stockholders for approval. This ownership could affect the value of your shares of common stock by, for example, these stockholders electing to delay, defer or prevent a change in corporate control, merger, consolidation, takeover or other business combination. This concentration of ownership may also adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 
 We may invest or spend the proceeds of the IPO in ways with which you may not agree or in ways which may not yield a return. 
 We anticipate that the remaining net proceeds from our IPO will be used for general corporate purposes, including working capital. We may also use a portion of the net proceeds to acquire complementary businesses, applications, services or technologies. However, we do not have any agreements or commitments for any acquisitions at this time. Our management will have considerable discretion in the application of the net proceeds, and you will not have the opportunity to assess whether the proceeds are being used appropriately. The net proceeds may be invested with a view towards long-term benefits for our stockholders and this may not increase our operating results or market value. The failure by our management to apply these funds effectively may adversely affect the return on your investment. 
 Anti-takeover provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law could make an acquisition of us more difficult, limit attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management and limit the market price of our common stock. 
 Provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control or changes in our management. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws include provisions that: 

authorize our board of directors to issue preferred stock, without further stockholder action and with voting liquidation, dividend and other rights superior to our common stock;     

require that any action to be taken by our stockholders be effected at a duly called annual or special meeting and not by written consent, and limit the ability of our stockholders to call special meetings;     

establish an advance notice procedure for stockholder proposals to be brought before an annual meeting, including proposed nominations of persons for director nominees;     

 52 

establish that our board of directors is divided into three classes, with directors in each class serving three  -year staggered terms;     

require the approval of holders of two-thirds of the shares entitled to vote at an election of directors to adopt, amend or repeal our bylaws or amend or repeal the provisions of our certificate of incorporation regarding the election and removal of directors and the ability of stockholders to take action by written consent or call a special meeting;     

prohibit cumulative voting in the election of directors; and     

provide that vacancies on our board of directors may be filled only by the vote of a majority of directors then in office, even though less than a quorum.     

 These provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management by making it more difficult for stockholders to replace members of our board of directors, which is responsible for appointing the members of our management. In addition, because we are incorporated in Delaware, we are governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, which generally prohibits a Delaware corporation from engaging in any of a broad range of business combinations with any  interested  stockholder for a period of three years following the date on which the stockholder became an  interested  stockholder. Any of the foregoing provisions could limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock, and they could deter potential acquirers of our company, thereby reducing the likelihood that you would receive a premium for your common stock in an acquisition. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation designates the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the exclusive forum for certain litigation that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders  ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us. 
 Pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is the sole and exclusive forum for (1) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (2) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers or other employees to us or our stockholders, (3) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or our amended and restated bylaws or (4) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation further provides that any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our common stock is deemed to have notice of and consented to the foregoing provision. The forum selection clause in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation may limit our stockholders  ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us. 
 Future sales of our common stock in the public market could cause our share price to decline. 
 As of October 31, 2016, 27,148,042 shares of our common stock were outstanding. Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market, or the perception that these sales might occur, could depress the market price of our common stock and could impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity securities. Of our issued and outstanding shares of our common stock, all of the shares sold in our IPO are freely transferrable without restrictions or further registration under the Securities Act, except for any shares acquired by our affiliates, as defined in Rule 144 under the Securities Act. Approximately 16,661,449 shares outstanding are restricted as a result of securities laws, lock-up agreements or other contractual restrictions that restrict transfers for 180 days after the date of our IPO. 
 Additionally, stockholders holding approximately 41% of our common stock as of October 31 2016 will, after the expiration of the lock-up periods specified above, have the right, subject to various conditions and limitations, to include their shares of our common stock in registration statements relating to our securities. If the offer and sale of these shares are registered, they will be freely tradable without restriction under the Securities Act. Shares of common stock sold under such registration statements can be freely sold in the public market. In the event such registration rights are exercised and a large number of shares of common stock are sold in the public market, such sales could reduce the trading price of our common stock. 
 We filed registration statements on Form S-8 under the Securities Act to register the total number of shares of our common stock that may be issued under our equity incentive plans. In addition, in the future we may issue common stock or other securities if we need to raise additional capital. The number of new shares of our common stock issued in connection with raising additional capital could constitute a material portion of the then outstanding shares of our common stock. 

Item 2.   
 
     Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.    

 (a) Recent Sales of Unregistered Equity Securities 
 53 

From July 1, 2016 through September 30, 2016, we iss  ued and sold to our employees and consultants an aggregate of unregistered 113,726 shares of common stock upon the exercise of options under our equity incentive plans at exercise prices ranging from $1.15 to $13.63 per share, for an aggregate exercise pri  ce of $0.6 million.  
 The offers, sales and issuances of the securities described in the preceding paragraph were deemed to be exempt from registration under Rule 701 promulgated under the Securities Act, or Rule 701, in that the transactions were by an issuer not involving any public offering or under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act or under compensatory benefit plans and contracts relating to compensation as provided under Rule 701. The recipients of such securities were our employees, directors or consultants and received the securities under our equity incentive plans. Appropriate legends were affixed to the securities issued in these transactions. 
 (b) Use of Proceeds 
 On September 21, 2016, we closed our initial public offering of 6,250,000 shares of common stock at an offering price of $12.00 per share, resulting in gross proceeds to us of approximately $75.0 million. In addition, certain of our existing stockholders sold an aggregate of 2,375,000 shares of common stock in our initial public offering, including 1,125,000 shares of common stock upon the exercise of the underwriters  option to purchase additional shares, at an offering price of $12.00 per share. All of the shares issued and sold in our initial public offering were registered under the Securities Act pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-213217), which was declared effective by the SEC on September 15, 2016. Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner   Smith Incorporated acted as joint book-running managers of our initial public offering, which has now terminated, and Stifel, Nicolaus   Company, Incorporated, Pacific Crest Securities, a division of KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Raymond James   Associates, Inc., Canaccord Genuity Inc. and William Blair   Company, L.L.C. acted as co-managers. 
 The net proceeds to us, after deducting underwriting discounts and commission of approximately $5.25 million and offering expenses of approximately $3.65 million, were approximately $66.1 million. No offering expenses were paid directly or indirectly to any of our directors or officers (or their associates) or persons owning ten percent or more of any class of our equity securities or to any other affiliates. There has been no material change in the planned use of proceeds from our initial public offering from those disclosed in the final prospectus for our initial public offering dated as of on September 15, 2016 and filed with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424(b)(4). 
 As of September 30, 2016, $0.9 million of expenses incurred in connection with our initial public offering had not yet been paid. 
 (c) Issuer Purchase of Equity Securities 
 None. 

Item 3.   
 
     Defaults Upon Senior Securities.    

 None 

Item 4.   
 
     Mine Safety Disclosures.    

 Not applicable 

Item 5.   
 
     Other Information.    

 Not applicable 
   
 54 

Item 6.   
 
          E  xhibits.     

+    
 
   Indicates management contract or compensatory plan.    

*   
 
 This certification is deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.    

55 

SIGNAT  URES  
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Company Name  

Date: November 14, 2016  
 
 By:  

/s/ Jaime Ellertson  

Jaime Ellertson  

President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors  

Date: November 14, 2016  
 
 By:  

/s/ Kenneth S. Goldman  

Kenneth S. Goldman  

Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  

56 

Exhibit   Index  

+    
 
   Indicates management contract or compensatory plan.    

*   
 
 This certification is deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.    

57  

<EX-10.1>
 2
 evbg-ex101_580.htm
 EX-10.1

evbg-ex101_580.htm

Exhibit 10.1 
 Everbridge, Inc. 
 2016 Equity Incentive Plan 
 Adopted by the Board of Directors: September 1, 2016 
 Approved by the Stockholders: September 1, 2016 
 Effective Date: September 15, 2016 
   1.    General.  
   (a)  Successor to and Continuation of Prior Plan.    The Plan is intended as the successor to and continuation of the Everbridge, Inc. 2011 Stock Option and Grant Plan, as amended (the    Prior Plan   ).  From and after 12:01 a.m. Eastern Time on the Effective Date, no additional stock awards may be granted under the Prior Plan.  All Awards granted on or after 12:01 a.m. Eastern Time on the Effective Date will be granted under this Plan. All stock awards granted under the Prior Plan will remain subject to the terms of the Prior Plan.  
 (i)  Any shares that would otherwise remain available for future grants under the Prior Plan as of 12:01 a.m. Eastern Time on the Effective Date (the    Prior Plan s Available Reserve   ) will cease to be available under the Prior Plan at such time.  Instead, that number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Prior Plan s Available Reserve will be added to the Share Reserve (as further described in Section 3(a) below) and be then immediately available for grants and issuance pursuant to Stock Awards hereunder, up to the maximum number set forth in Section 3(a) below.  
     (ii)  In addition, from and after 12:01 a.m. Eastern     Time on the Effective Date, any shares subject to outstanding stock awards granted under the Prior Plan that would, but for the operation of this sentence, subsequently return to the share reserve of the Prior Plan under its terms (the    Returning Shares   ) will not return to the reserve of the Prior Plan, and instead that number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Returning Shares will be added to the Share Reserve (as further described in Section 3(a) below) as and when the share becomes a Returning Share, up to the maximum number set forth in Section 3(a) below.  
   (b)  Eligible Award Recipients.    Employees, Directors and Consultants are eligible to receive Awards.  
   (c)  Available Awards.    The Plan provides for the grant of the following types of Awards: (i) Incentive Stock Options, (ii) Nonstatutory Stock Options, (iii) Stock Appreciation Rights (iv) Restricted Stock Awards, (v) Restricted Stock Unit Awards, (vi) Performance Stock Awards, (vii) Performance Cash Awards, and (viii) Other Stock Awards.  
   (d)  Purpose.    The Plan, through the granting of Awards, is intended to help the Company secure and retain the services of eligible award recipients, provide incentives for such persons to exert maximum efforts for the success of the Company and any Affiliate and provide a means by which the eligible recipients may benefit from increases in value of the Common Stock.  
 1. 

2.     Administration.  
 (a)  Administration by Board.    The Board will administer the Plan.  The Board may delegate administration of the Plan to a Committee or Committees, as provided in Section 2(c).  
 (b)  Powers of Board.    The Board will have the power, subject to, and within the limitations of, the express provisions of the Plan:  
 (i)  To determine (A) who will be granted Awards; (B) when and how each Award will be granted; (C) what type of Award will be granted; (D) the provisions of each Award (which need not be identical), including when a person will be permitted to exercise or otherwise receive cash or Common Stock under the Award; (E) the number of shares of Common Stock subject to, or the cash value of, an Award; and (F) the Fair Market Value applicable to a Stock Award.  
 (ii)  To construe and interpret the Plan and Awards granted under it, and to establish, amend and revoke rules and regulations for administration of the Plan and Awards.  The Board, in the exercise of these powers, may correct any defect, omission or inconsistency in the Plan or in any Award Agreement or in the written terms of a Performance Cash Award, in a manner and to the extent it will deem necessary or expedient to make the Plan or Award fully effective.  
 (iii)  To settle all controversies regarding the Plan and Awards granted under it.  
 (iv)  To accelerate, in whole or in part, the time at which an Award may be exercised or vest (or at which cash or shares of Common Stock may be issued).    
   (v)  To suspend or terminate the Plan at any time.  Except as otherwise provided in the Plan (including subsection (viii) below) or an Award Agreement, suspension or termination of the Plan will not impair a Participant s rights under his or her then-outstanding Award without his or her written consent.  
 (vi)  To amend the Plan in any respect the Board deems necessary or advisable, including, without limitation, by adopting amendments relating to Incentive Stock Options and certain nonqualified deferred compensation under Section 409A of the Code and/or to make the Plan or Awards granted under the Plan compliant with the requirements for Incentive Stock Options or exempt from or compliant with the requirements for nonqualified deferred compensation under Section 409A of the Code, subject to the limitations, if any, of applicable law. However, if required by applicable law or listing requirements, and except as provided in Section 9(a) relating to Capitalization Adjustments, the Company will seek stockholder approval of any amendment of the Plan that (A) materially increases the number of shares of Common Stock available for issuance under the Plan, (B) materially expands the class of individuals eligible to receive Awards under the Plan, (C) materially increases the benefits accruing to Participants under the Plan, (D) materially reduces the price at which shares of Common Stock may be issued or purchased under the Plan, (E) materially extends the term of the Plan, or (F) materially expands the types of Awards available for issuance under the Plan.      
 2. 

(vii)     To   submit any amendment to the Plan for stockholder approval, including, but not limited to, amendments to the Plan intended to satisfy the requirements of (A) Section 162(m) of the Code regarding the exclusion of performance-based compensation from the limit on corporate deductibility of compensation paid to Covered Employees, (B) Section 422 of the Code regarding incentive stock options or (C) Rule 16b-3.  
 (viii)  To approve forms of Award Agreements for use under the Plan and to amend the terms of any one or more Awards, including, but not limited to, amendments to provide terms more favorable to the Participant than previously provided in the Award Agreement, subject to any specified limits in the Plan that are not subject to Board discretion;   provided however,   that a Participant s rights under any Award will not be impaired by any such amendment unless (A) the Company requests the consent of the affected Participant, and (B) such Participant consents in writing.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, (1) a Participant s rights will not be deemed to have been impaired by any such amendment if the Board, in its sole discretion, determines that the amendment, taken as a whole, does not materially impair the Participant s rights, and (2) subject to the limitations of applicable law, if any, the Board may amend the terms of any one or more Awards without the affected Participant s consent (A) to maintain the qualified status of the Award as an Incentive Stock Option under Section 422 of the Code; (B) to change the terms of an Incentive Stock Option, if such change results in impairment of the Award solely because it impairs the qualified status of the Award as an Incentive Stock Option under Section 422 of the Code; (C) to clarify the manner of exemption from, or to bring the Award into compliance with, Section 409A of the Code; or (D) to comply with other applicable laws or listing requirements.  
 (ix)  Generally, to exercise such powers and to perform such acts as the Board deems necessary or expedient to promote the best interests of the Company and that are not in conflict with the provisions of the Plan or Awards.  
   (x)    To adopt such procedures and sub-plans as are necessary or appropriate to permit participation in the Plan by Employees, Directors or Consultants who are foreign nationals or employed outside the United States (provided that Board approval will not be necessary for immaterial modifications to the Plan or any Award Agreement that are required for compliance with the laws of the relevant foreign jurisdiction).  
   (xi)  To effect, with the consent of any adversely affected Participant, (A) the reduction of the exercise, purchase or strike price of any outstanding Stock Award; (B) the cancellation of any outstanding Stock Award and the grant in substitution therefor of a new (1) Option or SAR, (2) Restricted Stock Award, (3)   Restricted Stock Unit Award, (4) Other Stock Award, (5) cash and/or (6) other valuable consideration determined by the Board, in its sole discretion, with any such substituted award (x) covering the same or a different number of shares of Common Stock as the cancelled Stock Award and (y) granted under the Plan or another equity or compensatory plan of the Company;   or (C) any other action that is treated as a repricing under generally accepted accounting principles.  
 3. 

(c)     Delegation to Committee.  
   (i)  General.    The Board may delegate some or all of the administration of the Plan to a Committee or Committees.  If administration of the Plan is delegated to a Committee, the Committee will have, in connection with the administration of the Plan, the powers theretofore possessed by the Board that have been delegated to the Committee, including the power to delegate to a subcommittee of the Committee any of the administrative powers the Committee is authorized to exercise (and references in this Plan to the Board will thereafter be construed as being to the Committee or subcommittee).  Any delegation of administrative powers will be reflected in resolutions, not inconsistent with the provisions of the Plan, adopted from time to time by the Board or Committee (as applicable).  The Committee may, at any time, abolish the subcommittee and/or revest in the Committee any powers delegated to the subcommittee.  The Board may retain the authority to concurrently administer the Plan with the Committee and may, at any time, revest in the Board some or all of the powers previously delegated.  
   (ii)  Section 162(m) and Rule 16b-3 Compliance.    The Committee may consist solely of two or more Outside Directors, in accordance with Section 162(m) of the Code, or solely of two or more Non-Employee Directors, in accordance with Rule 16b-3.  
   (d)  Delegation to an Officer  .  The Board may delegate to one or more Officers the authority to do one or both of the following: (i) designate Employees who are not Officers to be recipients of Options and SARs (and, to the extent permitted by applicable law, other Stock Awards) and, to the extent permitted by applicable law, the terms of such Awards, and (ii) determine the number of shares of Common Stock to be subject to such Stock Awards granted to such Employees;   provided, however  , that the Board resolutions regarding such delegation will specify the total number of shares of Common Stock that may be subject to the Stock Awards granted by such Officer and that such Officer may not grant a Stock Award to himself or herself.  Any such Stock Awards will be granted on the form of Award Agreement most recently approved for use by the Committee or the Board, unless otherwise provided in the resolutions approving the delegation authority.  The Board may not delegate authority to an Officer who is acting solely in the capacity of an Officer (and not also as a Director) to determine the Fair Market Value pursuant to Section 13(y)(iii) below.  
 (e)  Effect of Board s Decision.   All determinations, interpretations and constructions made by the Board in good faith will not be subject to review by any person and will be final, binding and conclusive on all persons.  
   3.  Shares Subject to the Plan.  
           (a)  Share Reserve.        Subject to Section 9(a) relating to Capitalization Adjustments, and the following sentence regarding the annual increase, the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock that may be issued pursuant to Stock Awards will not exceed 3,893,118 shares (the    Share Reserve   ), which number is the sum of (i) 2,000,000 new shares,   plus   (ii) the number of shares subject to the Prior Plan s Available Reserve, in an amount not to exceed 42,934 shares,   plus   (iii) the number of shares that are Returning Shares, as such shares become available from time to time, in an amount not to exceed 1,850,184 shares.  In addition, the Share   
 4. 

Reserve will automatically increase on January 1   st    of each year, for a period of not more than ten years, commencing on January 1   st    of the year following the year in which the IPO Date occurs and ending on (and including) January 1, 202  5  , in an amount equal to   3  % of the total number of shares of Common Stock outstanding on December 31st of the preceding calendar year.    Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Board may act prior to January 1   st    of a given year to provide that there will be no January 1   st    increase in the Share Reserve for such year or that the increase in the Share Reserve for such year will be a lesser number of shares of Common Stock than would otherwise occur pursuant to the preceding sentence.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Board may act prior to January 1st of a given year to provide that there will be no January 1st increase in the Share Reserve for such year or that the increase in the Share Reserve for such year will be a lesser number of shares of Common Stock than would otherwise occur pursuant to the preceding sentence.  
 For clarity, the Share Reserve in this Section 3(a) is a limitation on the number of shares of Common Stock that may be issued pursuant to the Plan.  Accordingly, this Section 3(a) does not limit the granting of Stock Awards except as provided in Section 7(a).  Shares may be issued in connection with a merger or acquisition as permitted by NASDAQ Listing Rule 5635(c) or, if applicable, NYSE Listed Company Manual Section 303A.08, AMEX Company Guide Section 711 or other applicable rule, and such issuance will not reduce the number of shares available for issuance under the Plan.   
   (b)  Reversion of Shares to the Share Reserve.    If a Stock Award or any portion thereof (i) expires or otherwise terminates without all of the shares covered by such Stock Award having been issued or (ii) is settled in cash (  i.e.  , the Participant receives cash rather than stock), such expiration, termination or settlement will not reduce (or otherwise offset) the number of shares of Common Stock that may be available for issuance under the Plan.  If any shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to a Stock Award are forfeited back to or repurchased by the Company because of the failure to meet a contingency or condition required to vest such shares in the Participant, then the shares that are forfeited or repurchased will revert to and again become available for issuance under the Plan.  Any shares reacquired by the Company in satisfaction of tax withholding obligations on a Stock Award or as consideration for the exercise or purchase price of a Stock Award will again become available for issuance under the Plan.  
   (c)  Incentive Stock Option Limit.    Subject to the Share Reserve and Section 9(a) relating to Capitalization Adjustments, the aggregate maximum number of shares of Common Stock that may be issued pursuant to the exercise of Incentive Stock Options will be 6,000,000 shares of Common Stock.  
     (d)  Section 162(m) Limitations  .  Subject to the Share Reserve and Section 9(a) relating to Capitalization Adjustments, at such time as the Company may be subject to the applicable provisions of Section 162(m) of the Code, the following limitations will apply.  
               (i)      A maximum of   400,000         shares of Common Stock subject to   Options, SARs and Other Stock Awards whose value is determined by reference to an increase over an exercise or strike price of at least 100% of the Fair Market Value on the date any such Stock Award is granted may be granted to any Participant during any calendar year.    
 5. 

(ii)     A maximum of   250,000     shares of Common Stock subject to Performance Stock Awards may be granted to any one Participant during any one calendar year (whether the grant, vesting or exercise is contingent upon the attainment during the Performance Period of the Performance Goals).  
 (iii)  A maximum of $500,000     may be granted as a Performance Cash Award to any one Participant during any one calendar year.  
 If a Performance Stock Award is in the form of an Option, it will count only against the Performance Stock Award limit.  If a Performance Stock Award could be paid out in cash, it will count only against the Performance Stock Award limit. 
 (e)  Limitation on Grants to Non-Employee Directors.    The maximum number of shares of Common Stock subject to Stock Awards granted under the Plan or otherwise during any one fiscal year to any Non-Employee Director, taken together with any cash fees paid by the Company to such Non-Employee Director during such fiscal year for service as a Non-Employee Director, will not exceed $250,000 in total value (calculating the value of any such Stock Awards based on the grant date fair value of such Stock Awards for financial reporting purposes). The Board may make exceptions to the limit in this Section 3(e) for individual Non-Employee Directors in such extraordinary circumstances (for example, to compensate such individual for interim service in the capacity of an officer of the Company) as the Board may determine in its discretion, provided that the Non-Employee Director receiving such additional compensation may not participate in the decision to award such compensation.  
 (f)  Source of Shares.    The stock issuable under the Plan will be shares of authorized but unissued or reacquired Common Stock, including shares repurchased by the Company on the open market or otherwise.  
 4.  Eligibility.  
 (a)  Eligibility for Specific Stock Awards  .  Incentive Stock Options may be granted only to employees of the Company or a  parent corporation  or  subsidiary corporation  thereof (as such terms are defined in Sections 424(e) and 424(f) of the Code).  Stock Awards other than Incentive Stock Options may be granted to Employees, Directors and Consultants; provided, however, that Stock Awards may not be granted to Employees, Directors and Consultants who are providing Continuous Service only to any  parent  of the Company, as such term is defined in Rule 405, unless (i) the stock underlying such Stock Awards is treated as  service recipient stock  under Section 409A of the Code (for example, because the Stock Awards are granted pursuant to a Transaction such as a spin off transaction), (ii) the Company, in consultation with its legal counsel, has determined that such Stock Awards are otherwise exempt from Section 409A of the Code, or (iii) the Company, in consultation with its legal counsel, has determined that such Stock Awards comply with the distribution requirements of Section 409A of the Code.  
   (b)  Ten Percent Stockholders.    A Ten Percent Stockholder will not be granted an Incentive Stock Option unless the exercise price of such Option is at least 110% of the Fair Market Value on the date of grant and the Option is not exercisable after the expiration of five  years from the date of grant.  
 6. 

5.     Provisions Relating to Options and Stock Appreciation Rights.  
 Each Option or SAR will be in such form and will contain such terms and conditions as the Board deems appropriate.  All Options will be separately designated Incentive Stock Options or Nonstatutory Stock Options at the time of grant, and, if certificates are issued, a separate certificate or certificates will be issued for shares of Common Stock purchased on exercise of each type of Option. If an Option is not specifically designated as an Incentive Stock Option, or if an Option is designated as an Incentive Stock Option but some portion or all of the Option fails to qualify as an Incentive Stock Option under the applicable rules, then the Option (or portion thereof) will be a Nonstatutory Stock Option. The provisions of separate Options or SARs need not be identical;  provided, however , that each Award Agreement will conform to (through incorporation of provisions hereof by reference in the applicable Award Agreement or otherwise) the substance of each of the following provisions: 
 (a)  Term.    Subject to the provisions of Section 4(b) regarding Ten Percent Stockholders, no Option or SAR will be exercisable after the expiration of ten years from the date of its grant or such shorter period specified in the Award Agreement.  
 (b)  Exercise Price.    Subject to the provisions of Section 4(b) regarding Ten Percent Stockholders, the exercise or strike price of each Option or SAR will be not less than 100% of the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock subject to the Option or SAR on the date the Award is granted.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, an Option or SAR may be granted with an exercise or strike price lower than 100% of the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock subject to the Award if such Award is granted pursuant to an assumption of or substitution for another option or stock appreciation right pursuant to a Transaction and in a manner consistent with the provisions of Section 409A of the Code and, if applicable, Section 424(a) of the Code.  Each SAR will be denominated in shares of Common Stock equivalents.  
   (c)  Purchase Price for Options.    The purchase price of Common Stock acquired pursuant to the exercise of an Option may be paid, to the extent permitted by applicable law and as determined by the Board in its sole discretion, by any combination of the methods of payment set forth below.  The Board will have the authority to grant Options that do not permit all of the following methods of payment (or otherwise restrict the ability to use certain methods) and to grant Options that require the consent of the Company to use a particular method of payment.  The permitted methods of payment are as follows:  
 (i)  by cash, check, bank draft or money order payable to the Company;  
 (ii)  pursuant to a program developed under Regulation T as promulgated by the Federal Reserve Board that, prior to the issuance of the stock subject to the Option, results in either the receipt of cash (or check) by the Company or the receipt of irrevocable instructions to pay the aggregate exercise price to the Company from the sales proceeds;  
 (iii)  by delivery to the Company (either by actual delivery or attestation) of shares of Common Stock;  
   (iv)    if an Option is a Nonstatutory Stock Option, by a  net exercise  arrangement pursuant to which the Company will reduce the number of shares of Common Stock issuable   
 7. 

upon exercise by the largest whole number of shares with a Fair Market Value that does not exceed the aggregate exercise price;   provided, however  ,   that the Company will accept a cash or other payment from the Participant to the extent of any remaining balance of the aggregate exercise price not satisfied by such reduction in the number of whole shares to be issued.  Shares of Common Stock will no longer be subject to an Option and will not be exercisable thereafter to the extent that (A) shares issuable upon exercise are used to pay the exercise price pursuant to the  net exercise,  (B) shares are delivered to the Participant as a result of such exercise, and (C) shares are withheld to satisfy tax withholding obligations; or  
 (v)  in any other form of legal consideration that may be acceptable to the Board and specified in the applicable Award Agreement.  
       (d)  Exercise and Payment of a SAR.          To exercise any outstanding SAR, the Participant must provide written notice of exercise to the Company in compliance with the provisions of the Award Agreement evidencing such SAR.  The appreciation distribution payable on the exercise of a SAR will be not greater than an amount equal to the excess of (A) the aggregate Fair Market Value (on the date of the exercise of the SAR) of a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the number of Common Stock equivalents in which the Participant is vested under such SAR, and with respect to which the Participant is exercising the SAR on such date, over (B) the aggregate strike price of the number of Common Stock equivalents with respect to which the Participant is exercising the SAR on such date.  The appreciation distribution may be paid in Common Stock, in cash, in any combination of the two or in any other form of consideration, as determined by the Board and contained in the Award Agreement evidencing such SAR.  
 (e)  Transferability of Options and SARs.    The Board may, in its sole discretion, impose such limitations on the transferability of Options and SARs as the Board will determine.  In the absence of such a determination by the Board to the contrary, the following restrictions on the transferability of Options and SARs will apply:  
   (i)  Restrictions on Transfer  .  An Option or SAR will not be transferable except by will or by the laws of descent and distribution (and pursuant to subsections (ii) and (iii) below), and will be exercisable during the lifetime of the Participant only by the Participant.  The Board may permit transfer of the Option or SAR in a manner that is not prohibited by applicable tax and securities laws. Except as explicitly provided herein, neither an Option nor a SAR may be transferred for consideration.   
 (ii)  Domestic Relations Orders  .  Subject to the approval of the Board or a duly authorized Officer, an Option or SAR may be transferred pursuant to the terms of a domestic relations order, official marital settlement agreement or other divorce or separation instrument as permitted by Treasury Regulation 1.421-1(b)(2).  If an Option is an Incentive Stock Option, such Option may be deemed to be a Nonstatutory Stock Option as a result of such transfer.   
 (iii)  Beneficiary Designation  .  Subject to the approval of the Board or a duly authorized Officer, a Participant may, by delivering written notice to the Company, in a form approved by the Company (or the designated broker), designate a third party who, upon the death of the Participant, will thereafter be entitled to exercise the Option or SAR and receive the Common Stock or other consideration resulting from such exercise.  In the absence of such a   
 8. 

designation, upon the death or the Participant, the executor or administrator of the Participant s estate will be entitled to exercise the Option or SAR and receive the Common Stock or other consideration resulting from such exercise. However, the Company may prohibit designation of a beneficiary at any time, including due to any conclusion by the Company that such designation would be inconsistent with the provisions of applicable laws.  
 (f)  Vesting Generally.    The total number of shares of Common Stock subject to an Option or SAR may vest and therefore become exercisable in periodic installments that may or may not be equal.  The Option or SAR may be subject to such other terms and conditions on the time or times when it may or may not be exercised (which may be based on the satisfaction of Performance Goals or other criteria) as the Board may deem appropriate.  The vesting provisions of individual Options or SARs may vary.  The provisions of this Section 5(f) are subject to any Option or SAR provisions governing the minimum number of shares of Common Stock as to which an Option or SAR may be exercised.  
 (g)  Termination of Continuous Service.      Except as otherwise provided in the applicable Award Agreement or other agreement between the Participant and the Company, if a Participant s Continuous Service terminates (other than for Cause and other than upon the Participant s death or Disability), the Participant may exercise his or her Option or SAR (to the extent that the Participant was entitled to exercise such Award as of the date of termination of Continuous Service) within the period of time ending on the earlier of (i) the date three months following the termination of the Participant s Continuous Service (or such longer or shorter period specified in the applicable Award Agreement) and (ii) the expiration of the term of the Option or SAR as set forth in the Award Agreement.  If, after termination of Continuous Service, the Participant does not exercise his or her Option or SAR (as applicable) within the applicable time frame, the Option or SAR will terminate.  
       (h) Extension of Termination Date.   Except as otherwise provided in the applicable Award Agreement or other agreement between the Participant and the Company,   if     the exercise of an Option or SAR following the termination of the Participant s Continuous Service (other than for Cause and other than upon the Participant s death or Disability) would be prohibited at any time solely because the issuance of shares of Common Stock would violate the registration requirements under the Securities Act, then the Option or SAR will terminate on the earlier of (i) the expiration of a total period of time (that need not be consecutive) equal to the applicable post termination exercise period after the termination of the Participant s Continuous Service during which the exercise of the Option or SAR would not be in violation of such registration requirements, and (ii) the expiration of the term of the Option or SAR as set forth in the applicable Award Agreement.  In addition, unless otherwise provided in a Participant s Award Agreement, if the sale of any Common Stock received on exercise of an Option or SAR following the termination of the Participant s Continuous Service (other than for Cause) would violate the Company s insider trading policy, then the Option or SAR will terminate on the earlier of (i) the expiration of a period of months (that need not be consecutive) equal to the applicable post-termination exercise period after the termination of the Participant s Continuous Service during which the sale of the Common Stock received upon exercise of the Option or SAR would not be in violation of the Company s insider trading policy, or (ii) the expiration of the term of the Option or SAR as set forth in the applicable Award Agreement.  
 9. 

(i)     Disability of Participant.    Except as otherwise provided in the applicable Award Agreement or other agreement between the Participant and the Company, if a Participant s Continuous Service terminates as a result of the Participant s Disability, the Participant may exercise his or her Option or SAR (to the extent that the Participant was entitled to exercise such Option or SAR as of the date of termination of Continuous Service), but only within such period of time ending on the earlier of (i) the date 12 months following such termination of Continuous Service (or such longer or shorter period specified in the Award Agreement) and (ii) the expiration of the term of the Option or SAR as set forth in the Award Agreement.  If, after termination of Continuous Service, the Participant does not exercise his or her Option or SAR within the applicable time frame, the Option or SAR (as applicable) will terminate.  
     (j) Death of Participant.     Except as otherwise provided in the applicable Award Agreement or other agreement between the Participant and the Company, if (i) a Participant s Continuous Service terminates as a result of the Participant s death, or (ii) the Participant dies within the period (if any) specified in the Award Agreement for exercisability after the termination of the Participant s Continuous Service for a reason other than death, then the Option or SAR may be exercised (to the extent the Participant was entitled to exercise such Option or SAR as of the date of death) by the Participant s estate, by a person who acquired the right to exercise the Option or SAR by bequest or inheritance or by a person designated to exercise the Option or SAR upon the Participant s death, but only within the period ending on the earlier of (i) the date 18 months following the date of death (or such longer or shorter period specified in the Award Agreement) and (ii) the expiration of the term of such Option or SAR as set forth in the Award Agreement.  If, after the Participant s death, the Option or SAR is not exercised within the applicable time frame, the Option or SAR (as applicable) will terminate  .  
     (k)  Termination for Cause.    Except as explicitly provided otherwise in a Participant s Award Agreement or other individual written agreement between the Company or any Affiliate and the Participant, if a Participant s Continuous Service is terminated for Cause, the Option or SAR will terminate immediately upon such Participant s termination of Continuous Service, and the Participant will be prohibited from exercising his or her Option or SAR from and after the time of such termination of Continuous Service.  If a Participant s Continuous Service is suspended pending an investigation of the existence of Cause, all of the Participant s rights under the Option or SAR will also be suspended during the investigation period.  
 (l)  Non-Exempt Employees  .  If an Option or SAR is granted to an Employee who is a non-exempt employee for purposes of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, as amended, the Option or SAR will not be first exercisable for any shares of Common Stock until at least six  months following the date of grant of the Option or SAR (although the Award may vest prior to such date). Consistent with the provisions of the Worker Economic Opportunity Act, (i) if such non-exempt Employee dies or suffers a Disability, (ii) upon a Corporate Transaction in which such Option or SAR is not assumed, continued, or substituted, (iii) upon a Change in Control, or (iv) upon the Participant s retirement (as such term may be defined in the Participant s Award Agreement, in another agreement between the Participant and the Company, or, if no such definition, in accordance with the Company's then current employment policies and guidelines), the vested portion of any Options and SARs may be exercised earlier than six months following the date of grant.  The foregoing provision is intended to operate so that any income derived by a non-exempt employee in connection with the exercise or vesting of an   
 10. 

Option or SAR will be exempt from his or her regular rate of pay. To the extent permitted and/or required for compliance with the Worker Economic Opportunity Act to ensure that any income derived by a non-exempt employee in connection with the exercise, vesting or issuance of any shares under any other Stock Award will be exempt from the employee s regular rate of pay, the provisions of this Section 5(l) will apply to all Stock Awards and are hereby incorporated by reference into such Stock Award Agreements.      
     6.  Provisions of Stock Awards Other than Options and SARs.  
     (a)  Restricted Stock Awards.    Each Restricted Stock Award Agreement will be in such form and will contain such terms and conditions as the Board deems appropriate.  To the extent consistent with the Company s bylaws, at the Board s election, shares of Common Stock may be (i) held in book entry form subject to the Company s instructions until any restrictions relating to the Restricted Stock Award lapse; or (ii) evidenced by a certificate, which certificate will be held in such form and manner as determined by the Board.  The terms and conditions of Restricted Stock Award Agreements may change from time to time, and the terms and conditions of separate Restricted Stock Award Agreements need not be identical.      Each Restricted Stock Award Agreement will conform to (through incorporation of the provisions hereof by reference in the agreement or otherwise) the substance of each of the following provisions:  
 (i)  Consideration.    A Restricted Stock Award may be awarded in consideration for (A) cash, check, bank draft or money order payable to the Company, (B) past services to the Company or an Affiliate, or (C) any other form of legal consideration (including future services) that may be acceptable to the Board, in its sole discretion, and permissible under applicable law.  
 (ii)  Vesting.    Shares of Common Stock awarded under the Restricted Stock Award Agreement may be subject to forfeiture to the Company in accordance with a vesting schedule to be determined by the Board.  
 (iii)  Termination of Participant s Continuous Service.    If a Participant s Continuous Service terminates, the Company may receive through a forfeiture condition or a repurchase right any or all of the shares of Common Stock held by the Participant that have not vested as of the date of termination of Continuous Service under the terms of the Restricted Stock Award Agreement.  
 (iv)  Transferability.    Rights to acquire shares of Common Stock under the Restricted Stock Award Agreement will be transferable by the Participant only upon such terms and conditions as are set forth in the Restricted Stock Award Agreement, as the Board will determine in its sole discretion, so long as Common Stock awarded under the Restricted Stock Award Agreement remains subject to the terms of the Restricted Stock Award Agreement.  
 (v)  Dividends.    A Restricted Stock Award Agreement may provide that any dividends paid on Restricted Stock will be subject to the same vesting and forfeiture restrictions as apply to the shares subject to the Restricted Stock Award to which they relate.  
   (b)  Restricted Stock Unit Awards.    Each Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement will be in such form and will contain such terms and conditions as the Board deems appropriate.  The terms and conditions of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreements may change from time to time,   
 11. 

and the terms and conditions of separate Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreements need not be identical.  Each Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement will conform to (through incorporation of the provisions hereof by reference in the Agreement or otherwise) the substance of each of the following provisions:  
   (i)  Consideration.    At the time of grant of a Restricted Stock Unit Award, the Board will determine the consideration, if any, to be paid by the Participant upon delivery of each share of Common Stock subject to the Restricted Stock Unit Award. The consideration to be paid (if any) by the Participant for each share of Common Stock subject to a Restricted Stock Unit Award may be paid in any form of legal consideration that may be acceptable to the Board, in its sole discretion, and permissible under applicable law.  
   (ii)  Vesting.    At the time of the grant of a Restricted Stock Unit Award, the Board may impose such restrictions on or conditions to the vesting of the Restricted Stock Unit Award as it, in its sole discretion, deems appropriate.  
   (iii)  Payment  .  A Restricted Stock Unit Award may be settled by the delivery of shares of Common Stock, their cash equivalent, any combination thereof or in any other form of consideration, as determined by the Board and contained in the Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement.  
   (iv)  Additional Restrictions.    At the time of the grant of a Restricted Stock Unit Award, the Board, as it deems appropriate, may impose such restrictions or conditions that delay the delivery of the shares of Common Stock (or their cash equivalent) subject to a Restricted Stock Unit Award to a time after the vesting of such Restricted Stock Unit Award.  
   (v)  Dividend Equivalents.    Dividend equivalents may be credited in respect of shares of Common Stock covered by a Restricted Stock Unit Award, as determined by the Board and contained in the Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement.  At the sole discretion of the Board, such dividend equivalents may be converted into additional shares of Common Stock covered by the Restricted Stock Unit Award in such manner as determined by the Board.  Any additional shares covered by the Restricted Stock Unit Award credited by reason of such dividend equivalents will be subject to all of the same terms and conditions of the underlying Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement to which they relate.  
   (vi)  Termination of Participant s Continuous Service.    Except as otherwise provided in the applicable Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement, such portion of the Restricted Stock Unit Award that has not vested will be forfeited upon the Participant s termination of Continuous Service.  
       (c)  Performance Awards  .  
     (i)  Performance Stock Awards  .  A Performance Stock Award is a Stock Award (covering a number of shares not in excess of that set forth in Section 3(d)(ii) above) that is payable (including that may be granted, vest or exercised) contingent upon the attainment during a Performance Period of certain Performance Goals.  A Performance Stock Award may, but need not, require the completion of a specified period of Continuous Service. The length of any Performance Period, the Performance Goals to be achieved during the Performance Period, and   
 12. 

the measure of whether and to what degree such Performance Goals have been attained will be conclusively determined by the Committee (or, if not required for compliance with Section 162(m) of the Code, the Board), in its sole discretion.  In addition, to the extent permitted by applicable law and the applicable Award Agreement, the Board may determine that cash may be used in payment of Performance Stock Awards.   
 (ii)  Performance Cash Awards  .  A Performance Cash Award is a cash award (for a dollar value not in excess of that set forth in Section 3(d)(iii) above) that is payable contingent upon the attainment during a Performance Period of certain Performance Goals.  A Performance Cash Award may also require the completion of a specified period of Continuous Service.  At the time of grant of a Performance Cash Award, the length of any Performance Period, the Performance Goals to be achieved during the Performance Period, and the measure of whether and to what degree such Performance Goals have been attained will be conclusively determined by the Committee (or, if not required for compliance with Section 162(m) of the Code, the Board), in its sole discretion.  The Board may specify the form of payment of Performance Cash Awards, which may be cash or other property, or may provide for a Participant to have the option for his or her Performance Cash Award, or such portion thereof as the Board may specify, to be paid in whole or in part in cash or other property.   
 (iii)  Board Discretion  .  The Board retains the discretion to reduce or eliminate the compensation or economic benefit due upon attainment of Performance Goals and to define the manner of calculating the Performance Criteria it selects to use for a Performance Period.    
 (iv)  Section 162(m) Compliance  .  Unless otherwise permitted in compliance with the requirements of Section 162(m) of the Code with respect to an Award intended to qualify as  performance-based compensation  thereunder, the Committee will establish the Performance Goals applicable to, and the formula for calculating the amount payable under, the Award no later than the earlier of (A) the date 90 days after the commencement of the applicable Performance Period, and (B) the date on which 25% of the Performance Period has elapsed, and in any event at a time when the achievement of the applicable Performance Goals remains substantially uncertain.  Prior to the payment of any compensation under an Award intended to qualify as  performance-based compensation  under Section 162(m) of the Code, the Committee will certify the extent to which any Performance Goals and any other material terms under such Award have been satisfied (other than in cases where the Performance Goals relate solely to the increase in the value of the Common Stock). Notwithstanding satisfaction of any completion of any Performance Goals, the number of shares of Common Stock, Options, cash or other benefits granted, issued, retainable and/or vested under an Award on account of satisfaction of such Performance Goals may be reduced by the Committee on the basis of such further considerations as the Committee, in its sole discretion, will determine.  
   (d)  Other Stock Awards  .  Other forms of Stock Awards valued in whole or in part by reference to, or otherwise based on, Common Stock, including the appreciation in value thereof (e.g., options or stock rights with an exercise price or strike price less than 100% of the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock at the time of grant) may be granted either alone or in addition to Stock Awards provided for under Section 5 and the preceding provisions of this Section 6.  Subject to the provisions of the Plan, the Board will have sole and complete authority to determine the persons to whom and the time or times at which such Other Stock Awards will   
 13. 

be granted, the number of shares of Common Stock (or the cash equivalent thereof) to be granted pursuant to such Other Stock Awards and all other terms and conditions of such Other Stock Awards.  
 7.  Covenants of the Company.  
   (a)  Availability of Shares.    The Company will keep available at all times the number of shares of Common Stock reasonably required to satisfy then-outstanding Stock Awards.  
 (b)  Securities Law Compliance.    The Company will seek to obtain from each regulatory commission or agency having jurisdiction over the Plan such authority as may be required to grant Stock Awards and to issue and sell shares of Common Stock upon exercise or vesting of the Stock Awards;   provided, however  , that this undertaking will not require the Company to register under the Securities Act or other applicable law the Plan, any Stock Award or any Common Stock issued or issuable pursuant to any such Stock Award.  If, after reasonable efforts and at a reasonable cost, the Company is unable to obtain from any such regulatory commission or agency the authority that counsel for the Company deems necessary for the lawful issuance and sale of Common Stock under the Plan, the Company will be relieved from any liability for failure to issue and sell Common Stock upon exercise of such Stock Awards unless and until such authority is obtained. A Participant will not be eligible for the grant of an Award or the subsequent issuance of cash or Common Stock pursuant to the Award if such grant or issuance would be in violation of any applicable securities law.  
 (c)  No Obligation to Notify or Minimize Taxes.    The Company will have no duty or obligation to any Participant to advise such holder as to the time or manner of exercising such Stock Award.  Furthermore, the Company will have no duty or obligation to warn or otherwise advise such holder of a pending termination or expiration of an Award or a possible period in which the Award may not be exercised.  The Company has no duty or obligation to minimize the tax consequences of an Award to the holder of such Award.  
 8.  Miscellaneous.  
 (a)  Use of Proceeds from Sales of Common Stock.    Proceeds from the sale of shares of Common Stock pursuant to Stock Awards will constitute general funds of the Company.  
 (b)  Corporate Action Constituting Grant of Awards.    Corporate action constituting a grant by the Company of an Award to any Participant will be deemed completed as of the date of such corporate action, unless otherwise determined by the Board, regardless of when the instrument, certificate, or letter evidencing the Award is communicated to, or actually received or accepted by, the Participant.  In the event that the corporate records (e.g., Board consents, resolutions or minutes) documenting the corporate action constituting the grant contain terms (e.g., exercise price, vesting schedule or number of shares) that are inconsistent with those in the Award Agreement or related grant documents as a result of a clerical error in the papering of the Award Agreement or related grant documents, the corporate records will control and the Participant will have no legally binding right to the incorrect term in the Award Agreement or related grant documents.    
 14. 

(c)     Stockholder Rights.    No Participant will be deemed to be the holder of, or to have any of the rights of a holder with respect to, any shares of Common Stock subject to an Award unless and until (i) such Participant has satisfied all requirements for exercise of, or the issuance of shares of Common Stock under, the Award pursuant to its terms, and (ii) the issuance of the Common Stock subject to such Award has been entered into the books and records of the Company.  
 (d)  No Employment or Other Service Rights.    Nothing in the Plan, any Award Agreement or any other instrument executed thereunder or in connection with any Award granted pursuant thereto will confer upon any Participant any right to continue to serve the Company or an Affiliate in the capacity in effect at the time the Award was granted or will affect the right of the Company or an Affiliate to terminate (i) the employment of an Employee with or without notice and with or without cause, (ii) the service of a Consultant pursuant to the terms of such Consultant s agreement with the Company or an Affiliate, or (iii) the service of a Director pursuant to the bylaws of the Company or an Affiliate, and any applicable provisions of the corporate law of the state or foreign jurisdiction in which the Company or the Affiliate is domiciled or incorporated, as the case may be.  
 (e)  Change in Time Commitment  .  In the event a Participant s regular level of time commitment in the performance of his or her services for the Company and any Affiliates is reduced (for example, and without limitation, if the Participant is an Employee of the Company and the Employee has a change in status from a full-time Employee to a part-time Employee  or takes an extended leave of absence) after the date of grant of any Award to the Participant, the Board has the right in its sole discretion to (x) make a corresponding reduction in the number of shares or cash amount subject to any portion of such Award that is scheduled to vest or become payable after the date of such change in time commitment, and (y) in lieu of or in combination with such a reduction, extend the vesting or payment schedule applicable to such Award. In the event of any such reduction, the Participant will have no right with respect to any portion of the Award that is so reduced or extended.  
 (f)  Incentive Stock Option Limitations.    To the extent that the aggregate Fair Market Value (determined at the time of grant) of Common Stock with respect to which Incentive Stock Options are exercisable for the first time by any Optionholder during any calendar year (under all plans of the Company and any Affiliates) exceeds $100,000 (or such other limit established in the Code) or otherwise does not comply with the rules governing Incentive Stock Options, the Options or portions thereof that exceed such limit (according to the order in which they were granted) or otherwise do not comply with such rules will be treated as Nonstatutory Stock Options, notwithstanding any contrary provision of the applicable Option Agreement(s).  
 (g)  Investment Assurances.    The Company may require a Participant, as a condition of exercising or acquiring Common Stock under any Award, (i) to give written assurances satisfactory to the Company as to the Participant s knowledge and experience in financial and business matters and/or to employ a purchaser representative reasonably satisfactory to the Company who is knowledgeable and experienced in financial and business matters and that he or she is capable of evaluating, alone or together with the purchaser representative, the merits and risks of exercising the Award; and (ii) to give written assurances satisfactory to the Company stating that the Participant is acquiring Common Stock subject to the Award for the Participant s   
 15. 

own account and not with any present intention of selling or otherwise distributing the Common Stock.  The foregoing requirements, and any assurances given pursuant to such requirements, will be inoperative if (A) the issuance of the shares upon the exercise or acquisition of Common Stock under the Stock Award has been registered under a then currently effective registration statement under the Securities Act, or (B) as to any particular requirement, a determination is made by counsel for the Company that such requirement need not be met in the circumstances under the then applicable securities laws.  The Company may, upon advice of counsel to the Company, place legends on stock certificates issued under the Plan as such counsel deems necessary or appropriate in order to comply with applicable securities laws, including, but not limited to, legends restricting the transfer of the Common Stock.  
   (h)  Withholding Obligations.    Unless prohibited by the terms of an Award Agreement, the Company may, in its sole discretion, satisfy any federal, state or local tax withholding obligation relating to an Award by any of the following means  or by a combination of such means: (i) causing the Participant to tender a cash payment; (ii)  withholding shares of Common Stock from the shares of Common Stock issued or otherwise issuable to the Participant in connection with the Stock Award;   provided, however,   that no shares of Common Stock are withheld with a value exceeding the minimum amount of tax required to be withheld by law (or such lesser amount as may be necessary to avoid classification of the Stock Award as a liability for financial accounting purposes); (iii) withholding cash from an Award settled in cash; (iv) withholding payment from any amounts otherwise payable to the Participant; or (v) by such other method as may be set forth in the Award Agreement.  
 (i)  Electronic Delivery  .  Any reference herein to a  written  agreement or document will include any agreement or document delivered electronically, filed publicly at   www.sec.gov   (or any successor website thereto) or posted on the Company s intranet (or other shared electronic medium controlled by the Company to which the Participant has access).  
 (j)  Deferrals.    To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Board, in its sole discretion, may determine that the delivery of Common Stock or the payment of cash, upon the exercise, vesting or settlement of all or a portion of any Award may be deferred and may establish programs and procedures for deferral elections to be made by Participants.  Deferrals by Participants will be made in accordance with Section 409A of the Code. Consistent with Section 409A of the Code, the Board may provide for distributions while a Participant is still an employee or otherwise providing services to the Company.  The Board is authorized to make deferrals of Awards and determine when, and in what annual percentages, Participants may receive payments, including lump sum payments, following the Participant s termination of Continuous Service, and implement such other terms and conditions consistent with the provisions of the Plan and in accordance with applicable law.  
 (k)  Clawback/Recovery  .  All Awards granted under the Plan will be subject to recoupment in accordance with any clawback policy that the Company is required to adopt pursuant to the listing standards of any national securities exchange or association on which the Company s securities are listed or as is otherwise required by the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act or other applicable law. In addition, the Board may impose such other clawback, recovery or recoupment provisions in an Award Agreement as the Board determines necessary or appropriate, including but not limited to a reacquisition right in respect   
 16. 

of previously acquired shares of Common Stock or other cash or property upon the occurrence of Cause  . No recovery of compensation under such a clawback policy will be an event giving rise to a right to voluntary terminate employment upon a  resignation for good reason,  or for a  constructive termination  or any similar term under any plan of or agreement with the Company.  
 (l)  Compliance with Section 409A.    Unless otherwise expressly provided for in an Award Agreement, the Plan and Award Agreements will be interpreted to the greatest extent possible in a manner that makes the Plan and the Awards granted hereunder exempt from Section 409A of the Code, and, to the extent not so exempt, in compliance with Section 409A of the Code. If the Board determines that any Award granted hereunder is not exempt from and is therefore subject to Section 409A of the Code, the Award Agreement evidencing such Award will incorporate the terms and conditions necessary to avoid the consequences specified in Section 409A(a)(1) of the Code, and to the extent an Award Agreement is silent on terms necessary for compliance, such terms are hereby incorporated by reference into the Award Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Plan (and unless the Award Agreement specifically provides otherwise), if the shares of Common Stock are publicly traded, and if a Participant holding an Award that constitutes  deferred compensation  under Section 409A of the Code is a  specified employee  for purposes of Section 409A of the Code, no distribution or payment of any amount that is due because of a  separation from service  (as defined in Section 409A of the Code without regard to alternative definitions thereunder) will be issued or paid before the date that is six months following the date of such Participant s  separation from service  or, if earlier, the date of the Participant s death, unless such distribution or payment can be made in a manner that complies with Section 409A of the Code, and any amounts so deferred will be paid in a lump sum on the day after such six month period elapses, with the balance paid thereafter on the original schedule.  
 9.  Adjustments upon Changes in Common Stock; Other Corporate Events.  
     (a)  Capitalization Adjustments  .  In the event of a Capitalization Adjustment, the Board will appropriately and proportionately adjust: (i) the class(es) and maximum number of securities subject to the Plan pursuant to Section 3(a), (ii) the class(es) and maximum number of securities that may be issued pursuant to the exercise of Incentive Stock Options pursuant to Section 3(c), (iii) the class(es) and maximum number of securities that may be awarded to any person pursuant to Sections 3(d), and (iv) the class(es) and number of securities and price per share of stock subject to outstanding Stock Awards.  The Board will make such adjustments, and its determination will be final, binding and conclusive.  
 (b)  Dissolution  .  Except as otherwise provided in the Stock Award Agreement, in the event of a Dissolution of the Company, all outstanding Stock Awards (other than Stock Awards consisting of vested and outstanding shares of Common Stock not subject to a forfeiture condition or the Company s right of repurchase) will terminate immediately prior to the completion of such Dissolution, and the shares of Common Stock subject to the Company s repurchase rights or subject to a forfeiture condition may be repurchased or reacquired by the Company notwithstanding the fact that the holder of such Stock Award is providing Continuous Service;   provided, however,   that the Board may, in its sole discretion, cause some or all Stock Awards to become fully vested, exercisable and/or no longer subject to repurchase or forfeiture   
 17. 

(to the extent such Stock Awards have not previously expired or terminated) before the Dissolution is completed but contingent on its completion.  
 (c)  Transactions.    The following provisions will apply to Stock Awards in the event of a Transaction unless otherwise provided in the Stock Award Agreement or any other written agreement between the Company or any Affiliate and the Participant or unless otherwise expressly provided by the Board at the time of grant of a Stock Award.  In the event of a Transaction, then, notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, the Board may take one or more of the following actions with respect to Stock Awards, contingent upon the closing or completion of the Transaction:  
 (i)  arrange for the surviving corporation or acquiring corporation (or the surviving or acquiring corporation s parent company) to assume or continue the Stock Award or to substitute a similar stock award for the Stock Award (including, but not limited to, an award to acquire the same consideration paid to the stockholders of the Company pursuant to the Transaction);  
 (ii)  arrange for the assignment of any reacquisition or repurchase rights held by the Company in respect of Common Stock issued pursuant to the Stock Award to the surviving corporation or acquiring corporation (or the surviving or acquiring corporation s parent company);  
   (iii)  accelerate the vesting, in whole or in part, of the Stock Award (and, if applicable, the time at which the Stock Award may be exercised) to a date prior to the effective time of such Transaction as the Board determines (or, if the Board does not determine such a date, to the date that is five days prior to the effective date of the Transaction), with such Stock Award terminating if not exercised (if applicable) at or prior to the effective time of the Transaction;   provided, however    , that the Board may require Participants to complete and deliver to the Company a notice of exercise before the effective date of a Transaction, which exercise is contingent upon the effectiveness of such Transaction;  
 (iv)  arrange for the lapse, in whole or in part, of any reacquisition or repurchase rights held by the Company with respect to the Stock Award;  
 (v)  cancel or arrange for the cancellation of the Stock Award, to the extent not vested or not exercised prior to the effective time of the Transaction, in exchange for such cash consideration or no consideration as the Board, in its sole discretion, may consider appropriate; and  
 (vi)  make a payment, in such form as may be determined by the Board equal to the excess, if any, of (A) the value of the property the Participant would have received upon the exercise of the Stock Award immediately prior to the effective time of the Transaction, over (B) any exercise price payable by such holder in connection with such exercise.     For clarity, this payment may be zero ($0) if the value of the property is equal to or less than the exercise price. Payments under this provision may be delayed to the same extent that payment of consideration to the holders of Common Stock in connection with the Transaction is delayed as a result of escrows, earn outs, holdbacks or any other contingencies.  
 18. 

The Board need not take the same action or actions with respect to all Stock Awards or portions thereof or with respect to all Participants.  The Board may take different actions with respect to the vested and unvested portions of a Stock Award.    
 (d)  Change in Control.    A Stock Award may be subject to additional acceleration of vesting and exercisability upon or after a Change in Control as may be provided in the Stock Award Agreement for such Stock Award or as may be provided in any other written agreement between the Company or any Affiliate and the Participant, but in the absence of such provision, no such acceleration will occur.  
   10.  Termination or Suspension of the Plan.  
 (a)  The Board may suspend or terminate the Plan at any time.  No Incentive Stock Option will be granted after the tenth anniversary of the earlier of (i) the Adoption Date, or (ii) the date the Plan is approved by the stockholders of the Company.  No Awards may be granted under the Plan while the Plan is suspended or after it is terminated.  
 (b)  No Impairment of Rights.    Suspension or termination of the Plan will not impair rights and obligations under any Award granted while the Plan is in effect except with the written consent of the affected Participant or as otherwise permitted in the Plan.  
   11.  Effective Date of Plan.  
 The Plan will come into existence on the Adoption Date; provided, however, no Award may be granted prior to the IPO Date (that is, the Effective Date).  In addition, no Stock Award will be exercised (or, in the case of a Restricted Stock Award, Restricted Stock Unit Award, Performance Stock Award, or Other Stock Award, will be granted) and no Performance Cash Award will be settled unless and until the Plan has been approved by the stockholders of the Company, which approval will be within 12 months after the date the Plan is adopted by the Board. 
 12.  Choice of Law.  
 The laws of the State of Delaware will govern all questions concerning the construction, validity and interpretation of this Plan, without regard to that state s conflict of laws rules. 
 13.  Definitions.    As used in the Plan, the following definitions will apply to the capitalized terms indicated below:  
 (a)     Adoption Date    means the date the Plan is adopted by the Board.  
 (b)     Affiliate    means, at the time of determination, any  parent  or  subsidiary  of the Company as such terms are defined in Rule 405.  The Board will have the authority to determine the time or times at which  parent  or  subsidiary  status is determined within the foregoing definition.  
 (c)     Award    means a Stock Award or a Performance Cash Award.  
 19. 

(d)        Award Agreement    means a written agreement between the Company and a Participant evidencing the terms and conditions of an Award.  
 (e)     Board    means the Board of Directors of the Company.  
   (f)     Capitalization Adjustment      means any change that is made in, or other events that occur with respect to, the Common Stock subject to the Plan or subject to any Stock Award after the Effective Date without the receipt of consideration by the Company through merger, consolidation, reorganization, recapitalization, reincorporation, stock dividend, dividend in property other than cash, large nonrecurring cash dividend, stock split, reverse stock split, liquidating dividend, combination of shares, exchange of shares, change in corporate structure or any similar equity restructuring transaction, as that term is used in Statement of Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718 (or any successor thereto).  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the conversion of any convertible securities of the Company will not be treated as a Capitalization Adjustment.  
 (g)     Cause        will have the meaning ascribed to such term in any written agreement between the Participant and the Company defining such term and, in the absence of such agreement, such term means, with respect to a Participant, the occurrence of any of the following events: (i) such Participant s commission of any act constituting financial dishonesty against the Company or its Subsidiaries (which act would be chargeable as a crime under applicable law); (ii) such Participant s engaging in any other act of dishonesty, fraud, intentional misrepresentation, moral turpitude, illegality or harassment which, as determined in good faith by the Board, would: (A) materially adversely affect the business or the reputation of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries with their respective current or prospective customers, suppliers, lenders and/or other third parties with whom such entity does or might do business; or (B) expose the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to a risk of civil or criminal legal damages, liabilities or penalties; (iii) such Participant s repeated failure to follow the directives of the Company s chief executive officer or the Board, (iv) such Participant s material misconduct, violation of the Company s or Subsidiaries  policies, or willful and deliberate non-performance of duty in connection with the business affairs of the Company or its Subsidiaries or (v) such Participant s material breach of any agreement between the Participant and the Company.  Any determination by the Company that the Continuous Service of a Participant was terminated with or without Cause for the purposes of outstanding Awards held by such Participant will have no effect upon any determination of the rights or obligations of the Company or such Participant for any other purpose.  
 (h)      Change in Control    means the occurrence, in a single transaction or in a series of related transactions, of any one or more of the following events:  
 (i)  any Exchange Act Person becomes the Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing more than 50% of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities other than by virtue of a merger, consolidation or similar transaction.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Change in Control will not be deemed to occur (A) on account of the acquisition of securities of the Company directly from the Company, (B) on account of the acquisition of securities of the Company by an investor, any affiliate thereof or any other Exchange Act Person that acquires the Company s securities in a transaction or series   
 20. 

of related transactions the primary purpose of which is to obtain financing for the Company through the issuance of equity securities, (C) on account of the acquisition of securities of the Company by any individual who is, on the IPO Date, either an executive officer or a Director (either, an    IPO Investor   ) and/or any entity in which an IPO Investor has a direct or indirect interest (whether in the form of voting rights or participation in profits or capital contributions) of more than 50% (collectively, the    IPO Entities   ) or on account of the IPO Entities continuing to hold shares that come to represent more than 50% of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities as a result of the conversion of any class of the Company s securities into another class of the Company s securities having a different number of votes per share   pursuant to the conversion provisions set forth in the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation  ; or (D) solely because the level of Ownership held by any Exchange Act Person (the    Subject Person   ) exceeds the designated percentage threshold of the outstanding voting securities as a result of a repurchase or other acquisition of voting securities by the Company reducing the number of shares outstanding, provided that if a Change in Control would occur (but for the operation of this sentence) as a result of the acquisition of voting securities by the Company, and after such share acquisition, the Subject Person becomes the Owner of any additional voting securities that, assuming the repurchase or other acquisition had not occurred, increases the percentage of the then outstanding voting securities Owned by the Subject Person over the designated percentage threshold, then a Change in Control will be deemed to occur;  
 (ii)  there is consummated a merger, consolidation or similar transaction involving (directly or indirectly) the Company and, immediately after the consummation of such merger, consolidation or similar transaction, the stockholders of the Company immediately prior thereto do not Own, directly or indirectly, either (A) outstanding voting securities representing more than 50% of the combined outstanding voting power of the surviving Entity in such merger, consolidation or similar transaction or (B) more than 50% of the combined outstanding voting power of the parent of the surviving Entity in such merger, consolidation or similar transaction,   in each case in substantially the same proportions as their Ownership of the outstanding voting securities of the Company immediately prior to such transaction;   provided, however  , that a merger, consolidation or similar transaction will not constitute a Change in Control under this prong of the definition if the outstanding voting securities representing more than 50% of the combined voting power of the surviving Entity or its parent are owned by the IPO Entities;  
 (iii)  there is consummated a sale, lease, exclusive license or other disposition of all or substantially all of the consolidated assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries, other than a sale, lease, license or other disposition of all or substantially all of the consolidated assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries to an Entity, more than 50% of the combined voting power of the voting securities of which are Owned by stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their Ownership of the outstanding voting securities of the Company immediately prior to such sale, lease, license or other disposition  ;   provided, however  , that a   sale, lease, exclusive license or other disposition of all or substantially all of the consolidated assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries   will not constitute a Change in Control under this prong of the definition if the outstanding voting securities representing more than 50% of the combined voting power of the acquiring Entity or its parent are owned by the IPO Entities  ; or  
 21. 

(iv)     individuals who, on the date the Plan is adopted by the Board, are members of the Board (the    Incumbent Board   ) cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the members of the Board;   provided, however  , that if the appointment or election (or nomination for election) of any new Board member was approved or recommended by a majority vote of the members of the Incumbent Board then still in office, such new member will, for purposes of this Plan, be considered as a member of the Incumbent Board.  
 Notwithstanding the foregoing or any other provision of this Plan, (A) the term Change in Control will not include a sale of assets, merger or other transaction effected exclusively for the purpose of changing the domicile of the Company, and (B) the definition of Change in Control (or any analogous term) in an individual written agreement between the Company or any Affiliate and the Participant will supersede the foregoing definition with respect to Awards subject to such agreement;  provided, however , that if no definition of Change in Control or any analogous term is set forth in such an individual written agreement, the foregoing definition will apply. To the extent required for compliance with Section 409A of the Code, in no event will a Change in Control be deemed to have occurred if such transaction is not also a  change in the ownership or effective control of  the Company or  a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of  the Company as determined under Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-3(i)(5) (without regard to any alternative definition thereunder).  The Board may, in its sole discretion and without a Participant s consent, amend the definition of  Change in Control  to conform to the definition of  Change in Control  under Section 409A of the Code, and the regulations thereunder.  
 (i)     Code    means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, including any applicable regulations and guidance thereunder.  
 (j)      Committee    means a committee of one or more Directors to whom authority has been delegated by the Board in accordance with Section 2(c).  
 (k)     Common Stock    means the common stock of the Company.  
 (l)     Company    means Everbridge, Inc., a     Delaware corporation.  
 (m)     Consultant    means any person, including an advisor, who is (i) engaged by the Company or an Affiliate to render consulting or advisory services and is compensated for such services, or (ii) serving as a member of the board of directors of an Affiliate and is compensated for such services.  However, service solely as a Director, or payment of a fee for such service, will not cause a Director to be considered a  Consultant  for purposes of the Plan.     Notwithstanding the foregoing, a person is treated as a Consultant under this Plan only if a Form S-8 Registration Statement under the Securities Act is available to register either the offer or the sale of the Company s securities to such person.  
 (n)     Continuous Service    means that the Participant s service with the Company or an Affiliate, whether as an Employee, Director or Consultant, is not interrupted or terminated.  A change in the capacity in which the Participant renders service to the Company or an Affiliate as an Employee, Director or Consultant or a change in the Entity for which the Participant renders such service, provided that there is no interruption or termination of the Participant s service   
 22. 

with the Company or an Affiliate, will not terminate a Participant s Continuous Service;   provided, however,   that     if the Entity for which a Participant is rendering services ceases to qualify as an Affiliate, as determined by the Board, in its sole discretion, such Participant s Continuous Service will be considered to have terminated on the date such Entity ceases to qualify as an Affiliate.  For example, a change in status from an Employee of the Company to a Consultant of an Affiliate or to a Director will not constitute an interruption of Continuous Service.  To the extent permitted by law, the Board or the chief executive officer of the Company, in that party s sole discretion, may determine whether Continuous Service will be considered interrupted in the case of (i) any leave of absence approved by the Board or chief executive officer, including sick leave, military leave or any other personal leave, or (ii) transfers between the Company, an Affiliate, or their successors.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, a leave of absence will be treated as Continuous Service for purposes of vesting in an Award only to such extent as may be provided in the Company s leave of absence policy, in the written terms of any leave of absence agreement or policy applicable to the Participant, or as otherwise required by law.  In addition, to the extent required for exemption from or compliance with Section 409A of the Code, the determination of whether there has been a termination of Continuous Service will be made, and such term will be construed, in a manner that is consistent with the definition of  separation from service  as defined under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h) (without regard to any alternative definition thereunder).  
 (o)     Corporate Transaction    means the consummation, in a single transaction or in a series of related transactions, of any one or more of the following events:  
 (i)  a sale     or other disposition of all or substantially all, as determined by the Board, in its sole discretion, of the consolidated assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries;  
 (ii)  a sale or other disposition of more than 50% of the outstanding securities of the Company;  
 (iii)  a merger, consolidation or similar transaction following which the Company is not the surviving corporation; or  
 (iv)  a merger, consolidation or similar transaction following which the Company is the surviving corporation but the shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately preceding the merger, consolidation or similar transaction are converted or exchanged by virtue of the merger, consolidation or similar transaction into other property, whether in the form of securities, cash or otherwise.  
 (p)     Covered Employee    will have the meaning provided in Section 162(m)(3) of the Code.  
 (q)     Director    means a member of the Board.  
 (r)     Disability    means, with respect to a Participant,  the inability of such Participant to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or that has lasted or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months, as provided in Sections 22(e)(3) and   
 23. 

409A(a)(2)(c)(i) of the Code, and will be determined by the Board on the basis of such medical evidence as the Board deems warranted under the circumstances.  
 (s)     Dissolution      means when the Company, after having executed a certificate of dissolution with the State of Delaware, has completely wound up its affairs.  Conversion of the Company into a Limited Liability Company (or any other pass-through entity) will not be considered a  Dissolution  for purposes of the Plan.  
 (t)     Effective Date    means the effective date of this Plan, which is the IPO Date.  
 (u)     Employee    means any person employed by the Company or an Affiliate.  However, service solely as a Director, or payment of a fee for such services, will not cause a Director to be considered an  Employee  for purposes of the Plan.  
 (v)     Entity    means a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other entity.  
 (w)     Exchange Act    means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.  
 (x)     Exchange Act Person        means any natural person, Entity or  group  (within the meaning of Section 13(d) or 14(d) of the Exchange Act), except that  Exchange Act Person  will not include (i) the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company, (ii) any employee benefit plan of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company or any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company, (iii) an underwriter temporarily holding securities pursuant to a registered public offering of such securities, (iv) an Entity Owned, directly or indirectly, by the stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their Ownership of stock of the Company; or (v) any natural person, Entity or  group  (within the meaning of Section 13(d) or 14(d) of the Exchange Act) that, as of the Effective Date, is the Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing more than50% of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities.  
 (y)     Fair Market Value    means, as of any date, the value of the Common Stock determined as follows:  
 (i)  If the Common Stock is listed on any established stock exchange or traded on any established market, the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock will be, unless otherwise determined by the Board, the closing sales price for such stock as quoted on such exchange or market (or the exchange or market with the greatest volume of trading in the Common Stock) on the date of determination, as reported in a source the Board deems reliable.  
 (ii)  Unless otherwise provided by the Board, if there is no closing sales price for the Common Stock on the date of determination, then the Fair Market Value will be the closing selling price on the last preceding date for which such quotation exists.  
   (iii)  In the absence of such markets for the Common Stock, the Fair Market Value will be determined by the Board in good faith and in a manner that complies with Sections 409A and 422 of the Code.  
 24. 

(z)        Incentive Stock Option    means an option granted pursuant to Section   5   of the Plan that is intended to be, and that qualifies as, an  incentive stock option  within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code.  
 (aa)     IPO Date    means the date of the underwriting agreement between the Company and the underwriter(s) managing the initial public offering of the Common Stock, pursuant to which the Common Stock is priced for the initial public offering.   
 (bb)     Non-Employee Director        means a Director who either (i) is not a current employee or officer of the Company or an Affiliate, does not receive compensation, either directly or indirectly, from the Company or an Affiliate for services rendered as a consultant or in any capacity other than as a Director (except for an amount as to which disclosure would not be required under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K promulgated pursuant to the Securities Act (   Regulation S-K   )), does not possess an interest in any other transaction for which disclosure would be required under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K, and is not engaged in a business relationship for which disclosure would be required pursuant to Item 404(b) of Regulation S-K; or (ii) is otherwise considered a  non-employee director  for purposes of Rule 16b-3.  
 (cc)     Nonstatutory Stock Option    means any option granted pursuant to Section 5 of the Plan that does not qualify as an Incentive Stock Option.  
 (dd)     Officer    means a person who is an officer of the Company within the meaning of Section 16 of the Exchange Act.  
 (ee)     Option    means an Incentive Stock Option or a Nonstatutory Stock Option to purchase shares of Common Stock granted pursuant to the Plan.  
 (ff)     Option Agreement    means a written agreement between the Company and an Optionholder evidencing the terms and conditions of an Option grant.  Each Option Agreement will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan.  
 (gg)     Optionholder    means a person to whom an Option is granted pursuant to the Plan or, if applicable, such other person who holds an outstanding Option.  
 (hh)     Other Stock Award    means an award based in whole or in part by reference to the Common Stock which is granted pursuant to the terms and conditions of Section 6(d).  
   (ii)     Other Stock Award Agreement        means a written agreement between the Company and a holder of an Other Stock Award evidencing the terms and conditions of an Other Stock Award grant.  Each Other Stock Award Agreement will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan.  
 (jj)     Outside Director    means a Director who either (i) is not a current employee of the Company or an  affiliated corporation  (within the meaning of Treasury Regulations promulgated under Section 162(m) of the Code), is not a former employee of the Company or an  affiliated corporation  who receives compensation for prior services (other than benefits under a tax-qualified retirement plan) during the taxable year, has not been an officer of the Company or an  affiliated corporation,  and does not receive remuneration from the Company or an   
 25. 

affiliated corporation,  either directly or indirectly, in any capacity other than as a Director, or (ii) is otherwise considered an  outside director  for purposes of Section 162(m) of the Code.  
 (kk)     Own,           Owned,           Owner,           Ownership        A person or Entity will be deemed to  Own,  to have  Owned,  to be the  Owner  of, or to have acquired  Ownership  of securities if such person or Entity, directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship or otherwise, has or shares voting power, which includes the power to vote or to direct the voting, with respect to such securities.  
 (ll)     Participant    means a person to whom an Award is granted pursuant to the Plan or, if applicable, such other person who holds an outstanding Stock Award.  
 (mm)     Performance Cash Award    means an award of cash granted pursuant to the terms and conditions of Section 6(c)(ii).  
 (nn)     Performance Criteria    means the one or more criteria that the Board or Committee (as applicable) will select for purposes of establishing the Performance Goals for a Performance Period.  The Performance Criteria that will be used to establish such Performance Goals may be based on any one of, or combination of, the following as determined by the Board or Committee: (1) earnings (including earnings per share and net earnings); (2) earnings before interest, taxes and depreciation; (3) earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization; (4) total stockholder return; (5) return on equity or average stockholders  equity; (6) return on assets, investment, or capital employed; (7) stock price; (8) margin (including gross margin); (9) income (before or after taxes); (10) operating income; (11) operating income after taxes; (12) pre-tax profit; (13) operating cash flow; (14) sales or revenue targets; (15) increases in revenue or product revenue; (16) expenses and cost reduction goals; (17) improvement in or attainment of working capital levels; (18) economic value added (or an equivalent metric); (19) market share; (20) cash flow; (21) cash flow per share; (22) share price performance; (23) debt reduction; (24) implementation or completion of projects or processes; (25) subscriber satisfaction; (26) stockholders  equity; (27) capital expenditures; (28) debt levels; (29) operating profit or net operating profit; (30) workforce diversity; (31) growth of net income or operating income; (32) billings  ;   and (33) to the extent that an Award is not intended to comply with Section 162(m) of the Code, other measures of performance selected by the Board or Committee.  
   (oo)     Performance Goals    means, for a Performance Period, the one or more goals established by the Board or Committee (as applicable) for the Performance Period based upon the Performance Criteria.  Performance Goals may be based on a Company-wide basis, with respect to one or more business units, divisions, Affiliates, or business segments, and in either absolute terms or relative to the performance of one or more comparable companies or the performance of one or more relevant indices.  Unless specified otherwise by the Board or Committee (i) in the Award Agreement at the time the Award is granted or (ii) in such other document setting forth the Performance Goals at the time the Performance Goals are established, the Board or Committee will appropriately make adjustments in the method of calculating the attainment of Performance Goals for a Performance Period as follows: (1) to exclude restructuring and/or other nonrecurring charges; (2) to exclude exchange rate effects; (3) to exclude the effects of changes to generally accepted accounting principles; (4) to exclude the effects of any statutory adjustments to corporate tax rates; (5) to exclude the dilutive effects of   
 26. 

acquisitions or joint ventures; (6) to assume that any business divested by the Company achieved performance objectives at targeted levels during the balance of a Performance Period following such divestiture; (7) to exclude the effect of any change in the outstanding shares of common stock of the Company by reason of any stock dividend or split, stock repurchase, reorganization, recapitalization, merger, consolidation, spin-off, combination or exchange of shares or other similar corporate change, or any distributions to common stockholders other than regular cash dividends; (8) to exclude the effects of stock based compensation and the award of bonuses under the Company s bonus plans; (9) to exclude costs incurred in connection with potential acquisitions or divestitures that are required to be expensed under generally accepted accounting principles; (10) to exclude the goodwill and intangible asset impairment charges that are required to be recorded under generally accepted accounting principles; (11) to exclude the effects of items that are  unusual  in nature or occur  infrequently  as determined under generally accepted accounting principles; and (12) to exclude the effects   of any other unusual, non-recurring gain or loss  .  In addition, the Board or Committee retains the discretion to reduce or eliminate the compensation or economic benefit due upon attainment of Performance Goals and to define the manner of calculating the Performance Criteria it selects to use for such Performance Period  .      Partial achievement of the specified criteria may result in the payment or vesting corresponding to the degree of achievement as specified in the Stock Award Agreement or  the written terms of a Performance Cash Award.  
 (pp)     Performance Period    means the period of time selected by the Board or Committee (as applicable) over which the attainment of one or more Performance Goals will be measured for the purpose of determining a Participant s right to and the payment of a Stock Award or a Performance Cash Award.  Performance Periods may be of varying and overlapping duration, at the sole discretion of the Board or Committee.  
 (qq)     Performance Stock Award    means a Stock Award granted under the terms and conditions of Section 6(c)(i).  
 (rr)     Plan    means this Everbridge, Inc. 2016     Equity Incentive Plan.  
 (ss)     Restricted Stock Award    means an award of shares of Common Stock which is granted pursuant to the terms and conditions of Section 6(a).  
 (tt)     Restricted Stock Award Agreement    means a written agreement between the Company and a holder of a Restricted Stock Award evidencing the terms and conditions of a Restricted Stock Award grant.  Each Restricted Stock Award Agreement will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan.  
 (uu)     Restricted Stock Unit Award        means a right to receive shares of Common Stock which is granted pursuant to the terms and conditions of Section 6(b).  
   (vv)     Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement        means a written agreement between the Company and a holder of a Restricted Stock Unit Award evidencing the terms and conditions of a Restricted Stock Unit Award grant.  Each Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan.  
 27. 

(ww)        Rule 16b-3    means Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act or any successor to Rule 16b-3, as in effect from time to time.  
 (xx)     Rule 405    means Rule 405 promulgated under the Securities Act.    
    (yy)      Rule 701    means Rule 701 promulgated under the Securities Act.    
 (zz)     Securities Act    means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.  
 (aaa)     Stock Appreciation Right    or    SAR        means a right to receive the appreciation on Common Stock that is granted pursuant to the terms and conditions of Section 5.  
 (bbb)     Stock Appreciation Right Agreement    means a written agreement between the Company and a holder of a Stock Appreciation Right evidencing the terms and conditions of a Stock Appreciation Right grant.  Each Stock Appreciation Right Agreement will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan.  
 (ccc)     Stock Award    means any right to receive Common Stock granted under the Plan, including an Incentive Stock Option, a Nonstatutory Stock Option, a Restricted Stock Award, a Restricted Stock Unit Award, a Stock Appreciation Right, a Performance Stock Award or any Other Stock Award.  
     (ddd)     Stock Award Agreement      means a written agreement between the Company and a Participant evidencing the terms and conditions of a Stock Award grant.  Each Stock Award Agreement will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan.  
 (eee)     Subsidiary    means, with respect to the Company, (i) any corporation of which more than 50% of the outstanding capital stock having ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the board of directors of such corporation (irrespective of whether, at the time, stock of any other class or classes of such corporation will have or might have voting power by reason of the happening of any contingency) is at the time, directly or indirectly, Owned by the Company, and (ii) any partnership, limited liability company or other entity in which the Company has a direct or indirect interest (whether in the form of voting or participation in profits or capital contribution) of more than 50%.  
 (fff)     Ten Percent Stockholder    means a person who Owns (or is deemed to Own pursuant to Section 424(d) of the Code) stock possessing more than 10% of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or any Affiliate.  
 (ggg)     Transaction    means a Corporate Transaction or a Change in Control.  
   
 28. 

Everbridge, Inc.  
 Stock Option Grant Notice 
 (2016 Equity Incentive Plan) 
 Everbridge, Inc. (the   Company  ), pursuant to its 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (the   Plan  ), hereby grants to Optionholder an option to purchase the number of shares of the Company s Common Stock set forth below.  This option is subject to all of the terms and conditions as set forth in this notice, in the Option Agreement, the Plan and the Notice of Exercise, all of which are attached hereto and incorporated herein in their entirety.  Capitalized terms not explicitly defined herein but defined in the Plan or the Option Agreement will have the same definitions as in the Plan or the Option Agreement. If there is any conflict between the terms in this notice and the Plan, the terms of the Plan will control. 

Optionholder:  

ID:  

Date of Grant:  

Grant Number:  

Vesting Commencement Date:  

Number of Shares Subject to Option:  

Exercise Price (Per Share):  

Total Exercise Price:  

Expiration Date:  

Type of Grant:  
 
       Incentive Stock Option 1       
 
       Nonstatutory Stock Option   

Exercise Schedule :    
 
 Same as Vesting Schedule  

Vesting Schedule :      
 
 [                                                            ]  

Payment:     
 
 By one or a combination of the following items (described in the Option Agreement):  

By cash, check, bank draft or money order payable to the Company   

Pursuant to a Regulation T Program if the shares are publicly traded   

By delivery of already-owned shares if the shares are publicly traded   

If and only to the extent this option is a Nonstatutory Stock Option, and subject to the Company s consent at the time of exercise, by a  net exercise  arrangement   

1     
 
    If this is an Incentive Stock Option, it (plus other outstanding Incentive Stock Options) cannot be first  exercisable  for more than $100,000 in value (measured by exercise price) in any calendar year.  Any excess over $100,000 is a Nonstatutory Stock Option.    

 29. 

Additional Terms/Acknowledgements:   Optionholder acknowledges receipt of, and understands and agrees to, this Stock Option Grant Notice, the Option Agreement and the Plan.  Optionholder acknowledges and agrees that this Stock Option Grant Notice and the Option Agreement may not be modified, amended or revised except as provided in the Plan.      Optionholder further acknowledges that as of the Date of Grant, this Stock Option Grant Notice, the Option Agreement, and the Plan set forth the entire understanding between Optionholder and the Company regarding this option award and supersede all prior oral and written agreements, promises and/or representations on that subject with the exception, if applicable, of (i) equity awards previously granted and delivered to Optionholder, (ii) any compensation recovery policy that is adopted by the Company or is otherwise required by applicable law and (iii) any written employment or severance arrangement that would provide for vesting acceleration of this option upon the terms and conditions set forth therein.      
 By accepting this option, Optionholder consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and to participate in the Plan through an online or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or another third party designated by the Company. 

Everbridge, Inc.  

Optionholder:  

By:  

Signature  

Signature  

Title:  

Date:  

Date:  

Attachments :  Option Agreement, 2016 Equity Incentive Plan     and Notice of Exercise  

30. 

Attachment I  
 Option Agreement 

Everbridge, Inc.  
 2016 Equity Incentive Plan 
 Option Agreement 
 (Incentive Stock Option or Nonstatutory Stock Option) 
 Pursuant to your Stock Option Grant Notice (  Grant Notice  ) and this Option Agreement, Everbridge, Inc. (the   Com  pany   ) has granted you an option under its 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (the    Plan   ) to purchase the number of shares of the Company s Common Stock indicated in your Grant Notice at the exercise price indicated in your Grant Notice.  The option is granted to you effective as of the date of grant set forth in the Grant Notice (the    Date of Grant   ).  If there is any conflict between the terms in this Option Agreement and the Plan, the terms of the Plan will control. Capitalized terms not explicitly defined in this Option Agreement or in the Grant Notice but defined in the Plan will have the same definitions as in the Plan.  
 The details of your option, in addition to those set forth in the Grant Notice and the Plan, are as follows: 
 1.  Vesting.    Subject to the provisions contained herein, your option will vest as provided in your Grant Notice.  Vesting will cease upon the termination of your Continuous Service.  
 2.  Number of Shares and Exercise Price.    The number of shares of Common Stock subject to your option and your exercise price per share in your Grant Notice will be adjusted for Capitalization Adjustments.  
 3.  Exercise Restriction for Non-Exempt Employees.    If you are an Employee eligible for overtime compensation under the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, as amended (that is, a    Non-Exempt Employee   ), and except as otherwise provided in the Plan, you may not exercise your option until you have completed at least six (6) months of Continuous Service measured from the Date of Grant, even if you have already been an employee for more than six (6) months. Consistent with the provisions of the Worker Economic Opportunity Act, you may exercise your option as to any vested portion prior to such six (6) month anniversary in the case of (i) your death or disability, (ii) a Corporate Transaction in which your option is not assumed, continued or substituted, (iii) a Change in Control or (iv) your termination of Continuous Service on your  retirement  (as defined in the Company s benefit plans).    
 4.  Method of Payment.    You must pay the full amount of the exercise price for the shares you wish to exercise.  You may pay the exercise price in cash or by check, bank draft or money order payable to the Company or in any other manner   permitted by your Grant Notice,   which may include one or more of the following:  
 a.  Provided that at the time of exercise the Common Stock is publicly traded, pursuant to a program developed under Regulation T as promulgated by the Federal Reserve Board that, prior to the issuance of Common Stock, results in either the receipt of cash (or check) by the Company or the receipt of irrevocable instructions to pay the aggregate exercise price to the Company from the sales proceeds.  This manner of payment is also known as a  broker-assisted exercise ,  same day sale , or  sell to cover .  
 1. 
 
  b.     Provided that at the time of exercise the Common Stock is publicly traded, by delivery to the Company (either by actual delivery or attestation) of already-owned shares of Common Stock that are owned free and clear of any liens, claims, encumbrances or security interests, and that are valued at Fair Market Value on the date of exercise.   Delivery  for these purposes, in the sole discretion of the Company at the time you exercise your option, will include delivery to the Company of your attestation of ownership of such shares of Common Stock in a form approved by the Company.  You may not exercise your option by delivery to the Company of Common Stock if doing so would violate the provisions of any law, regulation or agreement restricting the redemption of the Company s stock.  
 c.  If this option is a Nonstatutory Stock Option, subject to the consent of the Company at the time of exercise, by a  net exercise  arrangement pursuant to which the Company will reduce the number of shares of Common Stock issued upon exercise of your option by the largest whole number of shares with a Fair Market Value that does not exceed the aggregate exercise price.  You must pay any remaining balance of the aggregate exercise price not satisfied by the  net exercise  in cash or other permitted form of payment.  Shares of Common Stock will no longer be outstanding under your option and will not be exercisable thereafter if those shares (i) are used to pay the exercise price pursuant to the  net exercise,  (ii) are delivered to you as a result of such exercise, and (iii) are withheld to satisfy your tax withholding obligations.  
 5.  Whole Shares.    You may exercise your option only for whole shares of Common Stock.  
 6.  Securities Law Compliance.    In no event may you exercise your option unless the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise are then registered under the Securities Act or, if not registered, the Company has determined that your exercise and the issuance of the shares would be exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act.  The exercise of your option also must comply with all other applicable laws and regulations governing your option, and you may not exercise your option if the Company determines that such exercise would not be in material compliance with such laws and regulations (including any restrictions on exercise required for compliance with Treas. Reg. 1.401(k)-1(d)(3), if applicable).  
 7.  Term.    You may not exercise your option before the Date of Grant or after the expiration of the option s term.  The term of your option expires, subject to the provisions of Sections 5(h) and 9(c) of the Plan, upon the earliest of the following:  
   a.  immediately upon the termination of your Continuous Service for Cause;  
 b.  three (3) months after the termination of your Continuous Service for any reason other than Cause,   your Disability or your death (except as otherwise provided in Section 7(d) below);   provided, however,   that if during any part of such three (3) month period your option is not exercisable solely because of the condition set forth in the section above relating to  Securities Law Compliance,  your option will not expire until the earlier of the Expiration Date or until it has been exercisable for an aggregate period of three (3) months after the termination of your Continuous Service;   provided further,   that if (i) you are a Non-Exempt Employee, (ii) your Continuous Service terminates within six (6) months after the Date of Grant, and (iii) you   
 2. 
 
  have vested in a portion of your option at the time of your termination of Continuous Service, your option will not expire until the earlier of (x) the later of (A) the date that is seven (7) months after the Date of Grant, and (B) the date that is three (3) months after the termination of your Continuous Service, and (y) the Expiration Date;  
 c.  twelve (12) months after the termination of your Continuous Service due to your Disability (except as otherwise provided in Section 7(d)) below;  
 d.  eighteen (18) months after your death if you die either during your Continuous Service or within three (3) months after your Continuous Service terminates for any reason other than Cause;  
 e.  the Expiration Date indicated in your Grant Notice; or  
 f.  the day before the tenth (10th) anniversary of the Date of Grant.  
 If your option is an Incentive Stock Option, note that to obtain the federal income tax advantages associated with an Incentive Stock Option, the Code requires that at all times beginning on the Date of Grant and ending on the day three (3) months before the date of your option s exercise, you must be an employee of the Company or an Affiliate, except in the event of your death or Disability.  The Company has provided for extended exercisability of your option under certain circumstances for your benefit but cannot guarantee that your option will necessarily be treated as an Incentive Stock Option if you continue to provide services to the Company or an Affiliate as a Consultant or Director after your employment terminates or if you otherwise exercise your option more than three (3) months after the date your employment with the Company or an Affiliate terminates. 
 8. E XERCISE . 
 a.  You may exercise the vested portion of your option (and the unvested portion of your option if your Grant Notice so permits) during its term by (i) delivering a Notice of Exercise (in a form designated by the Company) or completing such other documents and/or procedures designated by the Company for exercise and (ii) paying the exercise price and any applicable withholding taxes to the Company s Secretary, stock plan administrator, or such other person as the Company may designate, together with such additional documents as the Company may then require.  
 b.  By exercising your option you agree that, as a condition to any exercise of your option, the Company may require you to enter into an arrangement providing for the payment by you to the Company of any tax withholding obligation of the Company arising by reason of (i) the exercise of your option, (ii) the lapse of any substantial risk of forfeiture to which the shares of Common Stock are subject at the time of exercise, or (iii) the disposition of shares of Common Stock acquired upon such exercise.  
 c.  If your option is an Incentive Stock Option, by exercising your option you agree that you will notify the Company in writing within fifteen (15) days after the date of any disposition of any of the shares of the Common Stock issued upon exercise of your option that   
 3. 
 
  occurs within two (2) years after the Date of Grant or within one (1) year after such shares of Common Stock are transferred upon exercise of your option.  
                 d.    [By exercising your option you agree that you will not sell, dispose of, transfer, make any short sale of, grant any option for the purchase of, or enter into any hedging or similar transaction with the same economic effect as a sale with respect to any shares of Common Stock or other securities of the Company held by you, for a period of one hundred eighty (180) days following the effective date of a registration statement of the Company filed under the Securities Act   or such longer period as   the underwriters or the Company will request to facilitate   compliance with FINRA Rule 2241         or any successor or   similar rules o  r     regulation       (the    Lock-Up Period      provided  ,   however    , that nothing contained in this Section will prevent the exercise of a repurchase option, if any, in favor of the Company during the Lock-Up Period.  You further agree to execute and deliver such other agreements as may be reasonably requested by the Company   or the     underwriters     that are consistent with the foregoing or that are necessary to give further effect thereto.  In order to enforce the foregoing covenant, the Company may impose stop-transfer instructions with respect to your shares of Common Stock until the end of such period.    You also agree that any transferee of any shares of Common Stock (or other securities) of the Company held by you will be bound by this Section 8(d).    The underwriters of the Company s stock are intended third party beneficiaries of this Section 8(d) and will have the right, power and authority to enforce the provisions hereof as though they were a party hereto.] 2     
       9.  Transferability.        Except as otherwise provided in this Section 9, your option is not transferable, except by will or by the laws of descent and distribution, and is exercisable during your life only by you.    
       a.  Certain Trusts.      Upon receiving written permission from the Board or its duly authorized designee,     you may transfer your option to a trust if you are considered to be the sole beneficial owner (determined under Section 671 of the Code and applicable state law) while the option is held in the trust.  You and the trustee must enter into transfer and other agreements required by the Company.    
     b.  Domestic Relations Orders.    Upon receiving written permission from the Board or its duly authorized designee, and provided that you and the designated transferee enter into transfer and other agreements required by the Company, you may transfer your option pursuant to the terms of a domestic relations order, official marital settlement agreement or   other divorce or separation instrument as permitted by Treasury Regulation 1.421-1(b)(2)     that contains the information required by the Company to effectuate the transfer.  You are encouraged to discuss the proposed terms of any division of this option with the Company prior to finalizing the domestic relations order or marital settlement agreement to help ensure the required information is contained within the domestic relations order or marital settlement agreement.  If this option is an Incentive Stock Option, this option may be deemed to be a Nonstatutory Stock Option as a result of such transfer.  

2     
 
   NTD:  For inclusion in option grants, if any, made during lock-up period.     

 4. 
 
                      c.     Beneficiary Designation.        Upon receiving written permission from the Board or its duly authorized designee, you may    , by delivering written notice to the Company, in a form         approved by     the Company       and any broker designated by the Company to handle option exercises,     designate a third party who, on your death, will thereafter be entitled to exercise   this option and receive the Common Stock or other consideration resulting from such exercise.  In the absence of such a designation, your executor or administrator of your estate will be entitled to exercise this option and receive, on behalf of your estate, the Common Stock or other consideration resulting from such exercise.     
 10. Option not a Service Contract .      Your option is not an employment or service contract, and nothing in your option will be deemed to create in any way whatsoever any obligation on your part to continue in the employ of the Company or an Affiliate, or of the Company or an Affiliate to continue your employment.  In addition, nothing in your option will obligate the Company or an Affiliate, their respective shareholders, boards of directors, officers or employees to continue any relationship that you might have as a Director or Consultant for the Company or an Affiliate.  
 11. Withholding Obligations. 
 a.  At the time you exercise your option, in whole or in part, and at any time thereafter as requested by the Company, you hereby authorize withholding from payroll and any other amounts payable to you, and otherwise agree to make adequate provision for (including by means of a  same day sale  pursuant to a program developed under Regulation T as promulgated by the Federal Reserve Board to the extent permitted by the Company), any sums required to satisfy the federal, state, local and foreign tax withholding obligations of the Company or an Affiliate, if any, which arise in connection with the exercise of your option.    
 b.  If this option is a Nonstatutory Stock Option, then upon your request and subject to approval by the Company, and compliance with any applicable legal conditions or restrictions, the Company may withhold from fully vested shares of Common Stock otherwise issuable to you upon the exercise of your option a number of whole shares of Common Stock having a Fair Market Value, determined by the Company as of the date of exercise, not in excess of the minimum amount of tax required to be withheld by law (or such lower amount as may be necessary to avoid classification of your option as a liability for financial accounting purposes).  Notwithstanding the filing of such election, shares of Common Stock shall be withheld solely from fully vested shares of Common Stock determined as of the date of exercise of your option that are otherwise issuable to you upon such exercise.  Any adverse consequences to you arising in connection with such share withholding procedure shall be your sole responsibility.  
 c.  You may not exercise your option unless the tax withholding obligations of the Company and/or any Affiliate are satisfied.  Accordingly, you may not be able to exercise your option when desired even though your option is vested, and the Company will have no obligation to issue a certificate for such shares of Common Stock or release such shares of Common Stock from any escrow provided for herein, if applicable, unless such obligations are satisfied.  
 12. Tax Consequences .   You hereby agree that the Company does not have a duty to design or administer the Plan or its other compensation programs in a manner that minimizes   
 5. 
 
  your tax liabilities. You will not make any claim against the Company, or any of its Officers, Directors, Employees or Affiliates related to tax liabilities arising from your option or your other compensation. In particular, you acknowledge that this option is exempt from Section 409A of the Code only if the exercise price per share specified in the Grant Notice is at least equal to the  fair market value  per share of the Common Stock on the Date of Grant and there is no other impermissible deferral of compensation associated with the option.   
 13. Notices.     Any notices provided for in your option or the Plan will be given in writing (including electronically) and will be deemed effectively given upon receipt or, in the case of notices delivered by mail by the Company to you, five (5) days after deposit in the United States mail, postage prepaid, addressed to you at the last address you provided to the Company.  The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to participation in the Plan and this option by electronic means or to request your consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means.  By accepting this option, you consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or another third party designated by the Company.  
 14. Governing Plan Document.     Your option is subject to all the provisions of the Plan, the provisions of which are hereby made a part of your option, and is further subject to all interpretations, amendments, rules and regulations, which may from time to time be promulgated and adopted pursuant to the Plan.  If there is any conflict between the provisions of your option and those of the Plan, the provisions of the Plan will control.  In addition, your option (and any compensation paid or shares issued under your option) is subject to recoupment in accordance with The Dodd Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and any implementing regulations thereunder, any clawback policy adopted by the Company and any compensation recovery policy otherwise required by applicable law. No recovery of compensation under such a clawback policy will be an event giving rise to a right to voluntarily terminate employment upon a resignation for  good reason,  or for a  constructive termination  or any similar term under any plan of or agreement with the Company.  
 15. Other Documents .  You hereby acknowledge receipt of and the right to receive a document providing the information required by Rule 428(b)(1) promulgated under the Securities Act, which includes the Plan prospectus.  In addition, you acknowledge receipt of the Company s policy permitting certain individuals to sell shares only during certain  window  periods and the Company s insider trading policy, in effect from time to time.  
 16.  Effect on Other Employee Benefit Plans  .  The value of this option will not be included as compensation, earnings, salaries, or other similar terms used when calculating your benefits under any employee benefit plan sponsored by the Company or any Affiliate, except as such plan otherwise expressly provides. The Company expressly reserves its rights to amend, modify, or terminate any of the Company s or any Affiliate s employee benefit plans.  
 17.  Voting Rights  .  You will not have voting or any other rights as a shareholder of the Company with respect to the shares to be issued pursuant to this option until such shares are issued to you.   Upon such issuance, you will obtain full voting and other rights as a shareholder of the Company.  Nothing contained in this option, and no action taken pursuant to its   
 6. 
 
  provisions, will create or be construed to create a trust of any kind or a fiduciary relationship between you and the Company or any other person.  
 18.  Severability  .  If all or any part of this Option Agreement or the Plan is declared by any court or governmental authority to be unlawful or invalid, such unlawfulness or invalidity will not invalidate any portion of this Option Agreement or the Plan not declared to be unlawful or invalid.  Any Section of this Option Agreement (or part of such a Section) so declared to be unlawful or invalid shall, if possible, be construed in a manner which will give effect to the terms of such Section or part of a Section to the fullest extent possible while remaining lawful and valid.  
 19.  Miscellaneous  .  
 a.  The rights and obligations of the Company under your option will be transferable to any one or more persons or entities, and all covenants and agreements hereunder will inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by the Company s successors and assigns.   
 b.  You agree upon request to execute any further documents or instruments necessary or desirable in the sole determination of the Company to carry out the purposes or intent of your option.  
 c.  You acknowledge and agree that you have reviewed your option in its entirety, have had an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel prior to executing and accepting your option, and fully understand all provisions of your option.  
 d.  This Option Agreement will be subject to all applicable laws, rules, and regulations, and to such approvals by any governmental agencies or national securities exchanges as may be required.  
 e.  All obligations of the Company under the Plan and this Option Agreement will be binding on any successor to the Company, whether the existence of such successor is the result of a direct or indirect purchase, merger, consolidation, or otherwise, of all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company.  
 *       *       * 
 This Option Agreement will be deemed to be signed by you upon the signing by you of the Grant Notice to which it is attached. 

7. 
 
  Attachment II  
 2016 Equity Incentive Plan 

Attachment III  
 Notice of Exercise 
 NOTICE OF EXERCISE 
 Everbridge, Inc. 
 Attention: Stock Plan Administrator 
 Date of Exercise:                      
 This constitutes notice to Everbridge, Inc. (the   Company  ) under my stock option that I elect to purchase the below number of shares of Common Stock of the Company (the   Shares  ) for the price set forth below. 

Type of option (check one):  

Incentive         

Nonstatutory         

Stock option dated:  

Number of Shares as 
 to which option is 
 exercised:  

Certificates to be 
 issued in name of:  

Total exercise price:  
 
 $  

$  

Cash payment delivered 
 herewith:  
 
 $  

$  

[Value of ________ Shares delivered herewith 3 :  
 
 $  

$  

]  

[Value of ________ Shares pursuant to net exercise 2 :  
 
 $  

$  

]   

[Regulation T Program (cashless exercise):  
 
 $  

$  

] 4   

3    Shares must meet the public trading requirements set forth in the option.  Shares must be valued in accordance with the terms of the option being exercised, and must be owned free and clear of any liens, claims, encumbrances or security interests.  Certificates must be endorsed or accompanied by an executed assignment separate from certificate. 
   2    The option must be a Nonstatutory Stock Option, and  the Company  must have established net exercise procedures at the time of exercise, in order to utilize this payment method.  
  4    Delete bracketed methods of payment that are not provided for in the grant notice. 

By this exercise, I agree (i) to provide such additional documents as you may require pursuant to the terms of the Everbridge, Inc. 2016 Equity Incentive Plan, (ii) to provide for the payment by me to you (in the manner designated by you) of your withholding obligation, if any, relating to the exercise of this option, and (iii) if this exercise relates to an Incentive Stock Option, to notify you in writing within fifteen (15) days after the date of any disposition of any of the Shares issued upon exercise of this option that occurs within two (2) years after the date of grant of this option or within one (1) year after such Shares are issued upon exercise of this option.  
 [I further agree that, if required by the Company (or a representative of the underwriters) in connection with the first underwritten registration of the offering of any securities of the Company under the Securities Act, I will not sell, dispose of, transfer, make any short sale of, grant any option for the purchase of, or enter into any hedging or similar transaction with the same economic effect as a sale with respect to any shares of Common Stock or other securities of the Company for a period of one hundred eighty (180) days following the effective date of a registration statement of the Company filed under the Securities Act (or such longer period as the underwriters or the Company shall request to facilitate compliance with FINRA Rule 2241 or any successor or similar rule or regulation) (the   Lock-Up Period  ).  I further agree to execute and deliver such other agreements as may be reasonably requested by the Company or the underwriters that are consistent with the foregoing or that are necessary to give further effect thereto.  In order to enforce the foregoing covenant, the Company may impose stop transfer instructions with respect to securities subject to the foregoing restrictions until the end of such period.] 5  
 Very truly yours, 
   
  5    NTB: For inclusion in option grants, if any, made during lock-up period. 
   
 2  

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 3
 evbg-ex102_579.htm
 EX-10.2

evbg-ex102_579.htm

Exhibit 10.2 
 Everbridge, Inc. 
 2016 Employee Stock Purchase Plan  Adopted by the Board of Directors: September 1, 2016 Approved by the Stockholders: September 1, 2016  
 1.  General; Purpose . 
 (a)  The Plan provides a means by which Eligible Employees of the Company and certain designated Related Corporations may be given an opportunity to purchase shares of Common Stock.  The Plan permits the Company to grant a series of Purchase Rights to Eligible Employees under an Employee Stock Purchase Plan.  
 (b)  The Company, by means of the Plan, seeks to retain the services of such Employees, to secure and retain the services of new Employees and to provide incentives for such persons to exert maximum efforts for the success of the Company and its Related Corporations.  
 2. Administration. 
 (a)  The Board will administer the Plan unless and until the Board delegates administration of the Plan to a Committee or Committees, as provided in Section 2(c).  
   (b)  The Board will have the power, subject to, and within the limitations of, the express provisions of the Plan:  
 (i)  To determine how and when Purchase Rights will be granted and the provisions of each Offering (which need not be identical).  
 (ii) To designate from time to time which Related Corporations of the Company will be eligible to participate in the Plan.  
 (iii)  To construe and interpret the Plan and Purchase Rights, and to establish, amend and revoke rules and regulations for its administration.  The Board, in the exercise of this power, may correct any defect, omission or inconsistency in the Plan, in a manner and to the extent it deems necessary or expedient to make the Plan fully effective.  
 (iv)  To settle all controversies regarding the Plan and Purchase Rights granted under the Plan.  
 (v)  To suspend or terminate the Plan at any time as provided in Section 12.  
 (vi)  To amend the Plan at any time as provided in Section 12.  
 (vii)  Generally, to exercise such powers and to perform such acts as it deems necessary or expedient to promote the best interests of the Company and its Related Corporations and to carry out the intent that the Plan be treated as an Employee Stock Purchase Plan.  

(viii)     To adopt such procedures and sub-plans as are necessary or appropriate to permit participation in the Plan by Employees who are foreign nationals or employed outside the United States.  
     (c)  The Board may delegate some or all of the administration of the Plan to a Committee or Committees.  If administration is delegated to a Committee, the Committee will have, in connection with the administration of the Plan, the powers theretofore possessed by the Board that have been delegated to the Committee, including the power to delegate to a subcommittee any of the administrative powers the Committee is authorized to exercise (and references in this Plan to the Board will thereafter be to the Committee or subcommittee), subject, however, to such resolutions, not inconsistent with the provisions of the Plan, as may be adopted from time to time by the Board.  The Board may retain the authority to concurrently administer the Plan with the Committee and may, at any time, revest in the Board some or all of the powers previously delegated.  Whether or not the Board has delegated administration of the Plan to a Committee, the Board will have the final power to determine all questions of policy and expediency that may arise in the administration of the Plan.  
 (d)  All determinations, interpretations and constructions made by the Board in good faith will not be subject to review by any person and will be final, binding and conclusive on all persons.  
 3.  Shares of Common Stock Subject to the Plan . 
   (a)  Subject to the provisions of Section 11(a) relating to Capitalization Adjustments, the maximum number of shares of Common Stock that may be issued under the Plan will not exceed 500,000 shares of Common Stock, plus the number of shares of Common Stock that are automatically added on January 1st of each year for a period of up to ten years, commencing on the first January 1 following the IPO Date and ending on (and including) January 1, 2026, in an amount equal to the lesser of (i) 1% of the total number of shares of Common Stock outstanding on December 31st of the preceding calendar year, and (ii) 200,000 shares of Common Stock.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Board may act prior to the first day of any calendar year to provide that there will be no January 1 st  increase in the share reserve for such calendar year or that the increase in the share reserve for such calendar year will be a lesser number of shares of Common Stock than would otherwise occur pursuant to the preceding sentence.  
 (b)  If any Purchase Right granted under the Plan terminates without having been exercised in full, the shares of Common Stock not purchased under such Purchase Right will again become available for issuance under the Plan.    
 (c)  The stock purchasable under the Plan will be shares of authorized but unissued or reacquired Common Stock, including shares repurchased by the Company on the open market.    
 4.  Grant of Purchase Rights; Offering . 
   (a)  The Board may from time to time grant or provide for the grant of Purchase Rights to Eligible Employees under an Offering (consisting of one or more Purchase Periods) on an Offering Date or Offering Dates selected by the Board.  Each Offering will be in such form and will contain such terms and conditions as the Board will deem appropriate, and will comply with   
 2 

the requirement of Section 423(b)(5) of the Code that all Employees granted Purchase Rights will have the same rights and privileges.  The terms and conditions of an Offering shall be incorporated by reference into the Plan and treated as part of the Plan.  The provisions of separate Offerings need not be identical, but each Offering will include (through incorporation of the provisions of this Plan by reference in the document comprising the Offering or otherwise) the period during which the Offering will be effective, which period will not exceed 27 months beginning with the Offering Date, and the substance of the provisions contained in Sections   5   through   8  , inclusive.  
 (b)  If a Participant has more than one Purchase Right outstanding under the Plan, unless he or she otherwise indicates in forms delivered to the Company: (i) each form will apply to all of his or her Purchase Rights under the Plan, and (ii) a Purchase Right with a lower exercise price (or an earlier-granted Purchase Right, if different Purchase Rights have identical exercise prices) will be exercised to the fullest possible extent before a Purchase Right with a higher exercise price (or a later-granted Purchase Right if different Purchase Rights have identical exercise prices) will be exercised.  
 (c)  The Board will have the discretion to structure an Offering so that if the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock on the first Trading Day of a new Purchase Period within that Offering is less than or equal to the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock on the Offering Date for that Offering, then (i) that Offering will terminate immediately as of that first Trading Day, and (ii) the Participants in such terminated Offering will be automatically enrolled in a new Offering beginning on the first Trading Day of such new Purchase Period.    
   5. Eligibility. 
 (a)  Purchase Rights may be granted only to Employees of the Company or, as the Board may designate in accordance with Section 2(b), to Employees of a Related Corporation.  Except as provided in Section 5(b), an Employee will not be eligible to be granted Purchase Rights unless, on the Offering Date, the Employee has been in the employ of the Company or the Related Corporation, as the case may be, for such continuous period preceding such Offering Date as the Board may require, but in no event will the required period of continuous employment be equal to or greater than two years.  In addition, the Board may (unless prohibited by law) provide that no Employee will be eligible to be granted Purchase Rights under the Plan unless, on the Offering Date, such Employee s customary employment with the Company or the Related Corporation is more than 20 hours per week and more than five months per calendar year or such other criteria as the Board may determine consistent with Section 423 of the Code.  
 3 

(b)     The Board may provide that each person who, during the course of an Offering, first becomes an Eligible Employee   and elects to participate in the Offering   will, on a date or dates specified in the Offering which coincides with the day on which such person becomes an Eligible Employee or which occurs thereafter, receive a Purchase Right under that Offering, which Purchase Right will thereafter be deemed to be a part of that Offering.  Such Purchase Right will have the same characteristics as any Purchase Rights originally granted under that Offering, as described herein, except that:  
 (i)  the date on which such Purchase Right is granted will be the  Offering Date  of such Purchase Right for all purposes, including determination of the exercise price of such Purchase Right;  
 (ii)  the period of the Offering with respect to such Purchase Right will begin on its Offering Date and end coincident with the end of such Offering; and  
 (iii)  the Board may provide that if such person first becomes an Eligible Employee within a specified period of time before the end of the Offering, he or she will not receive any Purchase Right under that Offering.  
   (c)  The Board may provide that each person who did not elect to fully participate in an ongoing Offering prior to the commencement of a subsequent Purchase Period and elects to participate in the Offering will, on a date or dates specified in the Offering which coincides with the day on which such person elects to participate in the Offering or which occurs thereafter, receive a Purchase Right under that Offering, which Purchase Right will thereafter be deemed to be a part of that Offering.  Such Purchase Right will have the same characteristics as any Purchase Rights originally granted under that Offering, as described herein, except that:  
 (i)  the date on which such Purchase Right is granted will be the  Offering Date  of such Purchase Right for all purposes, including determination of the exercise price of such Purchase Right;  
 (ii)  the period of the Offering with respect to such Purchase Right will begin on its Offering Date and end coincident with the end of such Offering; and  
 (iii)  the Board may provide that if such person first elects to participate in the Offering within a specified period of time before the end of the Offering, he or she will not receive any Purchase Right under that Offering.  
 (d)  No Employee will be eligible for the grant of any Purchase Rights if, immediately after any such Purchase Rights are granted, such Employee owns stock possessing five percent or more of the total combined voting power or value of all classes of stock of the Company or of any Related Corporation (unless otherwise required by law).  For purposes of this Section 5(c), the rules of Section 424(d) of the Code will apply in determining the stock ownership of any Employee, and stock which such Employee may purchase under all outstanding Purchase Rights and options will be treated as stock owned by such Employee.  
   (e)  As specified by Section 423(b)(8) of the Code, an Eligible Employee may be granted Purchase Rights only if such Purchase Rights, together with any other rights granted under all   
 4 

Employee Stock Purchase Plans of the Company and any Related Corporations, do not permit such Eligible Employee s rights to purchase stock of the Company or any Related Corporation to accrue at a rate which exceeds $25,000 of Fair Market Value of such stock (determined at the time such rights are granted, and which, with respect to the Plan, will be determined as of their respective Offering Dates) for each calendar year in which such rights are outstanding at any time.  
 (f)  Officers of the Company and any designated Related Corporation, if they are otherwise Eligible Employees, will be eligible to participate in Offerings under the Plan.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Board may (unless prohibited by law) provide in an Offering that Employees who are highly compensated Employees within the meaning of Section 423(b)(4)(D) of the Code will not be eligible to participate.  
 6.  Purchase Rights; Purchase Price . 
 (a)  On each Offering Date, each Eligible Employee, pursuant to an Offering made under the Plan, will be granted a Purchase Right to purchase up to that number of shares of Common Stock purchasable either with a percentage or with a maximum dollar amount, as designated by the Board, but in either case not exceeding 15% of such Employee s earnings (as defined by the Board in each Offering) during the period that begins on the Offering Date (or such later date as the Board determines for a particular Offering) and ends on the date stated in the Offering, which date will be no later than the end of the Offering.  
 (b)  The Board will establish one or more Purchase Dates during an Offering on which Purchase Rights granted for that Offering will be exercised and shares of Common Stock will be purchased in accordance with such Offering.  
 (c)  In connection with each Offering made under the Plan, the Board may specify (i) a maximum number of shares of Common Stock that may be purchased by any Participant on any Purchase Date during such Offering, (ii) a maximum aggregate number of shares of Common Stock that may be purchased by all Participants pursuant to such Offering and/or (iii) a maximum aggregate number of shares of Common Stock that may be purchased by all Participants on any Purchase Date under the Offering.  If the aggregate purchase of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of Purchase Rights granted under the Offering would exceed any such maximum aggregate number, then, in the absence of any Board action otherwise, a pro rata (based on each Participant s accumulated Contributions) allocation of the shares of Common Stock available will be made in as nearly a uniform manner as will be practicable and equitable.  
 (d)  The purchase price of shares of Common Stock acquired pursuant to Purchase Rights will be not less than the lesser of:  
 (i)  an amount equal to 85% of the Fair Market Value of the shares of Common Stock on the Offering Date; or  
 (ii)  an amount equal to 85% of the Fair Market Value of the shares of Common Stock on the applicable Purchase Date.  
 5 

7.     Participation; Withdrawal; Termination  .  
 (a)  An Eligible Employee may elect to participate in an Offering and authorize payroll deductions as the means of making Contributions by completing and delivering to the Company, within the time specified in the Offering, an enrollment form provided by the Company. The enrollment form will specify the amount of Contributions not to exceed the maximum amount specified by the Board. Each Participant s Contributions will be credited to a bookkeeping account for such Participant under the Plan and will be deposited with the general funds of the Company except where applicable law requires that Contributions be deposited with a third party. If permitted in the Offering, a Participant may begin such Contributions with the first payroll occurring on or after the Offering Date (or, in the case of a payroll date that occurs after the end of the prior Offering but before the Offering Date of the next new Offering, Contributions from such payroll will be included in the new Offering).  If permitted in the Offering, a Participant may thereafter reduce (including to zero) or increase his or her Contributions.  If required under applicable law or if specifically provided in the Offering, in addition to or instead of making Contributions by payroll deductions, a Participant may make Contributions through the payment by cash or check prior to a Purchase Date.  
   (b)  During an Offering, a Participant may cease making Contributions and withdraw from the Offering by delivering to the Company a withdrawal form provided by the Company.  The Company may impose a deadline before a Purchase Date for withdrawing.  Upon such withdrawal, such Participant s Purchase Right in that Offering will immediately terminate and the Company will distribute to such Participant all of his or her accumulated but unused Contributions and such Participant s Purchase Right in that Offering shall thereupon terminate.  A Participant s withdrawal from that Offering will have no effect upon his or her eligibility to participate in any other Offerings under the Plan, but such Participant will be required to deliver a new enrollment form to participate in subsequent Offerings.  
 (c)  Unless otherwise required by applicable law, Purchase Rights granted pursuant to any Offering under the Plan will terminate immediately if the Participant either (i) is no longer an Employee for any reason or for no reason (subject to any post-employment participation period required by law) or (ii) is otherwise no longer eligible to participate. The Company will distribute to such individual all of his or her accumulated but unused Contributions.  
 (d)  During a Participant s lifetime, Purchase Rights will be exercisable only by such Participant.  Purchase Rights are not transferable by a Participant, except by will, by the laws of descent and distribution, or, if permitted by the Company, by a beneficiary designation as described in Section 10.    
 (e)  Unless otherwise specified in the Offering or required by applicable law, the Company will have no obligation to pay interest on Contributions.  
   8. Exercise of Purchase Rights. 
   (a)  On each Purchase Date, each Participant s accumulated Contributions will be applied to the purchase of shares of Common Stock, up to the maximum number of shares of Common   
 6 

Stock permitted by the Plan and the applicable Offering, at the purchase price specified in the Offering.  No fractional shares will be issued unless specifically provided for in the Offering.  
 (b)  If any amount of accumulated Contributions remains in a Participant s account after the purchase of shares of Common Stock on the final Purchase Date of an Offering, then such remaining amount will not roll over to the next Offering and will instead be distributed in full to such Participant after the final Purchase Date of such Offering without interest (unless otherwise required by applicable law).  
 (c)  No Purchase Rights may be exercised to any extent unless the shares of Common Stock to be issued upon such exercise under the Plan are covered by an effective registration statement pursuant to the Securities Act and the Plan is in material compliance with all applicable federal, state, foreign and other securities and other laws applicable to the Plan.  If on a Purchase Date the shares of Common Stock are not so registered or the Plan is not in such compliance, no Purchase Rights will be exercised on such Purchase Date, and the Purchase Date will be delayed until the shares of Common Stock are subject to such an effective registration statement and the Plan is in material compliance, except that the Purchase Date will in no event be more than 27 months from the Offering Date.  If, on the Purchase Date, as delayed to the maximum extent permissible, the shares of Common Stock are not registered and the Plan is not in material compliance with all applicable laws, no Purchase Rights will be exercised and all accumulated but unused Contributions will be distributed to the Participants without interest.  
 9.  Covenants of the Company . 
 The Company will seek to obtain from each federal, state, foreign or other regulatory commission or agency having jurisdiction over the Plan such authority as may be required to grant Purchase Rights and issue and sell shares of Common Stock thereunder.  If, after commercially reasonable efforts, the Company is unable to obtain the authority that counsel for the Company deems necessary for the grant of Purchase Rights or the lawful issuance and sale of Common Stock under the Plan, and at a commercially reasonable cost, the Company will be relieved from any liability for failure to grant Purchase Rights and/or to issue and sell Common Stock upon exercise of such Purchase Rights. 
   10.  Designation of Beneficiary . 
 (a)  The Company may, but is not obligated to, permit a Participant to submit a form designating a beneficiary who will receive any shares of Common Stock and/or Contributions from the Participant s account under the Plan if the Participant dies before such shares and/or Contributions are delivered to the Participant.  The Company may, but is not obligated to, permit the Participant to change such designation of beneficiary. Any such designation and/or change must be on a form approved by the Company.  
   (b)  If a Participant dies, and in the absence of a valid beneficiary designation, the Company will deliver any shares of Common Stock and/or Contributions to the executor or administrator of the estate of the Participant.  If no executor or administrator has been appointed (to the knowledge of the Company), the Company, in its sole discretion, may deliver such shares of Common Stock   
 7 

and/or Contributions to the Participant s spouse, dependents or relatives, or if no spouse, dependent or relative is known to the Company, then to such other person as the Company may designate.  
 11.  Adjustments upon Changes in Common Stock; Corporate Transactions . 
     (a)  In the event of a Capitalization Adjustment, the Board will appropriately and proportionately adjust: (i) the class(es) and maximum number of securities subject to the Plan pursuant to Section 3(a), (ii) the class(es) and maximum number of securities by which the share reserve is to increase automatically each year pursuant to Section 3(a), (iii) the class(es) and number of securities subject to, and the purchase price applicable to outstanding Offerings and Purchase Rights, and (iv) the class(es) and number of securities that are the subject of the purchase limits under each ongoing Offering.  The Board will make these adjustments, and its determination will be final, binding and conclusive.   
 (b)  In the event of a Corporate Transaction, then: (i) any surviving corporation or acquiring corporation   (or the surviving or acquiring corporation s parent company)   may assume or continue outstanding Purchase Rights or may substitute similar rights (including a right to acquire the same consideration paid to the stockholders in the Corporate Transaction) for outstanding Purchase Rights, or (ii) if any surviving or acquiring corporation   (or its parent company)     does not assume or continue such Purchase Rights or does not substitute similar rights for such Purchase Rights,   then the Participants  accumulated Contributions will be used to purchase shares of Common Stock within ten business days prior to the Corporate Transaction under the outstanding Purchase Rights, and the Purchase Rights will terminate immediately after such purchase.  
   12.  Amendment, Termination or Suspension of the Plan . 
 (a)  The Board may amend the Plan at any time in any respect the Board deems necessary or advisable.  However, except as provided in Section 11(a) relating to Capitalization Adjustments, stockholder approval will be required for any amendment of the Plan for which stockholder approval is required by applicable law or listing requirements, including any amendment that either (i) materially increases the number of shares of Common Stock available for issuance under the Plan, (ii) materially expands the class of individuals eligible to become Participants and receive Purchase Rights, (iii) materially increases the benefits accruing to Participants under the Plan or materially reduces the price at which shares of Common Stock may be purchased under the Plan, (iv) materially extends the term of the Plan, or (v) expands the types of awards available for issuance under the Plan, but in each of (i) through (v) above only to the extent stockholder approval is required by applicable law or listing requirements.  
 (b)  The Board may suspend or terminate the Plan at any time.  No Purchase Rights may be granted under the Plan while the Plan is suspended or after it is terminated.  
   (c)  Any benefits, privileges, entitlements and obligations under any outstanding Purchase Rights granted before an amendment, suspension or termination of the Plan will not be materially impaired by any such amendment, suspension or termination except (i) with the consent of the person to whom such Purchase Rights were granted, (ii) as necessary to comply with any laws, listing requirements, or governmental regulations (including, without limitation,   
 8 

the provisions of Section 423 of the Code and the regulations and other interpretive guidance issued thereunder relating to Employee Stock Purchase Plans) including without limitation any such regulations or other guidance that may be issued or amended after the Effective Date, or (iii) as necessary to obtain or maintain favorable tax, listing, or regulatory treatment.  To be clear, the Board may amend outstanding Purchase Rights without a Participant s consent if such amendment is necessary to ensure that the Purchase Right and/or the Plan complies with the requirements of Section 423 of the Code.  
   13.  Effective Date of Plan . 
 The Plan will become effective on the IPO Date.  No Purchase Rights will be exercised unless and until the Plan has been approved by the stockholders of the Company, which approval must be within 12 months before or after the date the Plan is adopted (or if required under Section 12(a) above, materially amended) by the Board.  
 14.  Miscellaneous Provisions . 
 (a)  Proceeds from the sale of shares of Common Stock pursuant to Purchase Rights will constitute general funds of the Company.  
 (b)  A Participant will not be deemed to be the holder of, or to have any of the rights of a holder with respect to, shares of Common Stock subject to Purchase Rights unless and until the Participant s shares of Common Stock acquired upon exercise of Purchase Rights are recorded in the books of the Company (or its transfer agent).  
 (c)  The Plan and Offering do not constitute an employment contract.  Nothing in the Plan or in the Offering will in any way alter the at will nature of a Participant s employment, if applicable, or be deemed to create in any way whatsoever any obligation on the part of any Participant to continue in the employ of the Company or a Related Corporation, or on the part of the Company or a Related Corporation to continue the employment of a Participant.  
 (d)  The provisions of the Plan will be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware without resort to that state s conflicts of laws rules.  
 (e)  If any particular provision of the Plan is found to be invalid or otherwise unenforceable, such provision will not affect the other provisions of the Plan, but the Plan will be construed in all respects as if such invalid provision were omitted.  
 15. Definitions. 
 As used in the Plan, the following definitions will apply to the capitalized terms indicated below: 
 (a)     Board        means the Board of Directors of the Company.  
   (b)     Capitalization Adjustment    means any change that is made in, or other events that occur with respect to, the Common Stock subject to the Plan or subject to any Purchase Right after the Effective Date without the receipt of consideration by the Company through merger,   
 9 

consolidation, reorganization, recapitalization, reincorporation, stock dividend, dividend in property other than cash, large nonrecurring cash dividend, stock split, liquidating dividend, combination of shares, exchange of shares, change in corporate structure or other similar equity restructuring transaction, as that term is used in Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718 (or any successor thereto).  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the conversion of any convertible securities of the Company will not be treated as a Capitalization Adjustment.  
 (c)     Code        means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, including any applicable regulations and guidance thereunder  .  
 (d)     Committee        means a committee of one or more members of the Board to whom authority has been delegated by the Board in accordance with Section 2(c).  
 (e)     Common Stock    means the common stock of the Company.  
 (f)     Company    means Everbridge, Inc., a Delaware corporation.  
 (g)   Contributions    means the payroll deductions and other additional payments specifically provided for in the Offering that a Participant contributes to fund the exercise of a Purchase Right. A Participant may make additional payments into his or her account if specifically provided for in the Offering, and then only if the Participant has not already had the maximum permitted amount withheld during the Offering through payroll deductions.  
 (h)     Corporate Transaction    means the consummation, in a single transaction or in a series of related transactions, of any one or more of the following events:  
 (i)  a sale   or other disposition of all or substantially all, as determined by the Board in its sole discretion, of the consolidated assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries;  
 (ii)  a sale or other disposition of more than 50% of the outstanding securities of the Company;  
 (iii)  a merger, consolidation or similar transaction following which the Company is not the surviving corporation; or  
 (iv)  a merger, consolidation or similar transaction following which the Company is the surviving corporation but the shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately preceding the merger, consolidation or similar transaction are converted or exchanged by virtue of the merger, consolidation or similar transaction into other property, whether in the form of securities, cash or otherwise.  
 (i)     Director        means a member of the Board.  
 (j)     Effective Date      means the effective date of the Plan, as set forth in Section 13.  
 10 

(k)        Eligible Employee        means an Employee who meets the requirements set forth in the document(s) governing the Offering for eligibility to participate in the Offering, provided that such Employee also meets the requirements for eligibility to participate set forth in the Plan.  
 (l)     Employee        means any person, including an Officer or Director, who is  employed  for purposes of Section 423(b)(4) of the Code by the Company or a Related Corporation.  However, service solely as a Director, or payment of a fee for such services, will not cause a Director to be considered an  Employee  for purposes of the Plan.    
 (m)     Employee Stock Purchase Plan        means a plan that grants Purchase Rights intended to be options issued under an  employee stock purchase plan,  as that term is defined in Section 423(b) of the Code.  
 (n)     Exchange Act        means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.  
 (o)     Fair Market Value    means, as of any date, the value of the Common Stock determined as follows:  
 (i)  If the Common Stock is listed on any established stock exchange or traded on any established market, the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock will be the   closing sales price   for such stock as quoted on such exchange or market (or the exchange or market with the greatest volume of trading in the Common Stock)   on the date of determination  , as reported in such source as the Board deems reliable.  Unless otherwise provided by the Board, if there is no closing sales price for the Common Stock on the date of determination, then the Fair Market Value will be the closing sales price on the last preceding date for which such quotation exists.  
 (ii)  In the absence of such markets for the Common Stock, the Fair Market Value will be determined by the Board in good faith in compliance with applicable laws and in a manner that complies with Sections 409A of the Code.  
 (iii)  Notwithstanding the foregoing, for any Offering that commences on the IPO Date, the Fair Market Value of the shares of Common Stock on the Offering Date will be the price per share at which shares are first sold to the public in the Company s initial public offering as specified in the final prospectus for that initial public offering.  
 (p)     IPO Date        means the date of the underwriting agreement between the Company and the underwriter(s) managing the initial public offering of the Common Stock, pursuant to which the Common Stock is priced for the initial public offering.  
 (q)     Offering        means the grant to Eligible Employees of Purchase Rights, with the exercise of those Purchase Rights automatically occurring at the end of one or more Purchase Periods. The terms and conditions of an Offering will generally be set forth in the    Offering Document    approved by the Board for that Offering.  
 (r)     Offering Date    means a date selected by the Board for an Offering to commence.  
 11 

(s)        Officer        means     a person who is an officer of the Company or a Related Corporation within the meaning of Section 16 of the Exchange Act.  
 (t)     Participant        means an Eligible Employee who holds an outstanding Purchase Right.  
 (u)     Plan        means this Everbridge, Inc. 2016 Employee Stock Purchase Plan.  
 (v)     Purchase Date        means one or more dates during an Offering selected by the Board on which Purchase Rights will be exercised and on which purchases of shares of Common Stock will be carried out in accordance with such Offering.  
 (w)     Purchase Period    means a period of time specified within an Offering, generally beginning on the Offering Date or on the first Trading Day following a Purchase Date, and ending on a Purchase Date.  An Offering may consist of one or more Purchase Periods.  
 (x)     Purchase Right        means an option to purchase shares of Common Stock granted pursuant to the Plan.  
 (y)     Related Corporation        means any  parent corporation  or  subsidiary corporation  of the Company whether now or subsequently established, as those terms are defined in Sections 424(e) and (f), respectively, of the Code.  
 (z)     Securities Act        means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.  
 (aa)     Trading Day      means any day on which the exchange(s) or market(s) on which shares of Common Stock are listed, including but not limited to the NYSE, Nasdaq Global Select Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Capital Market or any successors thereto, is open for trading.  
   
 12  

</EX-10.2>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 evbg-ex311_287.htm
 EX-31.1

evbg-ex311_287.htm

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Jaime Ellertson, certify that: 

1.   
 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Everbridge, Inc.;    

2.   
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;    

3.   
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;    

4.   
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have:    

(a)   
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;    

(b)   
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and    

(c)   
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5.   
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):    

(a)   
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and    

(b)   
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

Date: November 14, 2016  

By:  

/s/ Jaime Ellertson  

Name:  Jaime Ellertson   

Title:  President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 evbg-ex312_286.htm
 EX-31.2

evbg-ex312_286.htm

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Kenneth S. Goldman, certify that: 

1.   
 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Everbridge, Inc.;    

2.   
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;    

3.   
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;    

4.   
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have:    

(a)   
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;    

(b)   
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and    

(c)   
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5.   
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):    

(a)   
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and    

(b)   
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

Date: November 14, 2016  

By:  

/s/ Kenneth S. Goldman  

Name:  Kenneth S. Goldman   

Title:  Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 evbg-ex321_285.htm
 EX-32.1

evbg-ex321_285.htm

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 Pursuant to the requirement set forth in Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (the  Exchange Act ) and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code (18 U.S.C.  1350), I, Jaime Ellertson, President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors of Everbridge, Inc., do hereby certify that, to the best of my knowledge, the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Everbridge, Inc. for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ): 

(1)   
 
 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act; and    

(2)   
 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of Everbridge, Inc. for the period presented herein.    

Date: November 14, 2016  

By:  

/s/ Jaime Ellertson  

Name:  Jaime Ellertson   

Title:  President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors   

This certification accompanies the Form 10-Q to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Everbridge, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of the Form 10-Q), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 evbg-ex322_284.htm
 EX-32.2

evbg-ex322_284.htm

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 Pursuant to the requirement set forth in Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (the  Exchange Act ) and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code (18 U.S.C.  1350), I, Kenneth S. Goldman, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Everbridge, Inc., do hereby certify that, to the best of my knowledge, the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Everbridge, Inc. for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ): 

(1)   
 
 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act; and    

(2)   
 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of Everbridge, Inc. for the period presented herein.    

Date: November 14, 2016  

By:  

/s/ Kenneth S. Goldman  

Name:  Kenneth S. Goldman   

Title:  Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer   

This certification accompanies the Form 10-Q to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Everbridge, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of the Form 10-Q), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 8
 evbg-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 evbg-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 evbg-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 evbg-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 evbg-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 evbg-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

