<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161115_10-K_edgar_data_1260221_0001260221-16-000107_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>33222043</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>709135</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>15085640</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7572853</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>7111690</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2277888</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>104</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>49</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001260221-16-000107.hdr.sgml : 20161115
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161115124025
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001260221-16-000107
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		211
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161115
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161115

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TransDigm Group INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001260221
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	AIRCRAFT PART & AUXILIARY EQUIPMENT, NEC [3728]
		IRS NUMBER:				510484716
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-32833
		FILM NUMBER:		161998774

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1301 EAST 9TH STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 3000
		CITY:			CLEVELAND
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			44114
		BUSINESS PHONE:		216 706 2960

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1301 EAST 9TH STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 3000
		CITY:			CLEVELAND
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			44114

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TD HOLDING CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20030818

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001260221-16-000107.txt : 20161115

10-K
 1
 tdg2016-09x3010xk.htm
 10-K

Document 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 

For the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2016    

For the transition period from              to              
  Commission File Number 001-32833 

TransDigm Group Incorporated 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Delaware 
  (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
  41-2101738 
  (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

(216) 706-2960 
  (Registrants  telephone number, including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
                   Common Stock 
      
    New York Stock Exchange 
      (Title) 
      
    (Name of exchange on which registered) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
  None 
  Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.    Yes    x      No      
  Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.    Yes           No    x 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes    x      No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes    x      No      
  Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
                           Large accelerated filer    x 
      
        Accelerated filer      
      
        Non-accelerated filer      
      
        Smaller reporting company      

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes           No    x 
  The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of   March 31, 2016  , based upon the last sale price of such voting and non-voting common stock on that date, was   $10,869,510,353  . 
  The number of shares outstanding of TransDigm Group Incorporated s common stock, par value $.01 per share, was   53,347,732   as of   November 6, 2016  . 
  Documents incorporated by reference: The registrant incorporates by reference in Part III hereof portions of its definitive Proxy Statement for its 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 

Table of Contents  

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
      PART I 

ITEM 1  
     BUSINESS  
    1 
       ITEM 1A  
     RISK FACTORS  
    6 
       ITEM 1B  
     UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS  
    14 
       ITEM 2  
     PROPERTIES  
    14 
       ITEM 3  
     LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  
    15 
      PART II 

ITEM 5  
     MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES  
    16 
       ITEM 6  
     SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA  
    18 
       ITEM 7  
     MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  
    24 
       ITEM 7A  
     QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK  
    38 
       ITEM 8  
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA  
    38 
       ITEM 9  
     CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE  
    38 
       ITEM 9A  
     CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  
    38 
       ITEM 9B  
     OTHER INFORMATION  
    41 
      PART III 

ITEM 10  
     DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE  
    41 
       ITEM 11  
     EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION  
    42 
       ITEM 12  
     SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS  
    42 
       ITEM 13  
     CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE  
    43 
       ITEM 14  
     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES  
    43 
      PART IV 

ITEM 15  
     EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES  
    44 
        
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA  
    67 

Table of Contents  

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
  This report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), and 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Discussions containing such forward-looking statements may be found in Items 1, 1A, 2, 3, 5, 7 and 7A hereof and elsewhere within this Report generally. In addition, when used in this Report, the words  believe,   may,   will,   should,   expect,   intend,   plan,   predict,   anticipate,   estimate  or  continue  and other words and terms of similar meaning are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although the Company (as defined below) believes that its plans, intentions and expectations reflected in or suggested by such forward-looking statements are reasonable, such forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements made in this Report. The more important of such risks and uncertainties are set forth under the caption  Risk Factors  and elsewhere in this Report. Many such factors are outside the control of the Company. Consequently, such forward-looking statements should be regarded solely as our current plans, estimates and beliefs. We do not undertake, and specifically decline, any obligation, to publicly release the results of any revisions to these forward-looking statements that may be made to reflect any future events or circumstances after the date of such statements or to reflect the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events. All forward-looking statements attributable to the Company or persons acting on its behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by these cautionary statements. 
  Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K include but are not limited to: the sensitivity of our business to the number of flight hours that our customers  planes spend aloft and our customers  profitability, both of which are affected by general economic conditions; future geopolitical or other worldwide events; cyber-security threats and natural disasters; our reliance on certain customers; the U.S. defense budget and risks associated with being a government supplier; failure to maintain government or industry approvals; failure to complete or successfully integrate acquisitions; our indebtedness; potential environmental liabilities; increases in raw material costs, taxes and labor costs that cannot be recovered in product pricing; risks and costs associated with our international sales and operations; and other factors.  
  In this report, the term  TD Group  refers to TransDigm Group Incorporated, which holds all of the outstanding capital stock of TransDigm Inc. The terms  Company,   TransDigm,   we,   us,   our  and similar terms refer to TD Group, together with TransDigm Inc. and its direct and indirect subsidiaries. References to  fiscal year  mean the year ending or ended September 30. For example,  fiscal year   2016    or  fiscal   2016    means the period from October 1,   2015   to September 30,   2016  . 

PART I 

ITEM 1.    BUSINESS 
  The Company 
  TransDigm Inc. was formed in 1993 in connection with a leveraged buyout transaction. TD Group was formed in 2003 to facilitate a leveraged buyout of TransDigm Inc. The Company was owned by private equity funds until its initial public offering in 2006. TD Group s common stock is publicly traded on the New York Stock Exchange, or NYSE, under the ticker symbol  TDG.  
  We believe we are a leading global designer, producer and supplier of highly engineered aircraft components for use on nearly all commercial and military aircraft in service today. Our business is well diversified due to the broad range of products we offer to our customers. We estimate that about 90% of our net sales for fiscal year 2016 were generated by proprietary products. In addition, for fiscal year 2016, we estimate that we generated about 80% of our net sales from products for which we are the sole source provider. 
  Most of our products generate significant aftermarket revenue. Once our parts are designed into and sold on a new aircraft, we generate net sales from aftermarket consumption over the life of that aircraft, which is generally estimated to be approximately 25 to 30 years. A typical platform can be produced for 20 to 30 years, giving us an estimated product life cycle in excess of 50 years. We estimate that approximately 54% of our net sales in fiscal year   2016   were generated from aftermarket sales, the vast majority of which come from the commercial and military aftermarkets. These aftermarket revenues have historically produced a higher gross margin and been more stable than sales to original equipment manufacturers, or OEMs. 
  Products 
  We primarily design, produce and supply highly engineered proprietary aerospace components (and certain systems/subsystems) with significant aftermarket content. We seek to develop highly customized products to solve specific needs for aircraft operators and manufacturers. We attempt to differentiate ourselves based on engineering, service and manufacturing capabilities. We typically choose not to compete for non-proprietary  build to print  business because it frequently offers lower  
  
   1 

     Table of Contents  

margins than proprietary products. We believe that our products have strong brand names within the industry and that we have a reputation for high quality, reliability and customer support. 
  Our business is well diversified due to the broad range of products that we offer to our customers. Some of our more significant product offerings, substantially all of which are ultimately provided to end-users in the aerospace industry, include mechanical/electro-mechanical actuators and controls, ignition systems and engine technology, specialized pumps and valves, power conditioning devices, specialized AC/DC electric motors and generators, NiCad batteries and chargers, engineered latching and locking devices, rods and locking devices, engineered connectors and elastomers, databus and power controls, cockpit security components and systems, specialized cockpit displays, aircraft audio systems, specialized lavatory components, seat belts and safety restraints, engineered interior surfaces and related components, lighting and control technology, military personnel parachutes, high performance hoists, winches and lifting devices and cargo loading, handling and delivery systems. 
  Segments 
  The Company s businesses are organized and managed in three reporting segments: Power   Control, Airframe and Non-aviation. 
  The Power   Control segment includes operations that primarily develop, produce and market systems and components that predominately provide power to or control power of the aircraft utilizing electronic, fluid, power and mechanical motion control technologies. Major product offerings include mechanical/electro-mechanical actuators and controls, ignition systems and engine technology, specialized pumps and valves, power conditioning devices, specialized AC/DC electric motors and generators, databus and power controls, high performance hoists, winches and lifting devices and cargo loading and handling systems. Primary customers of this segment are engine and power system and subsystem suppliers, airlines, third party maintenance suppliers, military buying agencies and repair depots. Products are sold in the OEM and aftermarket market channels. 
  The Airframe segment includes operations that primarily develop, produce and market systems and components that are used in non-power airframe applications utilizing airframe and cabin structure technologies. Major product offerings include engineered latching and locking devices, rods and locking devices, engineered connectors and elastomers, cockpit security components and systems, aircraft audio systems, specialized lavatory components, seat belts and safety restraints, engineered interior surfaces and related components, lighting and control technology, military personnel parachutes and cargo delivery systems. Primary customers of this segment are airframe manufacturers and cabin system suppliers and subsystem suppliers, airlines, third party maintenance suppliers, military buying agencies and repair depots. Products are sold in the OEM and aftermarket market channels. 
  The Non-aviation segment includes operations that primarily develop, produce and market products for non-aviation markets. Major product offerings include seat belts and safety restraints for ground transportation applications, mechanical/electro-mechanical actuators and controls for space applications, and refueling systems for heavy equipment used in mining, construction and other industries. Primary customers of this segment are off-road vehicle suppliers and subsystem suppliers, child restraint system suppliers, satellite and space system suppliers and manufacturers of heavy equipment used in mining, construction and other industries. 
  For financial information about our segments, see Note 16,  Segments  to our consolidated financial statements included herein. 
  Sales and Marketing 
  Consistent with our overall strategy, our sales and marketing organization is structured to continually develop technical solutions that meet customer needs. In particular, we attempt to focus on products and programs that will lead to high-margin, repeatable sales in the aftermarket. 
  We have structured our sales efforts along our major product offerings, assigning a business unit manager to certain products. Each business unit manager is expected to grow the sales and profitability of the products for which he or she is responsible and to achieve the targeted annual level of bookings, sales, new business and profitability for such products. The business unit managers are assisted by account managers and sales engineers who are responsible for covering major OEM and aftermarket accounts. Account managers and sales engineers are expected to be familiar with the personnel, organization and needs of specific customers to achieve total bookings and new business goals at each account and, together with the business unit managers, to determine when additional resources are required at customer locations. Most of our sales personnel are evaluated, in part, on their bookings and their ability to identify and obtain new business opportunities. 
  Though typically performed by employees, the account manager function may be performed by independent representatives depending on the specific customer, product and geographic location. We also use a number of distributors to  
  
   2 

     Table of Contents  

provide logistical support as well as serve as a primary customer contact with certain smaller accounts. Our major distributors are Aviall, Inc. (a subsidiary of The Boeing Company) and Satair A/S (a subsidiary of Airbus S.A.S.). 
  Manufacturing and Engineering 
  We maintain 57 principal manufacturing facilities. Most of our manufacturing facilities are comprised of manufacturing, distribution and engineering functions, and most facilities have certain administrative functions, including management, sales and finance. We continually strive to improve productivity and reduce costs, including rationalization of operations, developing improved control systems that allow for accurate accounting and reporting, investing in equipment, tooling, information systems and implementing broad-based employee training programs. Management believes that our manufacturing systems and equipment contribute to our ability to compete by permitting us to meet the rigorous tolerances and cost sensitive price structure of aircraft component customers. 
  We attempt to differentiate ourselves from our competitors by producing uniquely engineered products with high quality and timely delivery. Our engineering costs are recorded in cost of sales and in selling and administrative expenses and research and development costs are recorded in selling and administrative expenses in our consolidated statements of income. The aggregate of engineering expense and research and development expense represents approximately 7% of our operating units  aggregate costs, or approximately 4% of our consolidated net sales. Our proprietary products, and particularly our new product initiatives, are designed by our engineers and are intended to serve the needs of the aircraft component industry. These proprietary designs must withstand the extraordinary conditions and stresses that will be endured by products during use and meet the rigorous demands of our customers  tolerance and quality requirements. 
  We use sophisticated equipment and procedures to comply with quality requirements, specifications and Federal Aviation Administration ( FAA ) and OEM requirements. We perform a variety of testing procedures as required by our customers, such as testing under different temperature, humidity and altitude levels, shock and vibration testing and X-ray fluorescent measurement. These procedures, together with other customer approved techniques for document, process and quality control, are used throughout our manufacturing facilities.  Refer to Note 3,  Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  to the consolidated financial statements included herein with respect to total costs of research and development, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
  Customers 
  We predominantly serve customers in the commercial, regional, business jet and general aviation aftermarket, which accounts for approximately 37% of total sales; the commercial aerospace OEM market, comprising large commercial transport manufacturers and regional and business jet manufacturers, which accounts for approximately 29% of total sales; and the defense market, which accounts for approximately 30% of total sales. Non-aerospace sales comprise approximately 4% of our total sales. 
  Our customers include: (1) distributors of aerospace components; (2) worldwide commercial airlines, including national and regional airlines; (3) large commercial transport and regional and business aircraft OEMs; (4) various armed forces of the United States and friendly foreign governments; (5) defense OEMs; (6) system suppliers; and (7) various other industrial customers. For the year ended September 30,   2016  , Airbus S.A.S. (which includes Satair A/S, a distributor of commercial aftermarket parts to airlines throughout the world) accounted for approximately 13% of our net sales and The Boeing Company (which includes Aviall, Inc., also a distributor of commercial aftermarket parts to airlines throughout the world) accounted for approximately 12% of our net sales. Our top ten customers for fiscal year   2016   accounted for approximately 45% of our net sales. Products supplied to many of our customers are used on multiple platforms. 
  Active commercial production programs include the Boeing 737, 747, 767, 777 and 787, the Airbus A318/19/20/21 (including neo), A330/A340, A350 and A380, the Bombardier CRJ s, Challenger and Learjets, the Embraer RJ s, the Cessna Citation family, the Raytheon Premier and Hawker and most Gulfstream airframes. Military platforms include aircraft such as the Boeing C-17, F-15, F-18, P-8 and V-22, the Airbus A400M, the Lockheed Martin C-130J, F-16 and F-35 Joint Strikefighter, the Northrop Grumman E-2C Hawkeye, the Sikorsky UH-60 helicopter, CH-47 Chinook and AH-64 Apache helicopters, the General Atomics Predator Drone and the Raytheon Patriot Missile. TransDigm has been awarded numerous contracts for the development of engineered products for production on the Airbus A330neo, the Boeing 737 MAX and 777X, the Embraer 175/190/195 E2, the Sikorsky S-97 and JMR helicopter. 
  The markets in which we sell our products are, to varying degrees, cyclical and have experienced upswings and downturns.  The demand for our commercial aftermarket parts and services depends on, among other things, the breadth of our installed OEM base, revenue passenger miles ( RPMs ), the size and age of the worldwide aircraft fleet and, to a lesser extent, airline profitability. The demand for defense products is specifically dependent on government budget trends, military campaigns and political pressures. 
  
   3 

     Table of Contents  

Competition 
  The niche markets within the aerospace industry that we serve are relatively fragmented and we face several competitors for many of the products and services we provide. Due to the global nature of the commercial aircraft industry, competition in these categories comes from both U.S. and foreign companies. Competitors in our product offerings range in size from divisions of large public corporations to small privately-held entities with only one or two components in their entire product portfolios. 
  We compete on the basis of engineering, manufacturing and marketing high quality products, which we believe meet or exceed the performance and maintenance requirements of our customers, consistent and timely delivery, and superior customer service and support. The industry s stringent regulatory, certification and technical requirements, and the investments necessary in the development and certification of products, create barriers to entry for potential new competitors. As long as customers receive products that meet or exceed expectations and performance standards, we believe that they will have a reduced incentive to certify another supplier because of the cost and time of the technical design and testing certification process. In addition, we believe that the availability, dependability and safety of our products are reasons for our customers to continue long-term supplier relationships. 
  Government Contracts 
  Companies engaged in supplying defense-related equipment and services to U.S. Government agencies are subject to business risks specific to the defense industry. These risks include the ability of the U.S. Government to unilaterally: (1) suspend us from receiving new contracts based on alleged violations of procurement laws or regulations; (2) terminate existing contracts; (3) reduce the value of existing contracts; (4) audit our contract-related costs and fees, including allocated indirect costs; and (5) control and potentially prohibit the export of our products. 
  Governmental Regulation 
  The commercial aircraft component industry is highly regulated by the FAA in the United States and by the Joint Aviation Authorities in Europe and other agencies throughout the world, while the military aircraft component industry is governed by military quality specifications. We, and the components we manufacture, are required to be certified by one or more of these entities or agencies, and, in many cases, by individual OEMs, in order to engineer and service parts and components used in specific aircraft models. 
  We must also satisfy the requirements of our customers, including OEMs and airlines that are subject to FAA regulations, and provide these customers with products and services that comply with the government regulations applicable to commercial flight operations. In addition, the FAA requires that various maintenance routines be performed on aircraft components. We believe that we currently satisfy or exceed these maintenance standards in our repair and overhaul services. We also maintain several FAA approved repair stations. 
  In addition, our businesses are subject to many other laws and requirements typically applicable to manufacturers and exporters. Without limiting the foregoing, sales of many of our products that will be used on aircraft owned by foreign entities are subject to compliance with export control laws and the manufacture of our products and the operations of our businesses, including the disposal of hazardous wastes, are subject to compliance with applicable environmental laws. 
  Market Channels 
  The commercial aerospace industry, including the aftermarket and OEM market, is impacted by the health of the global economy and geo-political events around the world. The commercial aerospace industry had shown strength with increases in revenue passenger miles, or RPMs, between 2003 and 2008, as well as increases in OEM production and backlog. However, in 2009, the global economic downturn negatively impacted the commercial aerospace industry causing RPMs to decline slightly. This market sector began to rebound in 2010 and positive growth has continued through 2016 with increases in RPMs, as well as the growth in the large commercial OEM sector (aircraft with 100 or more seats) with order announcements by The Boeing Company and Airbus S.A.S. leading to planned increases in production. The 2017 leading indicators and industry consensus suggest a continuation of current trends in the commercial transport market sector supported by continued RPM growth and increases in production at the OEM level. 
  The defense aerospace market is dependent on government budget constraints, the timing of orders and the extent of global conflicts. It is not necessarily affected by general economic conditions that affect the commercial aerospace industry. 
  Our presence in both the commercial aerospace and military sectors of the aerospace industry may mitigate the impact on our business of any specific industry risk. We service a diversified customer base in the commercial and military aerospace industry, and we provide components to a diverse installed base of aircraft, which mitigates our exposure to any individual airframe platform. At times, declines in sales in one channel have been offset by increased sales in another. However, due to differences between the profitability of our products sold to OEM and aftermarket customers, variation in product mix can cause variation in gross margin. 
  
   4 

     Table of Contents  

There are many short-term factors (including inventory corrections, unannounced changes in order patterns, strikes and mergers and acquisitions) that can cause short-term disruptions in our quarterly shipment patterns as compared to previous quarters and the same periods in prior years. As such, it can be difficult to determine longer-term trends in our business based on quarterly comparisons. To normalize for short-term fluctuations, we tend to look at our performance over several quarters or years of activity rather than discrete short-term periods. 
  There are also fluctuations in OEM and aftermarket ordering and delivery requests from quarter-to-quarter, as well as variations in product mix from quarter-to-quarter, that may cause positive or negative variations in gross profit margins since commercial aftermarket sales have historically produced a higher gross margin than sales to commercial OEMs. Again, in many instances these are timing events between quarters and must be balanced with macro aerospace industry indicators. 
  Commercial Aftermarket 
  The key growth factors in the commercial aftermarket include worldwide RPMs and the size and activity level of the worldwide fleet of aircraft. After a decline in RPMs in 2009, worldwide RPMs returned to growth between 2010 and 2016 and current industry consensus indicates that positive RPM growth will continue in 2017. 
  Commercial OEM Market 
  The commercial transport market sector, the largest sector in the commercial OEM market, grew modestly during 2016. Our commercial transport OEM shipments and revenues generally run ahead of the Boeing and Airbus airframe delivery schedules. As a result and consistent with prior years, our fiscal 2017 shipments will be a function of, among other things, the estimated 2017 and 2018 commercial airframe production rates. We have been experiencing increased sales in the large commercial OEM sector (aircraft with 100 or more seats) driven by an increase in production by The Boeing Company and Airbus S.A.S tied to previous order announcements. Industry consensus indicates this production increase will continue in 2017 and 2018, though the growth may continue to moderate and begin to flatten. 
  Defense 
  Our military business fluctuates from year to year, and is dependent, to a degree, on government budget constraints, the timing of orders and the extent of global conflicts. In recent years, defense spending has reached historic highs, due in part to the military engagements in Afghanistan and Iraq and the war on terrorism. For a variety of reasons, the military spending outlook is very uncertain. For planning purposes we assume that military related sales of our types of products to be flat in future years over the recent high levels. 
  Raw Materials 
  We require the use of various raw materials in our manufacturing processes. We also purchase a variety of manufactured component parts from various suppliers. At times, we concentrate our orders among a few suppliers in order to strengthen our supplier relationships. Most of our raw materials and component parts are generally available from multiple suppliers at competitive prices. 
  Intellectual Property 
  We have various trade secrets, proprietary information, trademarks, trade names, patents, copyrights and other intellectual property rights, which we believe, in the aggregate but not individually, are important to our business. 
  Backlog 
  As of September 30,   2016  , the Company estimated its sales order backlog at $1,554 million compared to an estimated sales order backlog of $1,428 million as of September 30,   2015  . The increase in estimated sales order backlog is primarily due to acquisitions.  The majority of the purchase orders outstanding as of September 30,   2016   are scheduled for delivery within the next twelve months. Purchase orders may be subject to cancellation or deferral by the customer prior to shipment. The level of unfilled purchase orders at any given date during the year will be materially affected by the timing of the Company s receipt of purchase orders and the speed with which those orders are filled. Accordingly, the Company s backlog as of September 30,   2016   may not necessarily represent the actual amount of shipments or sales for any future period. 
  Foreign Operations 
  Although we manufacture a significant portion of our products in the United States, we manufacture some products in Belgium, China, Germany, Hungary, Malaysia, Mexico, Norway, Sri Lanka, Sweden, and the United Kingdom. Although the majority of sales of our products are made to customers (including distributors) located in the United States, our products are ultimately sold to and used by customers (including airlines and other end users of aircraft) throughout the world. A number of risks inherent in international operations could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, including currency fluctuations, difficulties in staffing and managing multi-national operations, general economic and political uncertainties and potential for social unrest in countries in which we operate, limitations on our ability to enforce legal rights and remedies,  
  
   5 

     Table of Contents  

restrictions on the repatriation of funds, change in trade policies, tariff regulation, difficulties in obtaining export and import licenses and the risk of government financed competition. 
  Environmental Matters 
  Our operations and facilities are subject to a number of federal, state, local and foreign environmental laws and regulations that govern, among other things, discharges of pollutants into the air and water, the generation, handling, storage and disposal of hazardous materials and wastes, the remediation of contamination and the health and safety of our employees. Environmental laws and regulations may require that the Company investigate and remediate the effects of the release or disposal of materials at sites associated with past and present operations. Certain facilities and third-party sites utilized by the Company have been identified as potentially responsible parties under the federal superfund laws and comparable state laws. The Company is currently involved in the investigation and remediation of a number of sites under applicable laws. 
  Employees 
  As of September 30,   2016  , we had approximately 9,300 full-time, part-time and temporary employees. Approximately 11% of our full-time and part-time employees were represented by labor unions. Collective bargaining agreements between us and these labor unions expire at various dates ranging from November 2016 to April 2020. We consider our relationship with our employees generally to be satisfactory.  
  Available Information 
  TD Group s Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K, including any amendments, will be made available free of charge on the Company s website,   www.transdigm.com  , as soon as reasonably practicable, following the filing of the reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

ITEM 1A.    RISK FACTORS 
  Set forth below are important risks and uncertainties that could negatively affect our business and financial condition and could cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements contained in this report. 
  Our commercial business is sensitive to the number of flight hours that our customers  planes spend aloft, the size and age of the worldwide aircraft fleet and our customers  profitability. These items are, in turn, affected by general economic and geopolitical and other worldwide conditions. 
  Our commercial business is directly affected by, among other factors, changes in revenue passenger miles (RPMs), the size and age of the worldwide aircraft fleet and, to a lesser extent, changes in the profitability of the commercial airline industry. RPMs and airline profitability have historically been correlated with the general economic environment, although national and international events also play a key role. For example, in the past, the airline industry has been severely affected by the downturn in the global economy, higher fuel prices, the increased security concerns among airline customers following the events of September 11, 2001, the Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS) epidemic, and the conflicts in Afghanistan and Iraq, and could be impacted by future geopolitical or other worldwide events, such as war, terrorist acts, or a worldwide infectious disease outbreak. In addition, global market and economic conditions have been challenging with turbulence in the U.S. and international markets and economies and have prolonged declines in business and consumer spending. As a result of the substantial reduction in airline traffic resulting from these events, the airline industry incurred large losses and financial difficulties. Some carriers have also parked or retired a portion of their fleets and have reduced workforces and flights. During periods of reduced airline profitability, some airlines may delay purchases of spare parts, preferring instead to deplete existing inventories. If demand for new aircraft and spare parts decreases, there would be a decrease in demand for certain of our products.  An adverse change in demand could impact our results of operations, collection of accounts receivable and our expected cash flow generation from current and acquired businesses which may adversely impact our financial condition and access to capital markets. 
  Our sales to manufacturers of aircraft are cyclical, and a downturn in sales to these manufacturers may adversely affect us. 
  Our sales to manufacturers of large commercial aircraft, such as The Boeing Company, Airbus S.A.S, and related OEM suppliers, as well as manufacturers of business jets (which accounted for approximately 27% of our net sales in fiscal year   2016  ) have historically experienced periodic downturns. In the past, these sales have been affected by airline profitability, which is impacted by, among other things, fuel and labor costs, price competition, downturns in the global economy and national and international events. In addition, sales of our products to manufacturers of business jets are impacted by, among other things, downturns in the global economy. Downturns adversely affect our net sales, gross margin and net income. 
  
   6 

     Table of Contents  

We rely heavily on certain customers for much of our sales. 
  Our two largest customers for fiscal year   2016   were Airbus S.A.S. (which includes Satair A/S) and The Boeing Company (which includes Aviall, Inc.). Airbus S.A.S. accounted for approximately 13% of our net sales and The Boeing Company accounted for approximately 12% of our net sales in fiscal year   2016  . Our top ten customers for fiscal year   2016   accounted for approximately 45% of our net sales. A material reduction in purchasing by one of our larger customers for any reason, including but not limited to economic downturn, decreased production, strike or resourcing, could have a material adverse effect on our net sales, gross margin and net income. 
  We generally do not have guaranteed future sales of our products. Further, when we enter into fixed price contracts with some of our customers, we take the risk for cost overruns. 
  As is customary in our business, we do not generally have long-term contracts with most of our aftermarket customers and, therefore, do not have guaranteed future sales. Although we have long-term contracts with many of our OEM customers, many of those customers may terminate the contracts on short notice and, in most cases, our customers have not committed to buy any minimum quantity of our products. In addition, in certain cases, we must anticipate the future volume of orders based upon the historic purchasing patterns of customers and upon our discussions with customers as to their anticipated future requirements, and this anticipated future volume of orders may not materialize. 
  We also have entered into multi-year, fixed-price contracts with some of our customers, pursuant to which we have agreed to perform the work for a fixed price and, accordingly, realize all the benefit or detriment resulting from any decreases or increases in the costs of making these products. Sometimes we accept a fixed-price contract for a product that we have not yet produced, and this increases the risk of cost overruns or delays in the completion of the design and manufacturing of the product. Most of our contracts do not permit us to recover increases in raw material prices, taxes or labor costs. 
  U.S. military spending is dependent upon the U.S. defense budget. 
  The military and defense market is significantly dependent upon government budget trends, particularly the U.S. Department of Defense (the  DOD ) budget. In addition to normal business risks, our supply of products to the United States Government is subject to unique risks largely beyond our control. DOD budgets could be negatively impacted by several factors, including, but not limited to, a change in defense spending policy by the current presidential administration, the U.S. Government s budget deficits, spending priorities, the cost of sustaining the U.S. military presence in the Middle East and possible political pressure to reduce U.S. Government military spending, each of which could cause the DOD budget to remain unchanged or to decline. A significant decline in U.S. military expenditures could result in a reduction in the amount of our products sold to the various agencies and buying organizations of the U.S. Government. 
  We intend to pursue acquisitions. Our business may be adversely affected if we cannot consummate acquisitions on satisfactory terms, or if we cannot effectively integrate acquired operations. 
  A significant portion of our growth has occurred through acquisitions. Any future growth through acquisitions will be partially dependent upon the continued availability of suitable acquisition candidates at favorable prices and upon advantageous terms and conditions. We intend to pursue acquisitions that we believe will present opportunities consistent with our overall business strategy. However, we may not be able to find suitable acquisition candidates to purchase or may be unable to acquire desired businesses or assets on economically acceptable terms. In addition, we may not be able to raise the capital necessary to fund future acquisitions. Because we may actively pursue a number of opportunities simultaneously, we may encounter unforeseen expenses, complications and delays, including regulatory complications or difficulties in employing sufficient staff and maintaining operational and management oversight. 
  We regularly engage in discussions with respect to potential acquisition and investment opportunities. If we consummate an acquisition, our capitalization and results of operations may change significantly. Future acquisitions could result in margin dilution and further likely result in the incurrence of additional debt and contingent liabilities and an increase in interest and amortization expenses or periodic impairment charges related to goodwill and other intangible assets as well as significant charges relating to integration costs. 
  Acquisitions involve risks that the businesses acquired will not perform in accordance with expectations and that business judgments concerning the value, strengths and weaknesses of businesses acquired will prove incorrect. In addition, we may not be able to successfully integrate any business we acquire into our existing business. The successful integration of new businesses depends on our ability to manage these new businesses and cut excess costs. The successful integration of future acquisitions may also require substantial attention from our senior management and the management of the acquired business, which could decrease the time that they have to service, attract customers and develop new products and services or attend to other acquisition opportunities. 
  
   7 

     Table of Contents  

We are subject to certain unique business risks as a result of supplying equipment and services to the U.S. Government. 
  Companies engaged in supplying defense-related equipment and services to U.S. Government agencies are subject to business risks specific to the defense industry. These risks include the ability of the U.S. Government to unilaterally: 
             
    suspend us from receiving new contracts based on alleged violations of procurement laws or regulations; 
                
    terminate existing contracts; 
                
    reduce the value of existing contracts; and 
                
    audit our contract-related costs and fees, including allocated indirect costs. 
     Most of our U.S. Government contracts can be terminated by the U.S. Government for its convenience without significant notice. Termination for convenience provisions provide only for our recovery of costs incurred or committed, settlement expenses and profit on the work completed prior to termination. 
  On contracts for which the price is based on cost, the U.S. Government may review our costs and performance, as well as our accounting and general business practices. Based on the results of such audits, the U.S. Government may adjust our contract-related costs and fees, including allocated indirect costs. In addition, under U.S. Government purchasing regulations, some of our costs, including most financing costs, amortization of intangible assets, portions of research and development costs, and certain marketing expenses may not be subject to reimbursement. 
  Furthermore, even where the price is not based on cost, the U.S. Government may seek to review our costs to determine whether our pricing is  fair and reasonable.  Our subsidiaries are periodically subject to a pricing review. Such a review could be costly and time consuming for our management and could distract from our ability to effectively manage the business. As a result of such a review, we could be subject to providing a refund to the U.S. Government or we could be asked to enter into an arrangement whereby our prices would be based on cost or the DOD could seek to pursue alternative sources of supply for our parts. Any of those occurrences could lead to a reduction in our revenue from, or the profitability of certain of our supply arrangements with, certain agencies and buying organizations of the U.S. Government. 
  Moreover, U.S. Government purchasing regulations contain a number of additional operation requirements, which do not apply to entities not engaged in government contracting.  Failure to comply with such government contracting requirements could result in civil and criminal penalties that could have a material adverse effect on the Company s results of operations. 
  Our business may be adversely affected if we would lose our government or industry approvals or if more stringent government regulations are enacted or if industry oversight is increased. 
  The aerospace industry is highly regulated in the United States and in other countries. In order to sell our components, we and the components we manufacture must be certified by the FAA, the DOD and similar agencies in foreign countries and by individual manufacturers. If new and more stringent government regulations are adopted or if industry oversight increases, we might incur significant expenses to comply with any new regulations or heightened industry oversight. In addition, if material authorizations or approvals were revoked or suspended, our business would be adversely affected. 
  In addition to the aviation approvals, we are at times required to obtain approval from U.S. Government agencies to export our products. Failure to obtain approval to export or determination by the U.S. Government that we failed to receive required approvals or licenses could eliminate or restrict our ability to sell our products outside the United States, and the penalties that could be imposed by the U.S. Government for failure to comply with these laws could be significant. 
  Our indebtedness could adversely affect our financial health and could harm our ability to react to changes to our business and prevent us from fulfilling our obligations under our indebtedness. 
  We have a significant amount of indebtedness. As of   September 30, 2016  , our total indebtedness, excluding approximately   $17 million   of outstanding letters of credit, was approximately   $10.2 billion  , which was   106.8%   of our total book capitalization as a result of our prior year dividends being funded with indebtedness and the addition of approximately   $1.8 billion   in net new debt during fiscal   2016  .  We also incurred additional indebtedness subsequent to September 30, 2016 more fully described in Note 23,  Subsequent Events  in the notes to consolidated financial statements included herein. 
  In addition, we may be able to incur substantial additional indebtedness in the future. For example, as of   September 30, 2016  , we had approximately   $583 million   of unused commitments under our revolving loan facility and $50 million of unused capacity under our trade receivable securitization facility (the  Securitization Facility ) (with the availability of the capacity under the Securitization Facility being dependent on the amount of our trade receivables). Although our senior secured credit facility and the indentures governing the various senior subordinated notes outstanding (the  Indentures ) contain restrictions on the incurrence of additional indebtedness, these restrictions are subject to a number of significant qualifications and exceptions, and the indebtedness incurred in compliance with these qualifications and exceptions could be substantial. For example, if the usage of the revolving loan facility exceeds 25% of the total revolving commitments, the Company will be  
  
   8 

     Table of Contents  

required to maintain a maximum consolidated net leverage ratio of net debt, as defined, to trailing four-quarter EBITDA As Defined. A breach of any of the covenants or an inability to comply with the required leverage ratio could result in a default under the senior secured credit facility or the Indentures.  
  Our substantial debt could also have other important consequences to investors. For example, it could: 
             
    increase our vulnerability to general economic downturns and adverse competitive and industry conditions; 
                
    increase the risk we are subjected to downgrade or put on a negative watch by the ratings agencies; 
                
    require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital requirements, capital expenditures, acquisitions, research and development efforts and other general corporate requirements; 
                
    limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we operate; 
                
    place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to competitors that have less debt; and 
                
    limit, along with the financial and other restrictive covenants contained in the documents governing our indebtedness, among other things, our ability to borrow additional funds, make investments and incur liens. 
     In addition, all of our debt under the senior secured credit facility, which includes   $5.3 billion   in term loans and a revolving loan facility of $600 million, bears interest at floating rates. Accordingly, if interest rates increase, our debt service expense will also increase. Interest rate swap and cap agreements are used to manage interest rate risk associated with floating-rate borrowings under our credit facilities. For information about our interest rate swap and cap agreements, see Note 20,  Derivatives and Hedging Instruments  in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included herein. 
  Our substantial level of indebtedness increases the possibility that we may be unable to generate cash sufficient to pay, when due, the principal of, interest on or other amounts due in respect of our indebtedness, including the Indentures. We cannot assure that our business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations or that future borrowings will be available to us under the senior secured credit facility or otherwise in amounts sufficient to enable us to service our indebtedness. If we cannot service our debt, we will have to take actions such as reducing or delaying capital investments, selling assets, restructuring or refinancing our debt or seeking additional equity capital. 
  To service our indebtedness, we will require a significant amount of cash. Our ability to generate cash depends on many factors beyond our control and any failure to meet our debt service obligations could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
  Our ability to make payments on and to refinance our indebtedness, including the Indentures, amounts borrowed under the senior secured credit facility, amounts due under our Securitization Facility, and to fund our operations, will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future, which, to a certain extent, is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors that are beyond our control. 
  We cannot assure that our business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations, that currently anticipated cost savings and operating improvements will be realized on schedule, or at all, or that future borrowings will be available to us under the senior secured credit facility or otherwise in amounts sufficient to enable us to service our indebtedness, including the amounts borrowed under the senior secured credit facility, amounts borrowed under our Securitization Facility and the Indentures, or to fund our other liquidity needs. If we cannot service our debt, we will have to take actions such as reducing or delaying capital investments, selling assets, restructuring or refinancing our debt or seeking additional equity capital. We cannot assure that any of these remedies could, if necessary, be effected on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. Our ability to restructure or refinance our debt will depend on the condition of the capital markets and our financial condition at such time. Any refinancing of our debt could be at higher interest rates and may require us to comply with more onerous covenants, which could further restrict our business operations. The terms of existing or future debt instruments, the Securitization Facility, the Indentures and the senior secured credit facility may restrict us from adopting any of these alternatives. In addition, any failure to make payments of interest and principal on our outstanding indebtedness on a timely basis would likely result in a reduction of our credit rating, which could harm our ability to incur additional indebtedness on acceptable terms and would otherwise adversely affect the Indentures. 
  The terms of the senior secured credit facility and Indentures may restrict our current and future operations, particularly our ability to respond to changes or to take certain actions. 
  Our senior secured credit facility and the Indentures contain a number of restrictive covenants that impose significant operating and financial restrictions on TD Group, TransDigm Inc. and its subsidiaries (in the case of the senior secured credit facility) and TransDigm Inc. and its subsidiaries (in the case of the Indentures) and may limit their ability to engage in acts that may be in our long-term best interests. The senior secured credit facility and Indentures include covenants restricting, among  
  
   9 

     Table of Contents  

other things, the ability of TD Group, TransDigm Inc. and its subsidiaries (in the case of the senior secured credit facility) and TransDigm Inc. and its subsidiaries (in the case of the Indentures) to: 
             
    incur or guarantee additional indebtedness or issue preferred stock; 
                
    pay distributions on, redeem or repurchase our capital stock or redeem or repurchase our subordinated debt; 
                
    make investments; 
                
    sell assets; 
                
    enter into agreements that restrict distributions or other payments from our restricted subsidiaries to us; 
                
    incur or allow to exist liens; 
                
    consolidate, merge or transfer all or substantially all of our assets; 
                
    engage in transactions with affiliates; 
                
    create unrestricted subsidiaries; and 
                
    engage in certain business activities. 
     A breach of any of these covenants could result in a default under the senior secured credit facility or the Indentures. If any such default occurs, the lenders under the senior secured credit facility and the holders of the senior subordinated notes may elect to declare all outstanding borrowings, together with accrued interest and other amounts payable thereunder, to be immediately due and payable. The lenders under the senior secured credit facility also have the right in these circumstances to terminate any commitments they have to provide further borrowings. In addition, following an event of default under the senior secured credit facility, the lenders under that facility will have the right to proceed against the collateral granted to them to secure the debt, which includes our available cash, and they will also have the right to prevent us from making debt service payments on the senior subordinated notes. If the debt under the senior secured credit facility or the senior subordinated notes were to be accelerated, we cannot assure that our assets would be sufficient to repay in full our debt. 
  We could incur substantial costs as a result of violations of or liabilities under environmental laws and regulations. 
  Our operations and facilities are subject to a number of federal, state, local and foreign environmental laws and regulations that govern, among other things, discharges of pollutants into the air and water, the generation, handling, storage and disposal of hazardous materials and wastes, the remediation of contamination and the health and safety of our employees. Environmental laws and regulations may require that the Company investigate and remediate the effects of the release or disposal of materials at sites associated with past and present operations. Certain facilities and third-party sites utilized by subsidiaries of the Company have been identified as potentially responsible parties under the federal superfund laws and comparable state laws. The Company is currently involved in the investigation and remediation of a number of sites under applicable laws. 
  Estimates of the Company s environmental liabilities are based on current facts, laws, regulations and technology. These estimates take into consideration the Company s prior experience and professional judgment of the Company s environmental advisors. Estimates of the Company s environmental liabilities are further subject to uncertainties regarding the nature and extent of site contamination, the range of remediation alternatives available, evolving remediation standards, imprecise engineering evaluations and cost estimates, the extent of corrective actions that may be required and the number and financial condition of other potentially responsible parties, as well as the extent of their responsibility for the remediation. 
  Accordingly, as investigation and remediation proceed, it is likely that adjustments in the Company s accruals will be necessary to reflect new information. The amounts of any such adjustments could have a material adverse effect on the Company s results of operations or cash flows in a given period. Based on currently available information, however, the Company does not believe that future environmental costs in excess of those accrued with respect to sites for which the Company has been identified as a potentially responsible party are likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition. 
  We are dependent on our highly trained employees and any work stoppage or difficulty hiring similar employees could adversely affect our business. 
  Because our products are complicated and highly engineered, we depend on an educated and trained workforce. There is substantial competition for skilled personnel in the aircraft component industry, and we could be adversely affected by a shortage of skilled employees. We may not be able to fill new positions or vacancies created by expansion or turnover or attract and retain qualified personnel. 
  Although we believe that our relations with our employees are satisfactory, we cannot assure that we will be able to negotiate a satisfactory renewal of collective bargaining agreements or that our employee relations will remain stable. Because  
  
   10 

     Table of Contents  

we maintain a relatively small inventory of finished goods, any work stoppage could materially and adversely affect our ability to provide products to our customers. 
  Our business is dependent on the availability of certain components and raw materials from suppliers. 
  Our business is affected by the price and availability of the raw materials and component parts that we use to manufacture our components. Our business, therefore, could be adversely impacted by factors affecting our suppliers (such as the destruction of our suppliers  facilities or their distribution infrastructure, a work stoppage or strike by our suppliers  employees or the failure of our suppliers to provide materials of the requisite quality), or by increased costs of such raw materials or components if we were unable to pass along such price increases to our customers. Because we maintain a relatively small inventory of raw materials and component parts, our business could be adversely affected if we were unable to obtain these raw materials and components from our suppliers in the quantities we require or on favorable terms. Although we believe in most cases that we could identify alternative suppliers, or alternative raw materials or component parts, the lengthy and expensive FAA and OEM certification processes associated with aerospace products could prevent efficient replacement of a supplier, raw material or component part. 
  Our operations depend on our manufacturing facilities, which are subject to physical and other risks that could disrupt production. 
  A number of our manufacturing facilities are located in the greater Los Angeles area, an area known for earthquakes, and are thus vulnerable to damage. In addition, a number of our manufacturing facilities are located along the Eastern seaboard area susceptible to hurricanes. We are also vulnerable to damage from other types of disasters, including power loss, fire, explosions, floods, communications failures, terrorist attacks and similar events. Disruptions could also occur due to cyber-attacks, computer or equipment malfunction (accidental or intentional), operator error or process failures.  Any disruption of our ability to operate our business could result in a material decrease in our revenues or significant additional costs to replace, repair or insure our assets, which could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 
  Operations and sales outside of the United States may be subject to additional risks. 
  A number of risks inherent in international operations could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, including currency fluctuations, difficulties in staffing and managing multi-national operations, general economic and political uncertainties and potential for social unrest in countries in which we operate, limitations on our ability to enforce legal rights and remedies, restrictions on the repatriation of funds, change in trade policies, tariff regulation, difficulties in obtaining export and import licenses and the risk of government financed competition. Furthermore, the Company is subject to laws and regulations, such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, UK Bribery Act and similar local anti-bribery laws, which generally prohibit companies and their employees, agents and contractors from making improper payments for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. Failure to comply with these laws could subject the Company to civil and criminal penalties that could materially adversely affect the Company s results of operations. 
  We face significant competition. 
  We operate in a highly competitive global industry and compete against a number of companies. Competitors in our product lines are both U.S. and foreign companies and range in size from divisions of large public corporations to small privately held entities. We believe that our ability to compete depends on high product performance, consistent high quality, short lead-time and timely delivery, competitive pricing, superior customer service and support and continued certification under customer quality requirements and assurance programs. We may have to adjust the prices of some of our products to stay competitive. 
  We could be adversely affected if one of our components causes an aircraft to crash. 
  Our operations expose us to potential liabilities for personal injury or death as a result of the failure of an aircraft component that we have designed, manufactured or serviced. While we maintain liability insurance to protect us from future product liability claims, in the event of product liability claims our insurers may attempt to deny coverage or any coverage we have may not be adequate. We also may not be able to maintain insurance coverage in the future at an acceptable cost. Any liability not covered by insurance or for which third party indemnification is not available could result in significant liability to us. 
  In addition, a crash caused by one of our components could damage our reputation for quality products. We believe our customers consider safety and reliability as key criteria in selecting a provider of aircraft components. If a crash were to be caused by one of our components, or if we were to otherwise fail to maintain a satisfactory record of safety and reliability, our ability to retain and attract customers may be materially adversely affected. 
  
   11 

     Table of Contents  

We could incur substantial costs as a result of data protection concerns. 
  The interpretation and application of data protection laws in the U.S., Europe and elsewhere are uncertain and evolving. It is possible that these laws may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our data practices. Compliance could cause us to incur substantial costs or require us to change our business practices in a manner adverse to our business. 
  In addition, despite our efforts to protect confidential information, our facilities and systems may be vulnerable to data loss, including cyber-attacks.  This could lead to negative publicity, legal claims, theft, modification or destruction of proprietary or key information, damage to or inaccessibility of critical systems, manufacture of defective products, production downtimes, operational disruptions and other significant costs, which could adversely affect our reputation, financial condition and results of operations.  
  We have recorded a significant amount of intangible assets, which may never generate the returns we expect. 
  Mergers and acquisitions have resulted in significant increases in identifiable intangible assets and goodwill. Identifiable intangible assets, which primarily include trademarks, trade names, trade secrets, and technology, were approximately   $1.8 billion   at   September 30, 2016  , representing approximately   16%   of our total assets. Goodwill recognized in accounting for the mergers and acquisitions was approximately   $5.7 billion   at   September 30, 2016  , representing approximately   53%   of our total assets. We may never realize the full value of our identifiable intangible assets and goodwill, and to the extent we were to determine that our identifiable intangible assets or our goodwill were impaired within the meaning of applicable accounting standards, we would be required to write-off the amount of any impairment. 
  The Company may be subject to risks relating to changes in its tax rates or exposure to additional income tax liabilities. 
            The Company is subject to income taxes in the United States and various non-U.S. jurisdictions.  The Company s domestic and international tax liabilities are dependent upon the location of earnings among these different jurisdictions.  The Company s future results of operations could be adversely affected by changes in the Company s effective tax rate as a result of changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets, challenges by tax authorities or changes in tax laws or regulations.  In addition, the amount of income taxes paid by the Company is subject to ongoing audits by U.S. federal, state and local tax authorities and by non-U.S. tax authorities.  If these audits result in assessments different from amounts reserved, future financial results may include unfavorable adjustments to the Company s tax liabilities, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company s results of operations. 
  Our stock price may be volatile, and an investment in our common stock could suffer a decline in value. 
  There has been significant volatility in the market price and trading volume of equity securities, which is unrelated to the financial performance of the companies issuing the securities. These broad market fluctuations may negatively affect the market price of our common stock. Shareholders may not be able to sell their shares at or above the purchase price due to fluctuations in the market price of our common stock caused by changes in our operating performance or prospects, including possible changes due to the cyclical nature of the aerospace industry and other factors such as fluctuations in OEM and aftermarket ordering, which could cause short-term swings in profit margins, or unrelated to our operating performance, including market conditions affecting the stock market generally or the stocks of aerospace companies more specifically. 
  Future sales of our common stock in the public market could lower our share price. 
  We may sell additional shares of common stock into the public markets or issue convertible debt securities to raise capital in the future. The market price of our common stock could decline as a result of sales of a large number of shares of our common stock in the public markets or the perception that these sales could occur. These sales, or the possibility that these sales may occur, also might make it more difficult for us to sell equity securities to raise capital at a time and price that we deem appropriate. 
  Our corporate documents and Delaware law contain certain provisions that could discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of our company. 
  Provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws may discourage, delay or prevent a merger or acquisition involving us that our stockholders may consider favorable. For example, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes our Board of Directors to issue up to 149,600,000 shares of  blank check  preferred stock. Without stockholder approval, the Board of Directors has the authority to attach special rights, including voting and dividend rights, to this preferred stock. With these rights, holders of preferred stock could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation also provides that the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 75% of the voting power of our issued and outstanding capital stock, voting together as a single class, is required for the alteration, amendment or repeal of certain provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and certain provisions of our amended and restated bylaws, including the provisions relating to our stockholders  ability to call special meetings, notice provisions for stockholder business to be conducted at an annual meeting, requests for stockholder lists and corporate records, nomination and removal of directors, and filling of vacancies on our Board of Directors. 
  
   12 

     Table of Contents  

We are also subject to the anti-takeover provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law. Under these provisions, if anyone becomes an  interested stockholder,  we may not enter into a  business combination  with that person for three years without special approval, which could discourage a third party from making a takeover offer and could delay or prevent a change of control. For purposes of Section 203,  interested stockholder  means, generally, someone owning 15% or more of our outstanding voting stock or an affiliate of ours that owned 15% or more of our outstanding voting stock during the past three years, subject to certain exceptions as described in Section 203. 
  We do not regularly declare and pay quarterly or annual cash dividends on our stock. 
  On July 3, 2013, June 4, 2014 and October 14, 2016, the Company s Board of Directors authorized and declared special cash dividends of $22.00, $25.00 and $24.00, respectively, on each outstanding share of common stock and cash dividend equivalent payments to holders of options under its stock option plans. 
  Notwithstanding the special cash dividends declared in July 2013, June 2014 and October 2016, we do not anticipate declaring regular quarterly or annual cash dividends on our common stock or any other equity security in the foreseeable future. The amounts that may be available to us to pay future special cash dividends are restricted under our debt and other agreements. Any payment of special cash dividends on our common stock in the future will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend on our results of operations, earnings, capital requirements, financial condition, future prospects, contractual restrictions and other factors deemed relevant by our Board of Directors. Therefore, shareholders should not rely on regular quarterly or annual dividend income from shares of our common stock and should not rely on special dividends with any regularity or at all. 

13 

Table of Contents  

ITEM 1B.    UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
  None. 

ITEM 2.    PROPERTIES 
  TransDigm s principal owned properties as of September 30,   2016   are as follows: 

The Liberty, Waco, Kent, Union Gap, Phoenix, Los Angeles, Placentia, Addison, Painesville, South Euclid, Wichita, Avenel and Deerfield Beach properties and the two Rancho Cucamonga properties are subject to mortgage liens under our senior secured credit facility. The Bohemia property will also become subject to a mortgage lien under our senior secured credit facility. The Earlysville property is currently vacant. 
  TransDigm s principal leased properties as of September 30,   2016   are as follows: 

14 

     Table of Contents  

Our Cleveland, OH and Pasadena, CA corporate facilities house our principal executive offices, and we currently lease approximately 20,100 square feet and 5,300 square feet, respectively, for those purposes. TransDigm also leases certain of its other non-material facilities. Management believes that our machinery, plants and offices are in satisfactory operating condition and that it will have sufficient capacity to meet foreseeable future needs without incurring significant additional capital expenditures. 

ITEM 3.    LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
  During the ordinary course of business, TransDigm is from time to time a party to legal actions and other proceedings related to its businesses, products or operations. While TransDigm is currently involved in some legal proceedings, management believes the results of these proceedings will not have a material effect on its financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. 

15 

Table of Contents  

PART II 

ITEM 5. 
    MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
     Market Information 
  Our common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange, or NYSE, under the ticker symbol  TDG.  The following chart sets forth, for the periods indicated, the high and low sales prices of the common stock on the NYSE. 

Holders 
  On November 4, 2016, there were 36 stockholders of record of our common stock. We estimate that there were approximately 48,000 beneficial stockholders as of November 4, 2016, which includes an estimated amount of stockholders who have their shares held in their accounts by banks and brokers. 
  Dividends 
  In June 2014, TD Group s Board of Directors declared and paid a special cash dividend of $25.00 on each outstanding share of common stock.  No dividends were declared in fiscal 2015 or fiscal 2016. On October 14, 2016,  TD Group s Board of Directors authorized and declared a special cash dividend of $24.00 on each outstanding share of common stock and cash dividend equivalent payments under options granted under its stock option plans.  The record date for the special dividend was October 24, 2016, and the payment date for the dividend was November 1, 2016. 
  We do not anticipate declaring regular quarterly or annual cash dividends on our common stock in the near future. Any declaration of special cash dividends on our common stock in the future will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend upon our results of operations, earnings, capital requirements, financial condition, future prospects, contractual restrictions under the senior secured credit facility and Indentures, the availability of surplus under Delaware law and other factors deemed relevant by our Board of Directors. TD Group is a holding company and conducts all of its operations through direct and indirect subsidiaries. Unless TD Group receives dividends, distributions, advances, transfers of funds or other payments from our subsidiaries, TD Group will be unable to pay any dividends on our common stock in the future. The ability of any subsidiaries to take any of the foregoing actions is limited by the terms of our senior secured credit facility and Indentures and may be limited by future debt or other agreements that we may enter into. 
  Performance Graph 
  Set forth below is a line graph comparing the cumulative total return of a hypothetical investment in the shares of common stock of TD Group with the cumulative total return of a hypothetical investment in each of the S P Midcap 400 Index, the S P 500 Index ( S P 500 ) and the S P MidCap 400 S P Aerospace   Defense Index based on the respective market prices of each such investment on the dates shown below, assuming an initial investment of $100 on September 30, 2011. 
  The following performance graph and related information shall not be deemed  soliciting material  nor to be  filed  with the SEC, nor shall such information be incorporated by reference into any future filings under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, each as amended, except to the extent we specifically incorporate it by reference into such filing. 
  
   16 

     Table of Contents  

COMPARISON OF 5 YEAR CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN* 
  Among TransDigm Group Inc., the S P MidCap 400 Index, the S P 500 
  and S P MidCap 400 S P Aerospace   Defense Index 
  
  *$100 invested on 9/30/11 in stock or index, including reinvestment of dividends. 
  Fiscal year ending September 30. 
  Copyright 2016 S P, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies Inc. All rights reserved. 

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer or Affiliated Purchaser 
  On October 22, 2014, our Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program permitting us to repurchase a portion of our outstanding stock not to exceed $300 million in the aggregate. During fiscal 2016, until the $300 million program was replaced on January 21, 2016, the Company had repurchased 452,187 shares of its common stock at a gross cost of approximately $98.7 million at the weighted-average price per share of $218.23.  
  On January 21, 2016, our Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program replacing the $300 million program with a repurchase program permitting us to repurchase a portion of our outstanding common shares not to exceed $450 million in the aggregate.  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had repurchased 563,200 shares of its common stock at a gross cost of approximately $109.1 million at the weighted-average price per share of $193.67 under the $450 million stock repurchase program.  During the thirteen week period ended   September 30, 2016  , there were no repurchases of common stock.  As of   September 30, 2016  , approximately $340.9 million is available for repurchase under the $450 million stock repurchase program, subject to the limitations in accordance with our credit agreement as described within the   Liquidity and Capital Resources   section of Item 7. -  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations.  
  
   17 

     Table of Contents  

During the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2016  , the Company received 2,548 shares as forfeiture in lieu of payment for withholding taxes on the vesting of restricted stock, the deemed gross cost of the shares was approximately $0.6 million at a weighted-average price per share of $225.58. 

ITEM 6.    SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 
  The following table sets forth selected historical consolidated financial and other data of TD Group for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2012 to 2016, which have been derived from TD Group s audited consolidated financial statements. 
  Separate historical financial information of TransDigm Inc. is not presented since the 5.50% Senior Subordinated Notes issued in October 2012 (the  2020 Notes ), the 7.50% Senior Subordinated Notes issued in July 2013 (the  2021 Notes ), the 6.00% Senior Subordinated Notes issued in June 2014 (the  2022 Notes ), the 6.50% Senior Subordinated Notes issued June 2014 (the  2024 Notes ), the 6.50% Senior Subordinated Notes issued May 2015 (the  2025 Notes ) and the 6.375% Senior Subordinated Notes issued June 2016 (the  2026 Notes ) (also together with the 2020 Notes, the 2021 Notes, the 2022 Notes, the 2024 Notes, the 2025 Notes, and the 2026 Notes, the  Notes ) are guaranteed by TD Group and all direct and indirect domestic restricted subsidiaries of TransDigm Inc. and since TD Group has no operations or significant assets separate from its investment in TransDigm Inc. 
  Acquisitions of businesses and product lines completed by TD Group during the last five fiscal years are as follows: 

All of the acquisitions were accounted for using the acquisition method. The results of operations of the acquired businesses and product lines are included in TD Group s consolidated financial statements from the effective date of each acquisition. 
  
   18 

     Table of Contents  

The information presented below should be read together with  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  and the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes included elsewhere herein. 

(2) 
    For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016, the income tax provision was impacted by the adoption of Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2016-09,  Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting.  Refer to Note 4,  Recent Accounting Pronouncements,  and Note 13,  Income Taxes  in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included herein for additional information. 
              (3) 
    Net earnings per share is calculated by dividing net income applicable to common stock by the basic and diluted weighted average common shares outstanding. 
      
   19 

     Table of Contents  

current deferred income tax liabilities. Refer to Note 4,  Recent Accounting Pronouncements,  in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included herein for additional information. 
   Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
  We present below certain financial information based on our EBITDA and EBITDA As Defined. References to  EBITDA  mean earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, and references to  EBITDA As Defined  mean EBITDA plus, as applicable for each relevant period, certain adjustments as set forth in the reconciliations of net income to EBITDA and EBITDA As Defined and the reconciliations of net cash provided by operating activities to EBITDA and EBITDA As Defined presented below. 
  Neither EBITDA nor EBITDA As Defined is a measurement of financial performance under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ). We present EBITDA and EBITDA As Defined because we believe they are useful indicators for evaluating operating performance and liquidity. 
  Our management believes that EBITDA and EBITDA As Defined are useful as indicators of liquidity because securities analysts, investors, rating agencies and others use EBITDA to evaluate a company s ability to incur and service debt. In addition, EBITDA As Defined is useful to investors because the revolving commitments under our senior secured credit facility requires compliance under certain circumstances, on a pro forma basis, with a financial covenant that measures the ratio of the amount of our secured indebtedness to the amount of our Consolidated EBITDA defined in the same manner as we define EBITDA As Defined herein. 
  In addition to the above, our management uses EBITDA As Defined to review and assess the performance of the management team in connection with employee incentive programs and to prepare its annual budget and financial projections. Moreover, our management uses EBITDA As Defined to evaluate acquisitions. 
  Although we use EBITDA and EBITDA As Defined as measures to assess the performance of our business and for the other purposes set forth above, the use of these non-GAAP financial measures as analytical tools has limitations, and you should not consider any of them in isolation, or as a substitute for analysis of our results of operations as reported in accordance with GAAP. Some of these limitations are: 
             
    neither EBITDA nor EBITDA As Defined reflects the significant interest expense, or the cash requirements necessary to service interest payments, on our indebtedness; 
                
    although depreciation and amortization are non-cash charges, the assets being depreciated and amortized will often have to be replaced in the future, and neither EBITDA nor EBITDA As Defined reflects any cash requirements for such replacements; 
                
    the omission of the substantial amortization expense associated with our intangible assets further limits the usefulness of EBITDA and EBITDA As Defined; 
                
    neither EBITDA nor EBITDA As Defined includes the payment of taxes, which is a necessary element of our operations; and 
                
    EBITDA As Defined excludes the cash expense we have incurred to integrate acquired businesses into our operations, which is a necessary element of certain of our acquisitions. 
     Because of these limitations, EBITDA and EBITDA As Defined should not be considered as measures of discretionary cash available to us to invest in the growth of our business. Management compensates for these limitations by not viewing EBITDA or EBITDA As Defined in isolation and specifically by using other GAAP measures, such as net income, net sales and operating profit, to measure our operating performance. Neither EBITDA nor EBITDA As Defined is a measurement of financial performance under GAAP, and neither should be considered as an alternative to net income or cash flow from operations determined in accordance with GAAP. Our calculation of EBITDA and EBITDA As Defined may not be comparable to the calculation of similarly titled measures reported by other companies. 
  
   20 

     Table of Contents  

(1) 
    For purposes of computing the ratio of earnings to fixed charges, earnings consist of earnings from continuing operations before income taxes plus fixed charges. Fixed charges consist of interest expense, amortization of debt issuance costs and the portion (approximately 33%) of rental expense that management believes is representative of the interest component of rental expense. 
              (2) 
    EBITDA represents earnings from continuing operations before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization. EBITDA As Defined represents EBITDA plus, as applicable for each relevant period, certain adjustments as set forth in the reconciliation of net income to EBITDA and EBITDA As Defined and the reconciliation of net cash provided by operating activities to EBITDA and EBITDA As Defined presented below. See  Non-GAAP Financial Measures  for additional information and limitations regarding these non-GAAP financial measures. 
     The following table sets forth a reconciliation of net income to EBITDA and EBITDA As Defined: 

(1) 
    For the period ended September 30, 2016, the income tax provision was impacted by the adoption of ASU 2016-09,  Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting.  Refer to Note 4,  Recent Accounting Pronouncements,  and Note 13,  Income Taxes  in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included herein for additional information. 
     
   21 

     Table of Contents  

(2) 
    Represents accounting adjustments to inventory associated with acquisitions of businesses and product lines that were charged to cost of sales when the inventory was sold. 
              (3) 
    Represents costs incurred to integrate acquired businesses and product lines into TD Group s operations, facility relocation costs and other acquisition-related costs. 
              (4) 
    Represents transaction-related costs comprising deal fees; legal, financial and tax due diligence expenses; and valuation costs that are required to be expensed as incurred. 
              (5) 
    Represents the reversal of the earn-out liability related to the Dukes Aerospace acquisition based on lower growth projections relative to the required growth targets of the four-year earn-out arrangement. 
              (6) 
    Represents the compensation expense recognized by TD Group under our stock incentive plans. 
               (8) 
    Primarily represents foreign currency transaction gain or loss on intercompany loans to be settled and gain or loss on sale of fixed assets. 
     The following table sets forth a reconciliation of net cash provided by operating activities to EBITDA and EBITDA As Defined: 

(1) 
    Represents interest expense excluding the amortization of debt issuance costs and note premium and discount. 
     
   22 

     Table of Contents  

(2) 
    For the period ended September 30, 2016, the income tax provision and Excess tax benefit from exercise of stock options were impacted by the adoption of ASU 2016-09,  Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting.  Refer to Note 4,  Recent Accounting Pronouncements,  and Note 13,  Income Taxes  in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included herein for additional information. 
              (3) 
    Represents the compensation expense recognized by TD Group under our stock incentive plans. 
               (5) 
    Represents accounting adjustments to inventory associated with acquisitions of businesses and product lines that were charged to cost of sales when the inventory was sold. 
              (6) 
    Represents costs incurred to integrate acquired businesses and product lines into TD Group s operations, facility relocation costs and other acquisition-related costs. 
              (7) 
    Represents transaction-related costs comprising deal fees; legal, financial and tax due diligence expenses; and valuation costs that are required to be expensed as incurred. 
              (8) 
    Represents the reversal of the earn-out liability related to the Dukes Aerospace acquisition based on lower growth projections relative to the required growth targets of the four-year earn-out arrangement. 
              (9) 
    Primarily represents foreign currency transaction gain or loss on intercompany loans to be settled and gain or loss on sale of fixed assets. 
     
   23 

Table of Contents  

ITEM 7. 
    MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
     The following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations should be read together with  Selected Financial Data  and TD Group s consolidated financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this report. The following discussion may contain predictions, estimates and other forward-looking statements that involve a number of risks and uncertainties, including those discussed under the heading entitled  Risk Factors  included elsewhere in this report. These risks could cause our actual results to differ materially from any future performance suggested below. 
   
  Overview 
  For fiscal year   2016  , we generated net sales of   $3,171.4 million  , gross profit of   $1,728.1 million   or   54.5%   of sales, and net income of   $586.4 million  . We believe we have achieved steady, long-term growth in sales and improvements in operating performance since our formation in 1993 due to our competitive strengths and through execution of our value-driven operating strategy. More specifically, focusing our businesses on our value-driven operating strategy of obtaining profitable new business, carefully controlling the cost structure and pricing our highly engineered value-added products to fairly reflect the value we provide and the resources required to do so has historically resulted in improvements in gross profit and income from operations over the long term. 
  Our selective acquisition strategy has also contributed to the growth of our business. The integration of certain acquisitions into our existing businesses combined with implementing our proven operating strategy has historically resulted in improvements of the financial performance of the acquired business. 
  Our key competitive strengths and the elements of our business strategy are set forth in more detail below. 
  We believe our key competitive strengths include: 
  Large and Growing Installed Product Base with Aftermarket Revenue Stream.   We provide components to a large and growing installed base of aircraft to which we supply aftermarket products. We estimate that our products are installed on approximately 95,000 commercial transport, regional transport, military and general aviation fixed wing turbine aircraft and rotary wing aircraft. 
  Diversified Revenue Base.   We believe that our diversified revenue base reduces our dependence on any particular product, platform or market channel and has been a significant factor in maintaining our financial performance. Our products are installed on almost all of the major commercial aircraft platforms now in production. We expect to continue to develop new products for military and commercial applications. 
  Significant Barriers to Entry  . We believe that the niche nature of our markets, the industry s stringent regulatory and certification requirements, the large number of products that we sell and the investments necessary to develop and certify products create barriers to entry for potential competitors. 
  Our business strategy is made up of two key elements: (1) a value-driven operating strategy focused around our three core value drivers and (2) a selective acquisition strategy. 
  Value-Driven Operating Strategy.   Our three core value drivers are: 
             
    Obtaining Profitable New Business.   We attempt to obtain profitable new business by using our technical expertise and application skill and our detailed knowledge of our customer base and the individual niche markets in which we operate. We have regularly been successful in identifying and developing both aftermarket and OEM products to drive our growth. 
                
    Improving Our Cost Structure.   We are committed to maintaining and continuously improving our lean cost structure through detailed attention to the cost of each of the products that we offer and our organizational structure, with a focus on reducing the cost of each. 
                
    Providing Highly Engineered Value-Added Products to Customers.   We focus on the engineering, manufacturing and marketing of a broad range of highly engineered niche products that we believe provide value to our customers. We believe we have been consistently successful in communicating to our customers the value of our products. This has generally enabled us to price our products to fairly reflect the value we provide and the resources required to do so. 
     Selective Acquisition Strategy.   We selectively pursue the acquisition of proprietary aerospace component businesses when we see an opportunity to create value through the application of our three core value-driven operating strategies. The aerospace industry, in particular, remains highly fragmented, with many of the companies in the industry being small private businesses or small non-core operations of larger businesses. We have significant experience among our management team in executing acquisitions and integrating acquired businesses into our company and culture. As of the date of this report, we have successfully acquired 58 businesses and/or product lines since our formation in 1993. Many of these acquisitions have been  
  
   24 

     Table of Contents  

integrated into an existing TransDigm production facility, which enables a higher production capacity utilization, which in turn improves gross profit levels due to the ability to spread the fixed manufacturing overhead costs over higher production volume. 
  Acquisitions and divestitures during the previous three fiscal years are more fully described in Note 2,  Acquisitions  in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included herein. 
  Critical Accounting Policies 
  Our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with GAAP, which often requires the judgment of management in the selection and application of certain accounting principles and methods. Management believes that the quality and reasonableness of our most critical policies enable the fair presentation of our financial position and results of operations. However, investors are cautioned that the sensitivity of financial statements to these methods, assumptions and estimates could create materially different results under different conditions or using different assumptions. 
  Below are those policies applied in preparing our financial statements that management believes are the most dependent on the application of estimates and assumptions. For additional accounting policies, see Note 3,  Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included herein. 
  Revenue Recognition and Related Allowances  : Revenue is recognized from the sale of products when title and risk of loss passes to the customer, which is generally at the time of shipment. Substantially all product sales are made pursuant to firm, fixed-price purchase orders received from customers. Collectibility of amounts recorded as revenue is reasonably assured at the time of sale. Provisions for returns, uncollectible accounts and the cost of repairs under contract warranty provisions are provided for in the same period as the related revenues are recorded and are principally based on historical results modified, as appropriate, by the most current information available. We have a history of making reasonably dependable estimates of such allowances; however, due to uncertainties inherent in the estimation process, it is possible that actual results may vary from the estimates and the differences could be material. 
  Management estimates the allowance for doubtful accounts based on the aging of the accounts receivable and customer creditworthiness. The allowance also incorporates a provision for the estimated impact of disputes with customers. Management s estimate of the allowance amounts that are necessary includes amounts for specifically identified credit losses and estimated credit losses based on historical information. The determination of the amount of the allowance for doubtful accounts is subject to significant levels of judgment and estimation by management. Depending on the resolution of potential credit and other collection issues, or if the financial condition of any of the Company s customers were to deteriorate and their ability to make required payments were to become impaired, increases in these allowances may be required. Historically, changes in estimates in the allowance for doubtful accounts have not been significant. 
  Inventories  : Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. Cost of inventories is generally determined by the average cost and the first-in, first-out (FIFO) methods and includes material, labor and overhead related to the manufacturing process. Because the Company sells products that are installed on airframes that can be in-service for 25 or more years, it must keep a supply of such products on hand while the airframes are in use. Where management estimated that the current market value was below cost or determined that future demand was lower than current inventory levels, based on historical experience, current and projected market demand, current and projected volume trends and other relevant current and projected factors associated with the current economic conditions, a reduction in inventory cost to estimated net realizable value was made by recording a provision included in cost of sales. Although management believes that the Company s estimates of excess and obsolete inventory are reasonable, actual results may differ materially from the estimates and additional provisions may be required in the future. In addition, in accordance with industry practice, all inventories are classified as current assets as all inventories are available and necessary to support current sales, even though a portion of the inventories may not be sold within one year. Historically, changes in estimates in the net realizable value of inventories have not been significant. 
  Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets  : In accordance with ASC 805,  Business Combinations,  the Company uses the acquisition method of accounting to allocate costs of acquired businesses to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values at the dates of acquisition. The excess costs of acquired businesses over the fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed were recognized as goodwill. The valuations of the acquired assets and liabilities will impact the determination of future operating results. In addition to using management estimates and negotiated amounts, the Company used a variety of information sources to determine the estimated fair values of acquired assets and liabilities including third-party appraisals for the estimated value and lives of identifiable intangible assets.     Fair value adjustments to the Company s assets and liabilities are recognized and the results of operations of the acquired business are included in our consolidated financial statements from the effective date of the merger or acquisition  . 
  Intangible assets other than goodwill are recognized if the benefit of the intangible asset is obtained through contractual or other legal rights, or if the intangible asset can be sold, transferred, licensed or exchanged, regardless of the Company s intent to do so. Goodwill and identifiable intangible assets are recorded at their estimated fair value on the date of acquisition and are reviewed at least annually for impairment based on cash flow projections and fair value estimates. 
  
   25 

     Table of Contents  

GAAP requires that the annual, and any interim, impairment assessment be performed at the reporting unit level. The reporting unit level is one level below an operating segment. Substantially all goodwill was determined and recognized for each reporting unit pursuant to the accounting for the merger or acquisition as of the date of each transaction. With respect to acquisitions integrated into an existing reporting unit, any acquired goodwill is combined with the goodwill of the reporting unit. 
  At the time of goodwill impairment testing, management determines the estimated fair value through the use of a discounted cash flow valuation model incorporating discount rates commensurate with the risks involved for each reporting unit. If the calculated estimated fair value is less than the current carrying value, impairment of goodwill of the reporting unit may exist. The use of a discounted cash flow valuation model to determine estimated fair value is common practice in impairment testing. The key assumptions used in the discounted cash flow valuation model for impairment testing includes discount rates, growth rates, cash flow projections and terminal value rates. Discount rates are set by using the Weighted Average Cost of Capital ( WACC ) methodology. The WACC methodology considers market and industry data as well as company specific risk factors for each reporting unit in determining the appropriate discount rates to be used. The discount rate utilized for each reporting unit is indicative of the return an investor would expect to receive for investing in such a business. 
  Management, considering industry and company-specific historical and projected data, develops growth rates, sales projections and cash flow projections for each reporting unit. Terminal value rate determination follows common methodology of capturing the present value of perpetual cash flow estimates beyond the last projected period assuming a constant WACC and low long-term growth rates. As an indicator that each reporting unit has been valued appropriately through the use of the discounted cash flow valuation model, the aggregate of all reporting unit s estimated fair value is reconciled to the total market capitalization of the Company. 
  The Company had 32 reporting units with goodwill as of the first day of the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016, the date of the last annual impairment test. The estimated fair values of each of the reporting units was substantially in excess of their respective carrying values, and therefore, no goodwill impairment was recorded. The Company performed a sensitivity analysis on the discount rate, which is a significant assumption in the calculation of fair values. With a one percentage point increase in the discount rate, the reporting units would continue to have fair values substantially in excess of their respective carrying values. 
  Management tests indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment at the asset level, as determined by appropriate asset valuation at the time of acquisition. The impairment test for indefinite-lived intangible assets consists of a comparison between the estimated fair values and carrying values. If the carrying amounts of intangible assets that have indefinite useful lives exceed their estimated fair values, an impairment loss will be recognized in an amount equal to the difference. Management utilizes the royalty savings valuation method to determine the estimated fair value for each indefinite-lived intangible asset. In this method, management estimates the royalty savings arising from the ownership of the intangible asset. The key assumptions used in estimating the royalty savings for impairment testing include discount rates, royalty rates, growth rates, sales projections and terminal value rates. Discount rates used are similar to the rates developed by the WACC methodology considering any differences in company-specific risk factors between reporting units and the indefinite-lived intangible assets. Royalty rates are established by management with the advice of valuation experts and periodically substantiated by valuation experts. Management, considering industry and company-specific historical and projected data, develops growth rates and sales projections for each significant intangible asset. Terminal value rate determination follows common methodology of capturing the present value of perpetual sales estimates beyond the last projected period assuming a constant WACC and low long-term growth rates. 
  The discounted cash flow and royalty savings valuation methodologies require management to make certain assumptions based upon information available at the time the valuations are performed. Actual results could differ from these assumptions. Management believes the assumptions used are reflective of what a market participant would have used in calculating fair value considering the current economic conditions. 
  Stock-Based Compensation  : The cost of the Company s stock-based compensation is recorded in accordance with ASC 718,  Stock Compensation.   The Company uses a Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model to estimate the grant-date fair value of the stock options awarded. The Black-Scholes-Merton model requires assumptions regarding the expected volatility of the Company s common shares, the risk-free interest rate, the expected life of the stock options award and the Company s dividend yield. The Company utilizes historical data in determining these assumptions. An increase or decrease in the assumptions or economic events outside of management s control could have an impact on the Black-Scholes-Merton model. 
  Income Taxes  : The Company estimates income taxes in each jurisdiction in which it operates. This involves estimating taxable earnings, specific taxable and deductible items, the likelihood of generating sufficient future taxable income to utilize deferred tax assets and possible exposures related to future tax audits. To the extent these estimates change, adjustments to deferred and accrued income taxes are made in the period in which the changes occur. Historically, such adjustments have not been significant. 
  
   26 

Table of Contents  

Results of Operations 
  The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, certain operating data of the Company, including presentation of the amounts as a percentage of net sales (amounts in thousands): 

Fiscal year ended   September 30, 2016   compared with fiscal year ended   September 30, 2015    
  Total Company 
  Net Sales  . Net organic sales and acquisition sales and the related dollar and percentage changes for the fiscal years ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   were as follows (amounts in millions): 

Acquisition sales represent sales of acquired businesses for the period up to one year subsequent to their acquisition date. The amount of acquisition sales shown in the table above was attributable to the acquisitions of Breeze-Eastern and Data Device Corporation in fiscal year 2016 and the acquisitions of PneuDraulics, Pexco Aerospace, Adams Rite Aerospace GmbH and Telair Cargo Group in fiscal year 2015. 
  Commercial aftermarket organic sales increased by   $61.3 million  , or   6.1%  , commercial OEM organic sales decreased by   $8.8 million  , or   1.1%  , and defense organic sales were flat when comparing the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2016   to the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2015  . 
  Cost of Sales and Gross Profit  . Cost of sales increased by   $186.0 million  , or   14.8%  , to   $1,443.3 million   for the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   $1,257.3 million   for the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2015  . Cost of sales and the related percentage of total sales for the fiscal years ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   were as follows (amounts in millions): 

The increase in the dollar amount of cost of sales during the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2016   was primarily due to increased volume associated with the sales from acquisitions and organic sales growth. 
  
   27 

     Table of Contents  

Gross profit as a percentage of sales increased by   0.9   percentage points to   54.5%   for the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2016   from   53.6%   for the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2015  . The dollar amount of gross profit increased by   $278.3 million  , or   19.2%  , for the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the comparable period last year due to the following items: 
             
    Gross profit on the sales from the acquisitions indicated above (excluding acquisition-related costs) was approximately $171.2 million for the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2016  , which represented gross profit of approximately 42% of the acquisition sales. The lower gross profit margin on the acquisition sales reduced gross profit as a percentage of consolidated sales by approximately 2 percentage points. 
                
    Organic sales growth described above, application of our three core value-driven operating strategies (obtaining profitable new business, continually improving our cost structure, and providing highly engineered value-added products to customers), and positive leverage on our fixed overhead costs spread over a higher production volume, resulted in a net increase in gross profit of approximately $122.6 million for the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2016  . 
                
    Slightly offsetting the increases in gross profit was the impact of higher inventory purchase accounting adjustments, acquisition integration costs and stock compensation expense charged to cost of sales of approximately $15.5 million. 
     Selling and Administrative Expenses.   Selling and administrative expenses increased by   $61.3 million   to   $382.9 million  , or   12.1%   of sales, for the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2016   from   $321.6 million  , or   11.9%   of sales, for the comparable period last year. Selling and administrative expenses and the related percentage of total sales for the fiscal years ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   were as follows (amounts in millions): 

The increase in the dollar amount of selling and administrative expenses during the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2016   is primarily due to higher selling and administrative expenses relating to recent acquisitions of approximately $44.8 million, which was approximately 11% of acquisition sales, and higher acquisition-related and stock compensation expenses of   $7.3 million   and   $15.6 million  , respectively. 
  Amortization of Intangible Assets.   Amortization of intangible assets increased to   $77.4 million   for the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2016   from   $54.2 million   for the comparable period last year. The net increase of   $23.2 million   was primarily due to the acquisitions of Breeze-Eastern and Data Device Corporation in fiscal 2016 and full year amortization recorded on the acquisitions made during fiscal 2015. 
  Refinancing Costs.   Refinancing costs of   $15.8 million   were recorded during the year ended   September 30, 2016   representing debt issuance costs expensed in connection with the debt financing activity in June 2016.  Included within the   $15.8 million   was approximately $1.4 million of unamortized debt issuance costs written off.  Refinancing costs of   $18.4 million   were recorded during the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2015   representing debt issuance costs expensed in conjunction with the debt financing activity in May 2015.  Included within the   $18.4 million   was approximately $10.2 million of unamortized debt issuance costs written off.   
  Interest Expense-net.   Interest expense-net includes interest on borrowings outstanding, amortization of debt issuance costs and revolving credit facility fees offset by interest income. Interest expense-net increased $  65.1 million  , or   15.5%  , to   $483.9 million   for the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2016   from   $418.8 million   for the comparable period last year. The net increase in interest expense-net was primarily due to an increase in the weighted average level of outstanding borrowings, which was approximately $8,834 million for the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2016   and approximately $7,827 million for the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2015   in addition to a slight increase in the weighted average cash interest rate during the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2016   of 5.3% compared to the weighted average cash interest rate during the comparable prior period of 5.2%. The increase in weighted average level of borrowings was primarily due to the issuance of the 2026 Notes for $950 million in June 2016, the additional incremental term loans of $950 million in June 2016, the issuance of the 2025 Notes for $450 million in May 2015 and the additional incremental term loans of $1.0 billion in May 2015.  The weighted average interest rate for cash interest payments on total borrowings outstanding at   September 30, 2016   was 5.2%. 
  
   28 

     Table of Contents  

Income Taxes.   Income tax expense as a percentage of income before income taxes was approximately   23.7%   for the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   29.8%   for the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2015  . The Company s effective tax rate for these periods was less than the Federal statutory tax rate due primarily to excess tax benefits on equity compensation, foreign earnings taxed at rates lower than the U.S. statutory rates, and the domestic manufacturing deduction. The decrease in the effective tax rate for the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2015   was primarily due to the excess tax benefits on equity compensation and foreign earnings taxed at rates lower than the U.S. statutory rate. 
  Net Income  . Net income increased $  139.2 million  , or   31.1%  , to   $586.4 million   for the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2016   compared to net income of   $447.2 million   for the year ended   September 30, 2015  , primarily as a result of the factors referred to above. 
  Earnings per Share  . The basic and diluted earnings per share were   $10.39   for the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2016   and   $7.84   per share for the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2015  . Net income for the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2016   of   $586.4 million   was decreased by dividend equivalent payments of   $3.0 million   resulting in net income available to common shareholders of   $583.4 million  . Net income for the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2015   of   $447.2 million   was decreased by dividend equivalent payments of   $3.4 million   resulting in net income available to common shareholders of   $443.8 million  . The increase in earnings per share of   $2.55   per share to   $10.39   per share is a result of the factors referred to above. 
  Business Segments 
  Segment Net Sales  . Net sales by segment for the fiscal years ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   were as follows (amounts in millions): 

Organic sales for the Power   Control segment decreased   $21.2 million  , or a decrease of   1.6%  , when compared to the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2015  . The organic sales decrease resulted primarily from decreases in commercial OEM sales (  $31.4 million  , a decrease of   9.3%  ) and in defense sales (  $20.6 million  , a decrease of   4.0%  ) partially offset by an increase in commercial aftermarket sales (  $32.1 million  , an increase of   7.1%  ). Acquisition sales for the Power   Control segment totaled   $312.8 million  , or an increase of   23.5%  , resulting from the acquisitions of Breeze-Eastern and Data Device Corporation in fiscal year 2016 and the acquisitions of PneuDraulics, Telair International GmbH and Telair US LLC in fiscal year 2015.  
  Organic sales for the Airframe segment increased   $70.7 million  , or an increase of   5.5%  , when compared to the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2015  . The organic sales increase primarily resulted from increases in commercial aftermarket (  $29.3 million  , an increase of   5.3%  ), commercial OEM sales (  $19.6 million  , an increase of   4.5%  ) and defense sales (  $21.6 million  , an increase of   7.7%  ). Acquisition sales for the Airframe segment totaled   $96.5 million  , or an increase of   7.5%  , resulting from the acquisitions of Pexco Aerospace, Adams Rite Aerospace GmbH and Nordisk Aviation Products in fiscal year 2015.  
  Sales for the Non-aviation segment increased   $5.5 million   when compared to the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2015  .  The sales increase was primarily due to an increase in commercial OEM sales of approximately   $3.0 million  .  There was no impact from acquisitions in the results of the Non-aviation segment. 
  EBITDA As Defined  . EBITDA As Defined by segment for the fiscal years ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   were as follows (amounts in millions): 

Organic EBITDA As Defined for the Power   Control segment increased approximately $22.9 million for the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2015  .  EBITDA As Defined from the acquisitions  
  
   29 

     Table of Contents  

of Breeze-Eastern and Data Device Corporation in fiscal year 2016 and the acquisitions of PneuDraulics, Telair International GmbH and Telair US LLC in fiscal year 2015 was approximately $111.5 million for the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2016  . 
  Organic EBITDA As Defined for the Airframe segment increased approximately $76.9 million for the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2015  .  EBITDA As Defined from the fiscal year 2015 acquisitions of Pexco Aerospace, Adams Rite Aerospace GmbH and Nordisk Aviation Products was approximately $47.5 million for the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2016  . 
  EBITDA As Defined for the Non-aviation segment increased approximately   $5.8 million   for the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2015  .  There was no impact from acquisitions in the results of the Non-aviation segment. 
  Fiscal year ended   September 30, 2015   compared with fiscal year ended   September 30, 2014    
  Total Company 
  Net Sales  . Net organic sales and acquisition sales and the related dollar and percentage changes for the fiscal years ended   September 30, 2015   and   2014   were as follows (amounts in millions): 

Acquisition sales represent sales of acquired businesses for the period up to one year subsequent to their acquisition dates. The amount of acquisition sales shown in the table above was attributable to the acquisitions of Telair Cargo Group, Adams Rite Aerospace GmbH, Pexco Aerospace and PneuDraulics in fiscal   2015   and Airborne and EME in fiscal   2014  . 
  Commercial aftermarket sales increased $36.9 million, or an increase of 4.2%, defense sales increased $29.8 million, or an increase of 4.3%, and commercial OEM sales increased $16.4 million, or an increase of 2.4%, for the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2015   compared to fiscal year ended   September 30, 2014  . 
  Cost of Sales and Gross Profit  . Cost of sales increased by   $152.3 million  , or   13.8%  , to   $1,257.3 million   for the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2015   compared to   $1,105.0 million   for the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2014  . Cost of sales and the related percentage of total sales for the fiscal years ended   September 30, 2015   and   2014   were as follows (amounts in millions): 

The increase in the dollar amount of cost of sales during the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2015   was primarily due to increased volume associated with the sales from acquisitions and organic sales growth. 
  Gross profit as a percentage of sales increased by   0.2   percentage points to   53.6%   for the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2015   from   53.4%   for the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2014  . The dollar amount of gross profit increased by   $181.9 million  , or   14.3%  , for the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2015   compared to the comparable period last year due to the following items: 
             
    Gross profit on the sales from the acquisitions indicated above (excluding acquisition-related costs) was approximately $100 million for the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2015  , which represented gross profit of approximately 39% of  
     
   30 

     Table of Contents  

the acquisition sales. The lower gross profit margin on the acquisition sales reduced gross profit as a percentage of consolidated sales by approximately 2 percentage points. 
             
    Organic sales growth described above, application of our three core value-driven operating strategies (obtaining profitable new business, continually improving our cost structure, and providing highly engineered value-added products to customers), and positive leverage on our fixed overhead costs spread over a higher production volume, resulted in a net increase in gross profit of approximately $83 million for the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2015  . 
                
    Slightly offsetting the increases in gross profit was the impact of higher inventory purchase accounting adjustments charged to cost of sales of approximately $1 million. 
     Selling and Administrative Expenses.   Selling and administrative expenses increased by   $45.2 million   to   $321.6 million  , or   11.9%   of sales, for the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2015   from   $276.4 million  , or   11.6%   of sales, for the comparable period last year. Selling and administrative expenses and the related percentage of total sales for the fiscal years ended   September 30, 2015   and   2014   were as follows (amounts in millions): 

The increase in the dollar amount of selling and administrative expenses during the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2015   is primarily due to higher selling and administrative expenses relating to recent acquisitions of approximately $23 million, which was approximately 9% of acquisition sales, and higher acquisition-related and stock compensation expenses of $14.1 million and $4.4 million, respectively. 
  Amortization of Intangible Assets.   Amortization of intangible assets decreased to   $54.2 million   for the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2015   from   $63.6 million   for the comparable period last year. The net decrease of   $9.4 million   was primarily due to order backlog amortization expense from prior acquisitions becoming fully amortized. 
  Refinancing Costs.   Refinancing costs of   $18.4 million   were recorded during the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2015   representing debt issuance costs expensed in connection with the debt financing activity in May 2015.  Included within the   $18.4 million   was approximately $10.2 million of unamortized debt issuance costs written off.  Refinancing costs of   $131.6 million   were recorded during the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2014   representing debt issuance costs expensed in conjunction with the repurchase of the 2018 Notes.  The $131.6 million expense consisted of the premium of $121.1 million paid to redeem the 2018 Notes and the write-off of debt issuance costs of $10.5 million. 
  Interest Expense-net.   Interest expense-net includes interest on borrowings outstanding, amortization of debt issuance costs and revolving credit facility fees offset by interest income. Interest expense-net increased $71.1 million, or 20.4%, to   $418.8 million   for the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2015   from   $347.7 million   for the comparable period last year. The net increase in interest expense-net was primarily due to an increase in the weighted average level of outstanding borrowings, which was approximately $7,827 million for the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2015   and approximately $6,310 million for the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2014   slightly offset by a decrease in the weighted average cash interest rate during the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2015   of 5.2% compared to the weighted average cash interest rate during the comparable prior period of 5.3%. The increase in weighted average level of borrowings was primarily due to the issuance of the 2025 Notes for $450.0 million in May 2015 and the additional incremental term loan of $1,000.0 million in May 2015.  The weighted average interest rate for cash interest payments on total borrowings outstanding at   September 30, 2015   was 5.0%. 
  Income Taxes.   Income tax expense as a percentage of income before income taxes was approximately   29.8%   for the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2015   compared to 31.6% for the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2014  . The Company s effective tax rate for these periods was less than the Federal statutory tax rate due primarily to the domestic manufacturing deduction, foreign earnings taxed at rates lower than the U.S. statutory rates, and a discrete adjustment from filing fiscal 2014 and 2013 U.S. income tax returns. The decrease in the effective tax rate for the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2015   compared to the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2014   was primarily due to the ability to recognize the benefit from the utilization of foreign tax  
  
   31 

     Table of Contents  

credits in the current and future years, foreign earnings taxed at rates lower than the U.S. statutory rate, and a discrete adjustment related to the closing of the fiscal year 2012 and 2013 IRS examination. 
  Net Income  . Net income increased $140.3 million, or 45.7%, to   $447.2 million   for the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2015   compared to net income of   $306.9 million   for the year ended   September 30, 2014  , primarily as a result of the factors referred to above. 
  Earnings per Share  . The basic and diluted earnings per share were   $7.84   for the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2015   and   $3.16   per share for the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2014  . Net income for the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2015   of   $447.2 million   was decreased by dividend equivalent payments of   $3.4 million   resulting in net income available to common shareholders of   $443.8 million  . Net income for the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2014   of   $306.9 million   was decreased by dividend equivalent payments of   $126.6 million   resulting in net income available to common shareholders of   $180.3 million  . The increase in earnings per share of  $4.68 per share to   $7.84   per share is a result of the factors referred to above. 
  Business Segments 
  Segment Net Sales  . Net sales by segment for the fiscal years ended   September 30, 2015   and   2014   were as follows (amounts in millions): 

Organic sales for the Power   Control segment increased approximately $32 million when compared to the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2014  . The sales increase was primarily due to an increase in defense sales of approximately $23 million, or an increase of 5.0%.  Acquisition sales for the Power   Control segment totaled $136 million, or an 11.7% increase in segment sales, resulting from the acquisitions of Telair International, Telair US and PneuDraulics in fiscal 2015. 
  Organic sales for the Airframe segment, increased approximately $45 million when compared to the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2014  . The sales increase was primarily due to an increase in commercial aftermarket sales of approximately $34 million, or an increase of 7.2%, and an increase in commercial OEM sales of approximately $12 million, or an increase of 3.1%.  Acquisition sales for the Airframe segment totaled $120 million, or a 10.8% increase in segment sales, resulting from the acquisitions of Nordisk Aviation Products, Adams Rite Aerospace GmbH and Pexco Aerospace in fiscal 2015 and Airborne and EME in fiscal 2014. 
  Sales for the Non-aviation segment increased approximately $0.8 million when compared to the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2014  .  The sales increase was primarily due to an increase in commercial OEM sales of approximately $0.6 million.  There was no impact from acquisitions in the results of the Non-aviation segment. 
  EBITDA As Defined  . EBITDA As Defined by segment for the fiscal years ended   September 30, 2015   and   2014   were as follows (amounts in millions): 

Organic EBITDA As Defined for the Power   Control segment increased approximately $26 million for the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2015   compared to the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2014  . EBITDA As Defined from the acquisitions in fiscal years 2015 and 2014 was approximately $41 million for the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2015  . 
  Organic EBITDA As Defined for the Airframe segment increased approximately $49 million for the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2015   compared to the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2014  . EBITDA As Defined from the acquisitions in fiscal years 2015 and 2014 was approximately $42 million for the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2015  .  
  
   32 

     Table of Contents  

EBITDA As Defined for the Non-aviation segment increased approximately $4 million for the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2015   compared to the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2014  .  There was no impact from acquisitions in the results of the Non-aviation segment. 
  Backlog 
  For information about our backlog, see Item 1. -  Business.   
  Foreign Operations 
  Our direct sales to foreign customers were approximately   $1,169.5 million  ,   $881.1 million  , and   $735.9 million   for fiscal years   2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , respectively. Sales to foreign customers are subject to numerous additional risks, including foreign currency fluctuations, the impact of foreign government regulations, political uncertainties and differences in business practices. There can be no assurance that foreign governments will not adopt regulations or take other action that would have a direct or indirect adverse impact on the business or market opportunities of the Company within such governments  countries. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that the political, cultural and economic climate outside the United States will be favorable to our operations and growth strategy. 
  Inflation 
  Many of the Company s raw materials and operating expenses are sensitive to the effects of inflation, which could result in changing operating costs. The effects of inflation on the Company s businesses during the fiscal years   2016  ,   2015   and   2014   were immaterial. 
   
  Liquidity and Capital Resources 
  We have historically maintained a capital structure comprising a mix of equity and debt financing. We vary our leverage both to optimize our equity return and to pursue acquisitions. We expect to meet our current debt obligations as they come due through internally generated funds from current levels of operations and/or through refinancing in the debt markets prior to the maturity dates of our debt. 
  We continually evaluate our debt facilities to assess whether they most efficiently and effectively meet the current and future needs of our business. The Company evaluates from time to time the appropriateness of its current leverage, taking into consideration the Company s debt holders, equity holders, credit ratings, acquisition opportunities and other factors. The Company s debt leverage ratio, which is computed as total debt divided by EBITDA As Defined for the applicable twelve-month period, has varied widely during the Company s history, ranging from approximately 3.5 to 7.0. Our debt leverage ratio at   September 30, 2016   was approximately   6.8  . 
  The Company regularly engages in discussions with respect to potential acquisitions and investments. However, there can be no assurance that the Company will be able to consummate an agreement with respect to any future acquisition. The Company s acquisition strategy may require substantial capital, and no assurance can be given that the Company will be able to raise any necessary funds on acceptable terms or at all. If the Company incurs additional debt to finance acquisitions, total interest expense will increase.   
  If the Company has excess cash, it may consider methods by which it can provide cash to its debt or equity holders through a dividend, prepayment of indebtedness, repurchase of stock, repurchase of debt or other means. Whether the Company undertakes additional stock repurchases or other aforementioned activities will depend on prevailing market conditions, the Company s liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors. The amounts involved may be material. In addition, the Company may issue additional debt if prevailing market conditions are favorable to doing so. 
  The Company s ability to make scheduled interest payments on, or to refinance, the Company s indebtedness, or to fund non-acquisition related capital expenditures and research and development efforts, will depend on the Company s ability to generate cash in the future. This is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors that are beyond its control.  
  As a result of the debt financings in June 2016 and October 2016, interest payments will increase going forward in line with the terms of the related debt agreements. Based on its current levels of operations and absent any disruptive events, management believes that the continued application of our three core value-driven operating strategies (obtaining profitable new business, continually improve our cost structure and providing highly engineered value-added products to customers), will provide the internally generated funds, combined with the borrowings available under our revolving loan facility, to finance its operations, non-acquisition related capital expenditures, research and development efforts and long-term indebtedness obligations through at least fiscal 2017. There can be no assurance, however, that the Company s business will generate sufficient cash flow from operating activities or that future borrowings will be available to the Company under the senior secured credit facility in an amount sufficient to enable it to pay its indebtedness or to fund its other liquidity needs. The Company may need to refinance all or a portion of its indebtedness on or before maturity. Also, to the extent the Company  
  
   33 

     Table of Contents  

accelerates its growth plans, consummates acquisitions or has lower than anticipated sales or increases in expenses, the Company may also need to raise additional capital. In particular, increased working capital needs occur whenever the Company consummates acquisitions or experiences strong incremental demand. There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to raise additional capital on commercially reasonable terms or at all. 
  In the future, the Company may increase its borrowings in connection with acquisitions, if cash flow from operating activities becomes insufficient to fund current operations or for other short-term cash needs or for stock repurchases or dividends. Our future leverage will also be impacted by the then current conditions of the credit markets. 
  Operating Activities  . The Company generated   $668.9 million   of net cash from operating activities during fiscal   2016   compared to   $520.9 million   during fiscal   2015  , a net increase of   $148.0 million  . The increase is primarily attributable to a   $139.2 million   increase in income from operations. Other items impacting the change in net cash from operating activities were items adjusting net income for non-cash expenses and income, which increased by $33.4 million when excluding the impact of the Company s adoption of ASU 2016-09 in fiscal 2016.  The prospective adoption of ASU 2016-09 in fiscal 2016 (as further detailed in Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements included herein) resulted in an increase in net cash flow from operating activities of approximately $43.6 million compared to a decrease in net cash flow from operating activities of approximately $62.0 million in fiscal 2015.  Partially offsetting the increase in net cash from operating activities was higher interest payments of   $49.7 million   and higher income tax payments of   $55.9 million  .  The increase in interest payments is attributable to timing differences of the payments and the increase in principal from the June 2016 and May 2015 debt financing activities.  The increase in income tax payments is attributable to higher income before income taxes and lower excess tax benefits on share-based payment arrangements compared to fiscal 2015.  
  Changes in trade accounts receivable, inventories, and accounts payable provided approximately $48.3 million less cash flow when compared to fiscal 2015.  The change in trade accounts receivable during fiscal 2016 was a use of   $80.1 million   in cash compared to a use of cash of   $25.4 million   in fiscal 2015, which is an additional use of cash of   $54.7 million   year over year.  The higher use of cash in fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015 is attributable to the timing of sales and collections on trade accounts receivable that resulted from stronger sales in the latter half of the fourth quarter which pushed collections on the related trade accounts receivable into fiscal 2017.  The Company has also had a higher volume of sales and trade accounts receivable with foreign jurisdictions, which historically have had longer collection periods.  Days sales outstanding at September 30, 2016 increased to 54 days from 50 days sales outstanding at September 30, 2015.  
  The change in inventories was a use of cash of   $2.1 million   in fiscal 2016 compared to a use of cash of   $26.0 million   in fiscal 2015.  The decrease in the use of cash in fiscal 2016 was primarily attributable to the stronger sales volume in the latter half of the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016 which depleted on-hand inventory levels at a higher rate than during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015 in connection with increased monitoring of inventory management. Inventory turnover was at 2.22 at September 30, 2016 compared to 2.60 at September 30, 2015.    
  The change in accounts payable during fiscal 2016 was a use of cash of   $6.7 million   compared to a source of cash of   $13.5 million   in fiscal 2015.  The increase in the use of cash was primarily attributable to a lower volume of purchases in response to the increased monitoring of inventory management during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016 as well as the timing of payments to vendors.    
  The Company generated   $520.9 million   of net cash from operating activities during fiscal   2015   compared to   $541.2 million   during fiscal   2014  . The net decrease of $20.3 million was due primarily to higher interest payments due to the Company s current debt structure offset by an increase in income from operations. 
  Investing Activities.   Net cash used in investing activities was $1,443.0 million during fiscal   2016   consisting primarily of cash paid in connection with the acquisitions of Breeze-Eastern, Data Device Corporation and Tactair for   $1,401.5 million   and capital expenditures of   $44.0 million   during the   fiscal year   ended   September 30, 2016  . Slightly offsetting the cash outflows was receipt of a $2.0 million working capital settlement from the PneuDraulics acquisition in the second quarter of fiscal 2016.  The Company expects its capital expenditures in fiscal year 2017 to be between $85 million and $90 million.  The Company s capital expenditures incurred from year to year are primarily for projects that are consistent with our three core value-driven operating strategies (obtaining profitable new business, continually improve our cost structure and providing highly engineered value-added products to customers).   
  Net cash used in investing activities was   $1,679.1 million   during fiscal   2015   consisting primarily of the acquisitions of Telair Cargo Group, Adams Rite Aerospace GmbH, Pexco Aerospace and PneuDraulics for a total of   $1,624.3 million   and capital expenditures of   $54.9 million  . 
  Net cash used in investing activities was   $329.6 million   during fiscal   2014   consisting primarily of the acquisitions of Airborne and EME for a total of   $311.9 million   and capital expenditures of   $34.1 million   offset by the cash proceeds on the sale of real estate of $16.4 million. 
  
   34 

     Table of Contents  

Financing Activities  . Net cash provided by financing activities during fiscal   2016   was   $1,646.8 million  , which was primarily comprised of net proceeds from the 2016 term loans of   $1,725.9 million  , net proceeds from the 2026 Notes of   $939.6 million   and   $30.1 million   of cash proceeds from the exercise of stock options.  These increases were partially offset by   $834.4 million   of repayments on our existing term loans,   $207.8 million   in treasury stock purchases under the Company s share repurchase programs and the impact from the prospective adoption of ASU 2016-09 which resulted in the excess tax benefits related to share-based payment arrangements being classified within operating activities beginning in fiscal 2016.  In October 2016, the Company completed additional financing in connection with the tendering of its 2021 Notes and declaration of a special dividend of $24.00 per common share along with cash dividend equivalent payments on options granted under its stock option plans.  The total cash payment related to the special dividend and dividend equivalent payments in the first quarter of fiscal 2017 will be approximately $1,400 million.  Refer to Note 23,  Subsequent Events,  to our consolidated financial statements included herein for further details. 
  Net cash provided by financing activities during fiscal   2015   was   $1,054.9 million  , which comprised $1,505.7 million of net proceeds under our Tranche E Term Loans,   $445.3 million   of net proceeds from our 2025 Notes, and   $123.6 million   of cash for tax benefits related to share-based payment arrangements and from the exercise of stock options offset by   $1,025.3 million   of repayments on our term loans and   $3.4 million   of dividend equivalent payments.  
  Net cash provided by financing activities during fiscal   2014   was   $44.0 million  , which comprised   $2,326.4 million   of net proceeds from our 2022 Notes and 2024 Notes,   $805.4 million   of additional net proceeds under our 2014 Term Loans,   $199.2 million   of net proceeds from the trade receivable securitization facility, and   $78.4 million   of cash for tax benefits related to share-based payment arrangements and from the exercise of stock options offset by   $1,451.4 million   of dividends and dividend equivalent payments,   $1,721.0 million   for the repurchase of our 2018 Notes,   $159.9 million   of treasury stock purchases, and   $33.1 million   of repayments on the 2014 Term Loans.  
  Description of Senior Secured Term Loans and Indentures 
  Senior Secured Credit Facilities 
  On June 9, 2016, TD Group and certain subsidiaries of TransDigm entered into Amendment No. 1 to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the  Credit Agreement ). Refer to Note 11,  Debt  to our Consolidated Financial Statements included herein for further information regarding the Tranche F Term Loans, the conversion of a portion of the existing Tranche C Term Loans to Tranche F Term Loans, the repricing of the Tranche E Terms Loans and the increase to the Revolving Commitments. 
  TransDigm has   $5,289 million   in fully drawn term loans (the  Term Loan Facility ) and a $600 million revolving credit facility.  The Term Loan Facility consists of four tranches of term loans as follows (aggregate principal amount disclosed is as of   September 30, 2016  ):  

The Term Loan Facility requires quarterly aggregate principal payments of $13.3 million. The revolving commitments consist of four tranches which includes up to $100 million of multicurrency revolving commitments. At   September 30, 2016  , the Company had   $17 million   in letters of credit outstanding and   $583 million   in borrowings available under the revolving commitments. 
  The interest rates per annum applicable to the loans under the Credit Agreement will be, at TransDigm s option, equal to either an alternate base rate or an adjusted LIBO rate for one, two, three or six-month (or to the extent agreed to by each relevant lender, nine or twelve-month) interest periods chosen by TransDigm, in each case plus an applicable margin percentage. The adjusted LIBO rate is subject to a floor of 0.75%. At   September 30, 2016  , the applicable interest rate was 3.75% on the Tranche C, Tranche D, Tranche E and Tranche F Term Loans. 
  Under the terms of the Credit Agreement, TransDigm is entitled, on one or more occasions, to request additional revolving commitments, additional term loans or a combination thereof, to the extent that the existing or new lenders agree to provide such additional commitments provided that, among other conditions, our consolidated net leverage ratio would be no  
  
   35 

     Table of Contents  

greater than 7.25 to 1.00 and the consolidated secured net debt ratio would be no greater than 4.25 to 1.00, in each case, after giving effect to such additional revolving commitments or additional term loans. 
  The Credit Agreement requires mandatory prepayments of principal based on certain percentages of Excess Cash Flow (as defined in the Credit Agreement), commencing 90 days after the end of each fiscal year, subject to certain exceptions. In addition, subject to certain exceptions (including, with respect to asset sales, the reinvestment in productive assets), TransDigm will be required to prepay the loans outstanding under the Credit Agreement at 100% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest, with the net cash proceeds of certain asset sales and issuance or incurrence of certain indebtedness. No prepayments were required during the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2016  . 
  Interest rate swaps and caps used to hedge and offset, respectively, the variable interest rates on the credit facility are described in Note 20,  Derivatives and Hedging Activities  to the consolidated financial statements included herein. 
  On October 14, 2016, the Company entered into an Incremental Term Loan Assumption Agreement (the  Assumption Agreement ) with Credit Suisse AG, as administrative agent and collateral agent, and as a lender, in connection with the 2016 term loans. The Assumption Agreement, among other things, provides for (i) additional tranche F term loans in an aggregate principal amount equal to $650 million, which were fully drawn on October 14, 2016 (the  Initial Additional Tranche F Term Loans ), and (ii) additional delayed draw tranche F term loans in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed $500 million, which were fully drawn on October 27, 2016  (the  Delayed Draw Additional Tranche F Term Loans , and together with the Initial Additional Tranche F Term Loans, the  Additional Tranche F Term Loans ), the proceeds of which were used to repurchase its 7.50% Senior Subordinated Notes due 2021 in connection the tender offer announced on October 13, 2016.  The terms and conditions that apply to the Additional Tranche F Term Loans are substantially the same as the terms and conditions that apply to the Tranche F Term Loans under the 2016 term loans immediately prior to the Assumption Agreement. 
  Indentures 

(1) 
    On October 14, 2016, the Company entered into an Incremental Term Loan Assumption Agreement in which part of the proceeds will be used to repurchase its 2021 Notes in the first quarter of fiscal 2017. Refer to Note 23,  Subsequent Events  to the consolidated financial statements included herein for further details. 
     The 2020 Notes, 2021 Notes, the 2022 Notes, the 2024 Notes, the 2025 Notes and the 2026 Notes were issued at a price of 100% of the principal amount. Such notes do not require principal payments prior to their maturity. Interest under the Notes is payable semi-annually. The Notes represent unsecured obligations of TransDigm Inc. ranking subordinate to TransDigm Inc. s senior debt, as defined in the applicable Indentures. 
  The Notes are subordinated to all of TransDigm s existing and future senior debt, rank equally with all of its existing and future senior subordinated debt and rank senior to all of its future debt that is expressly subordinated to the Notes. The Notes are guaranteed on a senior subordinated unsecured basis by TD Group and its wholly-owned domestic subsidiaries named in the indentures. The guarantees of the Notes are subordinated to all of the guarantors  existing and future senior debt, rank equally with all of their existing and future senior subordinated debt and rank senior to all of their future debt that is expressly subordinated to the guarantees of the Notes. The Notes are structurally subordinated to all of the liabilities of TD Group s non-guarantor subsidiaries. The Notes contain many of the restrictive covenants included in the 2014 Term Loans. TransDigm is in compliance with all the covenants contained in the Notes. 
  Certain Restrictive Covenants in Our Debt Documents 
  The term loans and the Indentures governing the Notes contain restrictive covenants that, among other things, limit the incurrence of additional indebtedness, the payment of dividends, transactions with affiliates, asset sales, acquisitions, mergers and consolidations, liens and encumbrances, and prepayments of other indebtedness.  
  Pursuant to the Amendment to the Credit Agreement and subject to certain conditions, TransDigm may make certain additional restricted payments, including to declare or pay dividends or repurchase stock, in an aggregate amount not to exceed  
  
   36 

     Table of Contents  

$1,500 million on or prior to December 31, 2016.  Subsequent to December 31, 2016, the aggregate amount of restricted payments remaining, not to exceed $500 million, may be made solely to the extent that the proceeds are used to repurchase stock.  On October 14, 2016, the Company announced that TD Group s Board of Directors authorized and declared a special cash dividend of $24.00 on each outstanding share of common stock and cash dividend equivalent payments on options granted under its stock option plans. The record date for the special dividend was October 24, 2016, and the payment date for the dividend was November 1, 2016.  The total cash payment related to the special dividend and dividend equivalent payments in the first quarter of fiscal 2017 will be approximately $1,400 million.  Refer to Note 23,  Subsequent Events,  to our consolidated financial statements included herein for further details. 
  In addition, under the Credit Agreement, if the usage of the revolving credit facility exceeds 25% of the total revolving commitments, the Company will be required to maintain a maximum consolidated net leverage ratio of net debt, as defined, to trailing four-quarter EBITDA As Defined. A breach of any of the covenants or an inability to comply with the required leverage ratio could result in a default under the Credit Agreement or the Indentures.  
  If any such default occurs, the lenders under the Credit Agreement and the holders of the Notes may elect to declare all outstanding borrowings, together with accrued interest and other amounts payable thereunder, to be immediately due and payable. The lenders under the Credit Agreement also have the right in these circumstances to terminate any commitments they have to provide further borrowings. In addition, following an event of default under the Credit Agreement, the lenders thereunder will have the right to proceed against the collateral granted to them to secure the debt, which includes our available cash, and they will also have the right to prevent us from making debt service payments on the Notes. 
  As of September 30, 2016, the Company was in compliance with all of its debt covenants. 
  Trade Receivables Securitization 
  For information about our trade receivables securitization, see Note 11,  Debt  to our consolidated financial statements  included herein. 
  Stock Repurchase Program 
  For information about our stock repurchase programs, see Note 15,  Capital Stock  to our consolidated financial statements included herein. 
  Contractual Obligations 
  The following is a summary of contractual cash obligations as of   September 30, 2016   (in millions): 

(1) 
    The Tranche C Term Loans mature in February 2020, the Tranche D Term Loans mature in June 2021, the Tranche E Term Loans mature in May 2022, and the Tranche F Term Loans mature in June 2023. The term loans require quarterly principal payments totaling $13.3 million. 
              (2) 
    Assumes that the variable interest rate on our Tranche C, Tranche D, Tranche E and Tranche F borrowings under our Senior Secured Term Loans range from approximately 3.75% to 4.25% based on anticipated movements in the LIBO rate. In addition, interest payments include the impact of the 5.4% interest rate fixed through our swap agreements from September 30, 2014 through June 30, 2019 on an aggregate notional amount of $1,000 million, the impact of the 5.8% interest rate fixed through our swap agreements from March 31, 2016 through June 30, 2020 on an aggregate notional amount of $750 million, and the impact of the 4.8% interest rate fixed through our forward-starting swap agreements from June 28, 2019 through June 30, 2021 on an aggregate notional amount of $1,000 million. 
     
   37 

     Table of Contents  

(3) 
    On October 14, 2016, the Company entered into an Incremental Term Loan Assumption Agreement in which part of the proceeds will be used to repurchase its 2021 Notes in the first quarter of fiscal 2017. Refer to Note 23,  Subsequent Events  to our consolidated financial statements included herein for further details. 
     In addition to the contractual obligations set forth above, the Company incurs capital expenditures for the purpose of maintaining and replacing existing equipment and facilities and, from time to time, for facility expansion. Capital expenditures totaled approximately   $44.0 million  ,   $54.9 million  , and   $34.1 million   during fiscal years   2016  ,   2015  , and fiscal   2014  , respectively. The Company expects its capital expenditures in fiscal year 2017 to be between $85 million and $90 million. 
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
  The Company utilizes letters of credit to back certain payment and performance obligations. Letters of credit are subject to limits based on amounts outstanding under the Company s revolving credit facility. 
  New Accounting Standards 
  For information about new accounting standards, see Note 4,  Recent Accounting Pronouncements  to our consolidated financial statements included herein. 
  Additional Disclosure Required by Indentures 
  Separate financial statements of TransDigm Inc. are not presented since TD Group has no operations or significant assets separate from its investment in TransDigm Inc. and since the Notes are guaranteed by TD Group and all direct and indirect domestic restricted subsidiaries of TransDigm Inc. TransDigm Inc. s immaterial wholly owned foreign subsidiaries are not obligated to guarantee the Notes. 

ITEM 7A.    QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
    Interest Rate Risk 
  Our main exposure to market risk relates to interest rates. Our financial instruments that are subject to interest rate risk principally include fixed-rate and floating-rate long-term debt. At   September 30, 2016  , we had borrowings under our term loans of approximately   $5,235 million   that were subject to interest rate risk. Borrowings under our term loans bear interest, at our option, at a rate equal to either an alternate base rate or an adjusted LIBOR for a one-, two-, three- or six-month (or to the extent available to each lender, nine- or twelve-month) interest period chosen by us, in each case, plus an applicable margin percentage. Accordingly, the Company s cash flows and earnings will be exposed to the market risk of interest rate changes resulting from variable rate borrowings under our term loans. The effect of a hypothetical one percentage point increase in interest rates would increase the annual interest costs under our term loans by approximately $52 million based on the amount of outstanding borrowings at   September 30, 2016  . The weighted average interest rate on the   $5,235 million   of borrowings under our term loans on   September 30, 2016   was 4.2%.  
  Interest rate swaps and caps used to hedge and offset, respectively, the variable interest rates on the credit facility are described in Note 20,  Derivatives and Hedging Activities  to our consolidated financial statements included herein.  We do not hold or issue derivative instruments for speculative purposes. 
  For information about the fair value of the aggregate principal amount of borrowings under our term loans and the fair value of the Notes, see Note 19,  Fair Value Measurements  to our consolidated financial statements included herein.  

ITEM 8.    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
  The information required by this Item is contained on pages F-1 through F-40 of this Report. 

ITEM 9. 
    CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
     None. 

ITEM 9A.    CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , TD Group carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of TD Group s management, including its Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Chief Financial Officer  
  
   38 

     Table of Contents  

(Principal Financial Officer), of the effectiveness of the design and operation of TD Group s disclosure controls and procedures. Based upon that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that TD Group s disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by TD Group in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified by the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to TD Group s management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, TD Group s management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in designing and evaluating the controls and procedures. 
  Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
  The management of TD Group is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Using criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated Framework, TransDigm s management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of   September 30, 2016  . Based on our assessment, management concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of   September 30, 2016  . 
  During fiscal   2016  , we completed the acquisitions of Breeze-Eastern, Data Device Corporation and Tactair.  The results of operations are included in our consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition. As permitted by the Securities and Exchange Commission, we have elected to exclude Breeze-Eastern, Data Device Corporation and Tactair from our assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of   September 30, 2016  . Total assets, net sales and income from operations of these fiscal   2016   acquisitions represented approximately 4.1% of net sales, 15.0% of total assets and 3.2% of income from operations as reported in our consolidated financial statements for fiscal   2016  . 
            The effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of   September 30, 2016   has been audited by Ernst   Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report, which is included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference. 
  Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
            On September 23, 2016, we acquired Tactair.  Tactair operated under its own set of systems and internal controls and we are currently maintaining those systems and much of that control environment until we are able to incorporate Tactair s processes into our own systems and control environment.  We expect to complete the incorporation of Tactair s operations into our systems and control environment in fiscal 2017.   
  There have been no other changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fourth quarter of fiscal   2016   that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
  
   39 

Table of Contents  

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
  The Board of Directors and Shareholders of 
  TransDigm Group Incorporated 
  We have audited TransDigm Group Incorporated s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2016, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). TransDigm Group Incorporated s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit.  
  We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.  
  A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.  
  Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with policies and procedures may deteriorate.  
  As indicated in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting, management s assessment of and conclusion on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting did not include the internal controls of Breeze-Eastern Corporation, Data Device Corporation and Tactair, which are included in the 2016 consolidated financial statements of TransDigm Group Incorporated and constituted 15.0% of total assets as of September 30, 2016 and     4.1% and 3.2% of revenues and income from operations, respectively, for the year then ended. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting of TransDigm Group Incorporated also did not include an evaluation of the internal control over financial reporting of  Breeze-Eastern Corporation, Data Device Corporation and Tactair. 
  In our opinion, TransDigm Group Incorporated maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2016, based on the COSO criteria  . 
    
     We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated balance sheets of TransDigm Group Incorporated as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in stockholders  deficit and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2016     of TransDigm Group Incorporated and our report dated November 15, 2016 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon  .    
  /s/ Ernst   Young LLP  
  Cleveland, Ohio  
  November 15, 2016 

40 

Table of Contents  

ITEM 9B.    OTHER INFORMATION 
  None. 

PART III 

ITEM 10.    DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
  Directors and Executive Officers 
  Information regarding TD Group s directors will be set forth under the caption  Proposal One: Election of Directors  in our Proxy Statement, which is incorporated herein by reference. The following table sets forth certain information concerning TD Group s executive officers: 
                     Name 
    Age 
      
    Position 
      W. Nicholas Howley 
    64 
      
    Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of the Board of Directors 
      Robert S. Henderson 
    60 
      
    Chief Operating Officer Airframe 
      Kevin Stein 
    50 
      
    Chief Operating Officer Power   Control 
      Terrance M. Paradie 
    48 
      
    Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
      Bernt G. Iversen II 
    59 
      
    Executive Vice President Mergers and Acquisitions 
      James Skulina 
    57 
      
    Executive Vice President 
      Peter Palmer 
    52 
      
    Executive Vice President 
      John Leary 
    69 
      
    Executive Vice President 
      Jorge Valladares III 
    42 
      
    Executive Vice President 
      Roger V. Jones 
    56 
      
    Executive Vice President 
      Joel Reiss 
    46 
      
    Executive Vice President 

Mr. Howley was named Chairman of the Board of Directors of TD Group in July 2003. He has served as Chief Executive Officer of TD Group since December 2005 and of TransDigm Inc. since December 2001. Mr. Howley served as President of TD Group from July 2003 through December 2005, as Chief Operating Officer of TransDigm Inc. from December 1998 through December 2001 and as President of TransDigm Inc. from December 1998 through September 2005. Mr. Howley was a director of Polypore International Inc., a NYSE-listed manufacturer of polymer-based membranes used in separation and filtration processes through October 2012. Mr. Howley was a director of Satair A/S, a Danish public company that is an aerospace distributor, including a distributor of the Company s products through October 2011. 
  Mr. Henderson was appointed Chief Operating Officer Airframe in October 2014. Prior to that, Mr. Henderson served as Executive Vice President from December 2005 to October 2014, and as President of the AdelWiggins Group, a division of TransDigm Inc., from August 1999 to April 2008. 
  Mr. Stein was appointed Chief Operating Officer Power in October 2014. Prior to that, Mr. Stein served as Executive Vice President and President of the Structurals division of Precision Castparts Corp. from November 2011 to October 2014 and Executive Vice President and President of the Fasteners division of Precision Castparts Corp. from January 2009 through November 2011. 
  Mr. Paradie was appointed Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in April 2015.  Prior to that, Mr. Paradie held various titles since 2007 at Cliffs Natural Resources Inc., a NYSE-listed international mining company, including Chief Financial Officer (from October 2012 to April 2015) and Executive Vice President (from March 2013 to April 2015). 
  Mr. Iversen was appointed Executive Vice President Mergers   Acquisitions and Business Development in May 2012. Prior to that, Mr. Iversen served as Executive Vice President of TD Group from December 6, 2010 through May 2012 and as President of Champion Aerospace LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of TransDigm Inc., from June 2006 to December 2010. 
  Mr. Skulina was appointed Executive Vice President in January 2012. Prior to that, Mr. Skulina served as President of the Aero Fluid Products division of AeroControlex Group, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of TransDigm Inc., from September 2009 to December 2011, and as Controller of TransDigm Inc., from August 2007 to August 2009. 
  Mr. Palmer was appointed Executive Vice President in February 2012. Prior to that, Mr. Palmer served as President of AdelWiggins Group, a division of TransDigm Inc., from April 2010 to February 2012, and as President of CEF Industries, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of TransDigm Inc., from June 2008 to March 2010. 
  
   41 

     Table of Contents  

Mr. Leary was appointed Executive Vice President May 2012. Prior to that, he served as President of Hartwell Corporation, a wholly-owned subsidiary of TransDigm Inc., from October 2011 to May 2012, and as President of Adams Rite Aerospace, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of TransDigm Inc., from June 1999 to September 2011. 
  Mr. Valladares was appointed Executive Vice President in October 2013. Prior to that, Mr. Valladares served as President of AvtechTyee, Inc. (formerly Avtech Corporation), a wholly-owned subsidiary of TransDigm Inc., from August 2009 to September 2013, and as President of AdelWiggins Group, a division of TransDigm Inc., from April 2008 to July 2009. 
  Mr. Jones was appointed Executive Vice President in October 2015.  Prior to that, Mr. Jones served as President of AeroControlex, a wholly-owned subsidiary of TransDigm Inc., from September 2009 to October 2015. 
  Mr. Reiss was appointed Executive Vice President in October 2015.  Prior to that, Mr. Reiss served as President of Hartwell Corporation, a wholly-owned subsidiary of TransDigm Inc., from May 2012 to October 2015, and as President of Skurka Aerospace, also a wholly-owned subsidiary of TransDigm Inc., from July 2010 to May 2012. 
  Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 
  The information regarding compliance with Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 will be set forth under the caption entitled  Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance  in our Proxy Statement, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
  Code of Ethics 
  We have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, which applies to all of our directors, officers, and employees and a Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers which includes additional ethical obligations for our senior financial management (which includes our chief executive officer, chief financial officer, president, division presidents, controllers, treasurer, and chief internal auditor). Please refer to the information set forth under the caption  Corporate Governance Codes of Ethics   Whistleblower Policy  in our Proxy Statement, which is incorporated herein by reference. Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and our Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers is available on our website at   www.transdigm.com  . Any person may receive a copy without charge by writing to us at TransDigm Group Incorporated, 1301 East 9   th    Street, Suite 3000, Cleveland, Ohio 44114. We intend to disclose on our website any amendment to, or waiver from, a provision of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to directors and executive officers and that is required to be disclosed pursuant to the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
  Nominations of Directors 
  The procedure by which stockholders may recommend nominees to our Board of Directors will be set forth under the caption  Corporate Governance-Board Committees Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee  in our Proxy Statement, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
  Audit Committee 
  The information regarding the audit committee of our Board of Directors and audit committee financial experts will be set forth under the caption  Corporate Governance-Board Committees Audit Committee  in our Proxy Statement, which is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 11.    EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
  The information required by this item will be set forth under the captions  Executive Compensation ,  Compensation of Directors ,  Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation  and  Compensation Committee Report  in our Proxy Statement, which is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 12. 
    SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
     The information regarding security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management will be set forth under the caption  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management  in our Proxy Statement, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
  
   42 

     Table of Contents  

Equity Compensation Plan Information 
                                   Plan category 
    Number of Securities to Be Issued upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights 
  (a) 
      
    Weighted-Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights 
  (b) 
      
    Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) 
  (c) 
      
      Equity compensation plans approved by security holders   (1)  
    5,474,135 
      
     (2)   
    $ 
    135.59 

4,852,065 
      
     (3)   

(3) 
    This amount represents remaining shares available for award under our 2014 stock option plan. 

ITEM 13. 
    CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
     The information required by this item will be set forth under the captions entitled  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions,   Compensation of Directors,  and  Independence of Directors  in our Proxy Statement, which is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 14.    PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
  The information required by this item will be set forth under the caption  Principal Accounting Fees and Services  in our Proxy Statement, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
  
   43 

Table of Contents  

PART IV 

ITEM 15.    EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
  (a) Documents Filed with Report 
  (a) (1) Financial Statements 

44 

     Table of Contents  

(a) (3) Exhibits 

45 

     Table of Contents  

46 

     Table of Contents  

47 

     Table of Contents  

48 

     Table of Contents  

49 

     Table of Contents  

50 

     Table of Contents  

51 

     Table of Contents  

52 

     Table of Contents  

53 

     Table of Contents  

54 

     Table of Contents  

55 

     Table of Contents  

Exhibit No. 
      
    Description 
      
    Filed Herewith or Incorporated by Reference From 
      4.3 
       
    First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 5, 2013, among TransDigm Inc., TransDigm Group Incorporated, the guarantors listed on the signature pages thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee 
      
    Incorporated by reference to TransDigm Group Incorporated s Form 8-K filed June 11, 2013 (File No. 001-32833) 
      4.4 
       
    Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 26, 2013, among TransDigm Inc., TransDigm Group Incorporated, the guarantors listed on the signature pages thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee 
      
    Incorporated by reference to TransDigm Group Incorporated s Form 8-K filed July 1, 2013 (File No. 001-32833) 
      4.5 
       
    Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 19, 2013, among TransDigm Inc., TransDigm Group Incorporated, the guarantors listed on the signature pages thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee 
      
    Incorporated by reference to TransDigm Group Incorporated s Form 10-Q filed February 5, 2014 (File No. 001-32833) 
      4.6 
      
    Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 9, 2015, among TransDigm Inc., TransDigm Group Incorporated, the guarantors listed on the signature pages thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee 
      
    Incorporated by reference to TransDigm Group Incorporated s Form 10-Q filed May 5, 2015 (File No. 001-32833) 
      4.7 
      
    Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 12, 2015, among TransDigm Inc., TransDigm Group Incorporated, the guarantors listed on the signature pages thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee 
      
    Incorporated by reference to TransDigm Group Incorporated s Form 10-Q filed August 5, 2015 (File No. 001-32833) 
      4.8 
      
    Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 28, 2015, among TransDigm Inc., TransDigm Group Incorporated, the guarantors listed on the signature pages thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee  
      
    Incorporated by reference to TransDigm Group Incorporated s Form 10-K filed November 13, 2015 (File No. 001-32833) 
      4.9 
      
    Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 1, 2016, among TransDigm Inc., TransDigm Group Incorporated, the guarantors listed on the signature pages thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee  
      
    Filed Herewith 
      4.10 
      
    Eighth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 8, 2016, among TransDigm Inc., TransDigm Group Incorporated, the guarantors listed on the signature pages thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee  
      
    Filed Herewith 
      4.11 
      
    Ninth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 28, 2016, among TransDigm Inc., TransDigm Group Incorporated, the guarantors listed on the signature pages thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee  
      
    Filed Herewith 
      4.12 
       
    Indenture, dated as of July 1, 2013, among TransDigm Inc., as issuer, TransDigm Group Incorporated, as a guarantor, the subsidiary guarantors party thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee, relating to TransDigm Inc. s 7.50% Senior Subordinated Notes due 2021 
      
    Incorporated by reference to TransDigm Group Incorporated s Form 8-K filed July 3, 2013 (File No. 001-32833) 

56 

     Table of Contents  

Exhibit No. 
      
    Description 
      
    Filed Herewith or Incorporated by Reference From 
      4.13 
       
    First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 19, 2013, among TransDigm Inc., TransDigm Group Incorporated, the guarantors listed on the signature pages thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee 
      
    Incorporated by reference to TransDigm Group Incorporated s Form 10-Q filed February 5, 2014 (File No. 001-32833) 
      4.14 
      
    Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 9, 2015, among TransDigm Inc., TransDigm Group Incorporated, the guarantors listed on the signature pages thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee 
      
    Incorporated by reference to TransDigm Group Incorporated s Form 10-Q filed May 5, 2015 (File No. 001-32833) 
      4.15 
      
    Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 12, 2015, among TransDigm Inc., TransDigm Group Incorporated, the guarantors listed on the signature pages thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee 
      
    Incorporated by reference to TransDigm Group Incorporated s Form 10-Q filed August 5, 2015 (File No. 001-32833) 
      4.16 
      
    Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 28, 2015, among TransDigm Inc., TransDigm Group Incorporated, the guarantors listed on the signature pages thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee  
      
    Incorporated by reference to TransDigm Group Incorporated s Form 10-K filed November 13, 2015 (File No. 001-32833) 
      4.17 
      
    Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 1, 2016, among TransDigm Inc., TransDigm Group Incorporated, the guarantors listed on the signature pages thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee  
      
    Filed herewith 
      4.18 
      
    Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 8, 2016, among TransDigm Inc., TransDigm Group Incorporated, the guarantors listed on the signature pages thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee  
      
    Filed herewith 
      4.19 
      
    Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 28, 2016, among TransDigm Inc., TransDigm Group Incorporated, the guarantors listed on the signature pages thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee  
      
    Filed herewith 
      4.20 
       
    Indenture, dated as of June 4, 2014, among TransDigm Inc., TransDigm Group Incorporated, the guarantors listed on the signature pages thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee, relating to TransDigm Inc. s 6.00% Senior Subordinated Notes due 2022 
      
    Incorporated by reference to TransDigm Group Incorporated s Form 8-K filed June 6, 2014 (File No. 001-32833) 
      4.21 
      
    First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 9, 2015, among TransDigm Inc., TransDigm Group Incorporated, the guarantors listed on the signature pages thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee 
      
    Incorporated by reference to TransDigm Group Incorporated s Form 10-Q filed May 5, 2015 (File No. 001-32833) 
      4.22 
      
    Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 12, 2015, among TransDigm Inc., TransDigm Group Incorporated, the guarantors listed on the signature pages thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee 
      
    Incorporated by reference to TransDigm Group Incorporated s Form 10-Q filed August 5, 2015 (File No. 001-32833) 

57 

     Table of Contents  

Exhibit No. 
      
    Description 
      
    Filed Herewith or Incorporated by Reference From 
      4.23 
      
    Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 28, 2015, among TransDigm Inc., TransDigm Group Incorporated, the guarantors listed on the signature pages thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee  
      
    Incorporated by reference to TransDigm Group Incorporated s Form 10-K filed November 13, 2015 (File No. 001-32833) 
      4.24 
      
    Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 1, 2016, among TransDigm Inc., TransDigm Group Incorporated, the guarantors listed on the signature pages thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee  
      
    Filed Herewith 
      4.25 
      
    Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 8, 2016, among TransDigm Inc., TransDigm Group Incorporated, the guarantors listed on the signature pages thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee  
      
    Filed Herewith 
      4.26 
      
    Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 28, 2016, among TransDigm Inc., TransDigm Group Incorporated, the guarantors listed on the signature pages thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee  
      
    Filed Herewith 
      4.27 
       
    Indenture, dated as of June 4, 2014, among TransDigm Inc., TransDigm Group Incorporated, the guarantors listed on the signature pages thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee, relating to TransDigm Inc. s 6.50% Senior Subordinated Notes due 2024 
      
    Incorporated by reference to TransDigm Group Incorporated s Form 8-K filed June 6, 2014 (File No. 001-32833) 
      4.28 
      
    First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 9, 2015, among TransDigm Inc., TransDigm Group Incorporated, the guarantors listed on the signature pages thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee 
      
    Incorporated by reference to TransDigm Group Incorporated s Form 10-Q filed May 5, 2015 (File No. 001-32833) 
      4.29 
      
    Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 12, 2015, among TransDigm Inc., TransDigm Group Incorporated, the guarantors listed on the signature pages thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee 
      
    Incorporated by reference to TransDigm Group Incorporated s Form 10-Q filed August 5, 2015 (File No. 001-32833) 
      4.30 
      
    Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 28, 2015, among TransDigm Inc., TransDigm Group Incorporated, the guarantors listed on the signature pages thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee  
      
    Incorporated by reference to TransDigm Group Incorporated s Form 10-K filed November 13, 2015 (File No. 001-32833) 
      4.31 
      
    Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 1, 2016, among TransDigm Inc., TransDigm Group Incorporated, the guarantors listed on the signature pages thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee  
      
    Filed Herewith 
      4.32 
      
    Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 8, 2016, among TransDigm Inc., TransDigm Group Incorporated, the guarantors listed on the signature pages thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee  
      
    Filed Herewith 

58 

     Table of Contents  

Exhibit No. 
      
    Description 
      
    Filed Herewith or Incorporated by Reference From 
      4.33 
      
    Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 28, 2016, among TransDigm Inc., TransDigm Group Incorporated, the guarantors listed on the signature pages thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee  
      
    Filed Herewith 
      4.34 
       
    Indenture, dated as of May 14, 2015, among TransDigm Inc., TransDigm Group Incorporated, the guarantors listed on the signature pages thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee, relating to TransDigm Inc. s 6.50% Senior Subordinated Notes due 2025 
      
    Incorporated by reference to TransDigm Group Incorporated s Form 8-K filed May 19, 2015 (File No. 001-32833) 
      4.35 
      
    First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 12, 2015, among TransDigm Inc., TransDigm Group Incorporated, the guarantors listed on the signature pages thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee 
      
    Incorporated by reference to TransDigm Group Incorporated s Form 10-Q filed August 5, 2015 (File No. 001-32833) 
      4.36 
      
    Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 28, 2015, among TransDigm Inc., TransDigm Group Incorporated, the guarantors listed on the signature pages thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee 
      
    Incorporated by reference to TransDigm Group Incorporated s Form 10-K filed November 13, 2015 (File No. 001-32833) 
      4.37 
      
    Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 1, 2016, among TransDigm Inc., TransDigm Group Incorporated, the guarantors listed on the signature pages thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee  
      
    Filed Herewith 
      4.38 
      
    Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 8, 2016, among TransDigm Inc., TransDigm Group Incorporated, the guarantors listed on the signature pages thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee  
      
    Filed Herewith 
      4.39 
      
    Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 28, 2016, among TransDigm Inc., TransDigm Group Incorporated, the guarantors listed on the signature pages thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee  
      
    Filed Herewith 
      4.40 
      
    Indenture, dated as of June 6, 2016, among TransDigm Inc., Transdigm Group Incorporated, the guarantors party thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee, relating to TransDigm Inc. s 6.375% Senior Subordinated Notes due 2026 
      
    Incorporated by reference to TransDigm Group Incorporated s Form 8-K filed June 14, 2016 (File No. 001-32833) 
      4.41 
      
    First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 8, 2016, among TransDigm Inc., TransDigm Group Incorporated, the guarantors listed on the signature pages thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee  
      
    Filed Herewith 
      4.42 
      
    Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 28, 2016, among TransDigm Inc., TransDigm Group Incorporated, the guarantors listed on the signature pages thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee  
      
    Filed Herewith 
      4.43 
       
    Form of 5.50% Senior Subordinated Notes due 2020 
      
    Incorporated by reference to TransDigm Group Incorporated s Form 10-K filed November 16, 2012 (File No. 001-32833) 
      4.44 
       
    Form of 7.50% Senior Subordinated Notes due 2021 
      
    Incorporated by reference to TransDigm Group Incorporated s Form 8-K filed July 3, 2013 (File No. 001-32833) 

59 

     Table of Contents  

60 

     Table of Contents  

61 

     Table of Contents  

62 

     Table of Contents  

Exhibit No. 
      
    Description 
      
    Filed Herewith or Incorporated by Reference From 
      10.39 
       
    Amendment and Restatement Agreement, and Second Amendment and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of June 4, 2014, among TransDigm Inc., TransDigm Group Incorporated, the subsidiaries of TransDigm Inc. from time to time party thereto, the lenders party thereto, as lenders, and Credit Suisse AG, as administrative agent 
      
    Incorporated by reference to TransDigm Group Incorporated s Form 8-K filed June 6, 2014 (File No. 001-32833) 
      10.40 
      
    Incremental Assumption and Refinancing Facility Agreement, dated as of May 14, 2015, among TransDigm Inc., TransDigm Group Incorporated, the subsidiary guarantors party thereto, Credit Suisse AG, as administrative agent and collateral agent, and the other agents and lenders named therein 
      
    Incorporated by reference to TransDigm Group Incorporated s Form 8-K filed May 19, 2015 (File No. 001-32833) 
      10.41 
      
    Loan Modification Agreement, dated as of May 20, 2015, among TransDigm Inc., TransDigm Group Incorporated, the subsidiary guarantors party thereto, Credit Suisse AG, as administrative agent and collateral agent, and the other agents and lenders party thereto 
      
    Incorporated by reference to TransDigm Group Incorporated s Form 8-K filed May 27, 2015 (File No. 001-32833) 
      10.42 
      
    Incremental Revolving Credit Assumption and Refinancing Facility Agreement, dated as of May 20, 2015, among TransDigm Inc., TransDigm Group Incorporated, the subsidiary guarantors party thereto, Credit Suisse AG, as administrative agent and collateral agent and the other agents and lenders party thereto 
      
    Incorporated by reference to TransDigm Group Incorporated s Form 8-K filed May 27, 2015 (File No. 001-32833) 
      10.43 
      
    Incremental Term Loan Assumption Agreement dated October 14, 2016 among TransDigm Inc., TransDigm Group Incorporated, the subsidiaries of TransDigm Inc. party thereto, the lenders party thereto and Credit Suisse AG, as administrative and collateral agent 
      
    Incorporated by reference to TransDigm Group Incorporated s Form 8-K filed October 14, 2016 (File No. 001-32833) 
      10.44 
       
    Guarantee and Collateral Agreement, dated as of June 23, 2006, as amended and restated as of December 6, 2010, as further amended and restated as of February 14, 2011 and February 28, 2013, among TransDigm Inc., TransDigm Group Incorporated, the subsidiaries of TransDigm Inc. named therein and Credit Suisse AG as administrative agent and collateral agent 
      
    Incorporated by reference to TransDigm Group Incorporated s Form 8-K filed March 6, 2013 (File No. 001-32833) 
      10.45 
      
    Supplement No. 7, dated as of September 2, 2015, between Pneudraulics, Inc. and Credit Suisse 

Incorporated by reference to TransDigm Group Incorporated s Form 10-K filed November 13, 2015 (File No. 001-32833) 
      10.46 
       
    Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated October 21, 2013, among TransDigm Receivables LLC, TransDigm Inc., PNC Bank, National Association as a Purchaser and a Purchaser Agent, the various other Purchasers and Purchaser Agents from time to time party thereto, and PNC National Association as Administrator 
      
    Incorporated by reference to TransDigm Group Incorporated s Form 10-Q filed February 5, 2014 (File No. 001-32833) 
      10.47 
      
    First Amendment to the Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated March 25, 2014, among TransDigm Receivables LLC, TransDigm Inc., PNC Bank, National Association as a Purchaser, Purchaser Agent for its Purchaser Group and as Administrator 

Incorporated by reference to TransDigm Group Incorporated s Form 10-K filed November 13, 2015 (File No. 001-32833) 

63 

     Table of Contents  

Exhibit No. 
      
    Description 
      
    Filed Herewith or Incorporated by Reference From 
      10.48 
      
    Second Amendment to the Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated August 8, 2014, among TransDigm Receivables LLC, TransDigm Inc., PNC Bank, National Association, as a Committed Purchaser, as a Purchaser Agent for its Purchaser Group and Administrator, and Credit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, as a Committed Purchaser and as a Purchase Agent for its Purchaser Group 

Incorporated by reference to TransDigm Group Incorporated s Form 10-K filed November 13, 2015 (File No. 001-32833) 
      10.49 
      
    Third Amendment to the Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated March 20, 2015, among TransDigm Receivables LLC, TransDigm Inc., PNC Bank, National Association, as a Committed Purchaser, as a Purchaser Agent for its Purchaser Group and Administrator, Atlantic Asset Securitization LLC, as a Conduit Purchaser, and Credit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, as a Committed Purchaser and as a Purchase Agent for its and Atlantic s Purchaser Group 

Incorporated by reference to TransDigm Group Incorporated s Form 10-K filed November 13, 2015 (File No. 001-32833) 
      10.50 
      
    Fourth Amendment to the Receivables Purchase Agreement dated as of August 4, 2015, among TransDigm Receivables LLC, TransDigm Inc., PNC Bank, National Association, as a Committed Purchase, as  a Purchaser Agent for its Purchaser Group and Administrator, Atlantic Asset Securitization LLC, as a Conduit Purchaser, and Credit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, as a Committed Purchaser and as a Purchaser Agent for its and Atlantic s Purchaser Group 

Incorporated by reference to TransDigm Group Incorporated s Form 8-K filed August 7, 2015 (File No. 001-32833) 
      12.1 
       
    Statement of Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges 
      
    Filed herewith 
      21.1 
       
    Subsidiaries of TransDigm Group Incorporated 
      
    Filed herewith 
      23.1 
       
    Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
      
    Filed herewith 
      31.1 
       
    Certification by Principal Executive Officer of TransDigm Group Incorporated pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
      
    Filed herewith 
      31.2 
       
    Certification by Principal Financial Officer of TransDigm Group Incorporated pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
       
    Filed herewith 
      32.1 
       
    Certification by Principal Executive Officer of TransDigm Group Incorporated pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
       
    Filed herewith 
      32.2 
       
    Certification by Principal Financial Officer of TransDigm Group Incorporated pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
       
    Filed herewith 
      101 
       
    Financial Statements and Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements formatted in XBRL. 
       
    Filed herewith 

* 
    Indicates management contract or compensatory plan contract or arrangement. 

64 

     Table of Contents  

65 

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURES 
  Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on   November 15, 2016  . 
                 TRANSDIGM GROUP INCORPORATED 
      By: 
    /s/    Terrance M. Paradie        
      Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
      Title: 
    Executive Vice President and Chief Financial 
  Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and as of the dates indicated. 
                       Signature 
      
    Title 
      
    Date 
      /s/    W. Nicholas Howley 
      
    Chairman of the Board of Directors, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
      
    November 15, 2016 
      W. Nicholas Howley 

/s/    Terrance M. Paradie 
      
    Executive Vice President and Chief 
  Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
      
    November 15, 2016 
      Terrance M. Paradie 

/s/    William Dries 
      
    Director 
      
    November 15, 2016 
      William Dries 

/s/    Mervin Dunn 
      
    Director 
      
    November 15, 2016 
      Mervin Dunn 

/s/    Michael Graff 
      
    Director 
      
    November 15, 2016 
      Michael Graff 

/s/    Sean P. Hennessy 
      
    Director 
      
    November 15, 2016 
      Sean P. Hennessy 

/s/    Douglas Peacock 
      
    Director 
      
    November 15, 2016 
      Douglas Peacock 

/s/    Robert J. Small 
      
    Director 
      
    November 15, 2016 
      Robert J. Small 

/s/    John Staer 
      
    Director 
      
    November 15, 2016 
      John Staer 

/s/    Raymond F. Laubenthal 
      
    Director 
      
    November 15, 2016 
      Raymond F. Laubenthal 

66 

Table of Contents  

TRANSDIGM GROUP INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K: 
  FISCAL YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 
  ITEM 8 AND ITEM 15(a) (1) 
  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
  INDEX 

67 

Table of Contents  

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
  The Board of Directors and Shareholders of 
  TransDigm Group Incorporated 
  We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of TransDigm Group Incorporated as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in stockholders  deficit and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2016. Our audits also included the financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a). These financial statements and schedule are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and schedule based on our audits.  
  We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.  
  In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of TransDigm Group Incorporated at September, 30, 2016 and 2015, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2016, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Also, in our opinion, the related financial statement schedule, when considered in relation to the basic financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly in all material respects the information set forth therein.  
  We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), TransDigm Group Incorporated s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2016, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated November 15, 2016, expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.  
  /s/ Ernst   Young LLP  
  Cleveland, Ohio  
  November 15, 2016 

F-1 

Table of Contents  

TRANSDIGM GROUP INCORPORATED 
  CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
  AS OF SEPTEMBER 30,   2016   AND   2015    
  (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts)   

  See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
  
   F-2 

Table of Contents  

TRANSDIGM GROUP INCORPORATED 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
  (Amounts in thousands, except per share amounts)   

  See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  
   F-3 

Table of Contents  

TRANSDIGM GROUP INCORPORATED 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
  (Amounts in thousands) 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  
   F-4 

Table of Contents  

TRANSDIGM GROUP INCORPORATED 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS  DEFICIT 
  (Amounts in thousands, except share and per share amounts)   

  See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  
   F-5 

Table of Contents  

TRANSDIGM GROUP INCORPORATED 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
  (Amounts in thousands)   

  See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  
   F-6 

Table of Contents  

TRANSDIGM GROUP INCORPORATED 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
   
  1.        DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS 
  Description of the Business   TransDigm Group Incorporated ( TD Group ), through its wholly-owned subsidiary, TransDigm Inc., is a leading global designer, producer and supplier of highly engineered aircraft components for use on nearly all commercial and military aircraft in service today. TransDigm Inc. along with TransDigm Inc. s direct and indirect wholly-owned operating subsidiaries (collectively, with TD Group, the  Company  or  TransDigm ), offers a broad range of proprietary aerospace components. TD Group has no significant assets or operations other than its   100%   ownership of TransDigm Inc. TD Group s common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange, or the NYSE, under the trading symbol  TDG.  
  Major product offerings, substantially all of which are ultimately provided to end-users in the aerospace industry, include mechanical/electro-mechanical actuators and controls, ignition systems and engine technology, specialized pumps and valves, power conditioning devices, specialized AC/DC electric motors and generators, NiCad batteries and chargers, engineered latching and locking devices, rods and locking devices, engineered connectors and elastomers, databus and power controls, cockpit security components and systems, specialized cockpit displays, aircraft audio systems, specialized lavatory components, seat belts and safety restraints, engineered interior surfaces and related components, lighting and control technology, military personnel parachutes high performance hoists, winches and lifting devices, and cargo loading, handling and delivery systems. 
   
  2.    ACQUISITIONS 
  During the last three fiscal years, the Company completed the acquisitions of Tactair, DDC, Breeze-Eastern, PneuDraulics, Pexco Aerospace, Adams Rite Aerospace GmbH, Telair Cargo Group, EME and Airborne.  The Company accounted for the acquisitions using the acquisition method and included the results of operations of the acquisitions in its consolidated financial statements from the effective date of each acquisition.  As of   September 30, 2016  , the one-year measurement period is open for Tactair, Breeze-Eastern and DDC and therefore the assets acquired and liabilities assumed related to these acquisitions are subject to adjustment.  The Company is in the process of obtaining a third-party valuation of certain tangible and intangible assets of Tactair and DDC; therefore, the values attributed to those acquired assets in the consolidated financial statements are subject to adjustment. Pro forma net sales and results of operations for the acquisitions, had they occurred at the beginning of the applicable fiscal year ended   September 30, 2016   or   2015  , are not significant and, accordingly, are not provided. 
  The acquisitions strengthen and expand the Company s position to design, produce and supply highly engineered proprietary aerospace components in niche markets with significant aftermarket content and provide opportunities to create value through the application of our three core value-driven operating strategies (obtaining profitable new business, improving our cost structure and providing highly engineered value-added products to customers). The purchase price paid for each acquisition reflects the current earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) and cash flows, as well as, the future EBITDA and cash flows expected to be generated by the business, which are driven in most cases by the recurring aftermarket consumption over the life of a particular aircraft, estimated to be approximately   25   to   30 years  . 
  Tactair     On September 23, 2016, the Company acquired all of the outstanding stock of Young   Franklin, Inc., the parent company of Tactair Fluid Controls, Inc., for approximately   $256.1 million   in cash, subject to a working capital adjustment. Tactair manufactures proprietary, highly engineered valves and actuators. These products fit well with TransDigm s overall business direction.  Tactair is included in TransDigm s Power   Control segment. The purchase price includes approximately   $73.2 million   of tax benefits being realized by the Company over a   15  -year period that will begin in the first quarter of fiscal 2017, and the Company expects that all of the approximately   $132.3 million   of goodwill recognized for the acquisition will be deductible for tax purposes. 
  Data Device Corporation     On June 23, 2016, the Company acquired all of the outstanding stock of ILC Holdings, Inc., the parent company of Data Device Corporation, from Behrman Capital for a total purchase price of approximately   $1.0 billion   in cash. In October 2016, the Company received a working capital settlement of   $1.4 million  . TransDigm financed the acquisition of DDC with cash proceeds from the 2026 Notes and Tranche F Term Loans. DDC is a supplier of databus and power controls and related products that are used primarily in military avionics, commercial aerospace and space applications.  These products fit well with TransDigm s overall business direction. DDC is included in TransDigm s Power   Control segment.  
  
   F-7 

     Table of Contents  

The total purchase price of DDC was allocated to the underlying assets acquired and liabilities assumed based upon management s estimated fair values at the date of acquisition. To the extent the purchase price exceeded the estimated fair value of the net identifiable tangible and intangible assets acquired, such excess was allocated to goodwill. The following table summarizes the preliminary purchase price allocation of the estimated fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the transaction date (in thousands). 

The Company expects that all of the approximately   $760.7 million   of goodwill recognized for the acquisition will not be deductible for tax purposes. 
  Breeze-Eastern     On January 4, 2016, the Company completed the tender offer for all of the outstanding stock of Breeze-Eastern for   $19.61   per share in cash.  The purchase price was approximately   $205.9 million  , of which   $146.4 million   (net of cash acquired of $  30.8 million  ) was paid at closing and   $34.9 million   was accrued for payment to dissenting shareholders. Of the accrual,   $28.7 million   related to the original merger consideration and   $6.2 million   represented the settlement reached with the dissenting shareholders resolving the dispute over the dissenting shareholders  statutory appraisal action. Of the   $6.2 million   settlement,   $4.9 million   was recorded as selling and administrative expense and   $1.3 million   was recorded as interest expense under Delaware General Corporate Law. On October 20, 2016, the Company paid the   $34.9 million   settlement to the dissenting shareholders and the dissenting stockholders fully released their claims against the Company.  Breeze-Eastern manufactures high performance lifting and pulling devices for military and civilian aircraft, including rescue hoists, winches and cargo hooks, and weapons-lifting systems. These products fit well with TransDigm s overall business direction. Breeze-Eastern is included in TransDigm s Power   Control segment. The Company expects that all of the approximately   $115.4 million   of goodwill recognized for the acquisition will not be deductible for tax purposes. 
  The Breeze-Eastern acquisition includes environmental reserves recorded at a fair value of approximately   $25.8 million  .  Of the   $25.8 million   in environmental reserves,   $3.9 million   is included in accrued liabilities and   $21.9 million   is included in other non-current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet.  The estimated   $25.8 million   fair value of the environmental reserves for Breeze-Eastern is preliminary and recorded at the respective probable and estimable amount. The environmental matters relate to soil and groundwater contamination and other environmental matters at several former facilities unrelated to Breeze-Eastern s current operations. 
  PneuDraulics     On August 19, 2015, the Company acquired all of the outstanding stock of PneuDraulics, Inc. for approximately   $321.5 million   in cash, which is net of a working capital settlement received in fiscal 2016 of   $2.0 million  . PneuDraulics manufactures proprietary, highly engineered aerospace pneumatic and hydraulic components and subsystems for commercial transport, regional, business jet and military applications. These products fit well with TransDigm s overall business direction.  PneuDraulics is included in TransDigm s Power   Control segment. The purchase price includes approximately   $108.1 million   of tax benefits being realized by the Company over a   15  -year period that began in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015.  All of the approximately   $222.7 million   of goodwill recognized for the acquisition is deductible for tax purposes. 
  Pexco Aerospace     On May 14, 2015, the Company acquired the assets of the aerospace business of Pexco LLC ( Pexco Aerospace ) for a total purchase price of approximately   $496.4 million   in cash. Pexco Aerospace manufactures extruded plastic interior parts for use in the commercial aerospace industry. These products fit well with TransDigm s overall business direction. Pexco Aerospace is included in TransDigm s Airframe segment. The purchase price includes approximately   $166.4 million   of tax benefits being realized by TransDigm over a   15  -year period that began in the third quarter of fiscal 2015.  All of the approximately   $405.7 million   of goodwill recognized for the acquisition is deductible for tax purposes. 
  
   F-8 

     Table of Contents  

Adams Rite Aerospace GmbH     On March 31, 2015, the Company acquired the aerospace business of Franke Aquarotter GmbH (now known as Adams Rite Aerospace GmbH) for approximately   $75.3 million   in cash. Adams Rite Aerospace GmbH manufactures proprietary faucets and related products for use on commercial transports and regional jets. These products fit well with TransDigm s overall business direction. Adams Rite Aerospace GmbH is included in TransDigm s Airframe segment. All of the approximately   $63.7 million   of goodwill recognized for the acquisition is not deductible for tax purposes. 
  Telair Cargo Group     On March 26, 2015, the Company acquired all of the outstanding stock of Telair International GmbH ( Telair International ), all of the outstanding stock of Nordisk Aviation Products ( Nordisk ) and the assets of the AAR Cargo business (collectively,  Telair Cargo Group ).  The total purchase price was approximately   $730.9 million   in cash. Telair Cargo Group manufactures aerospace on-board cargo loading and handling, restraint systems and unit load devices for a variety of commercial and military platforms with positions on a wide range of new and existing aircraft. These products fit well with TransDigm s overall business direction. The business consists of three major operating units: Telair International, Nordisk and Telair US. Telair International and Telair US are included in TransDigm s Power   Control segment and Nordisk is included in TransDigm s Airframe segment. Approximately   $33.2 million   of goodwill recognized for the acquisition is deductible for tax purposes and approximately   $450.2 million   of goodwill recognized for the acquisition is not deductible for tax purposes. 
  EME     On March 6, 2014, TransDigm Germany GmbH, a newly formed subsidiary of TransDigm Inc., acquired EME for approximately   $49.6 million  , which comprises   $40.4 million   in cash plus the assumption of approximately   $9.2 million   of net indebtedness. EME manufactures proprietary, highly engineered aerospace electromechanical actuators, electrical and electromechanical components and assemblies for commercial aircraft, helicopters and other specialty applications. These products fit well with TransDigm s overall business direction. EME is included in TransDigm s Airframe segment. Approximately   $20.3 million   of goodwill recognized for the acquisition is not deductible for tax purposes. 
  Airborne     On December 19, 2013, TransDigm Inc. acquired all of the outstanding stock of Airborne for approximately   $264.2 million   in cash. Airborne manufactures personnel parachutes, cargo aerial delivery systems, emergency escape systems, naval decoys and other related products. These products fit well with TransDigm s overall business direction. Airborne is included in TransDigm s Airframe segment. Approximately   $158.2 million   of goodwill recognized for the acquisition is not deductible for tax purposes. 
   
  3.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
  Basis of Presentation and Consolidation   The accompanying consolidated financial statements were prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States ( GAAP ) and include the accounts of TD Group and subsidiaries. All significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated. Certain reclassifications have been made to the prior year financial statements to conform to the current year adoption of recently released accounting standards. Refer to Note 4,  Recent Accounting Pronouncements  for additional details on the reclassifications. 
  Revenue Recognition and Related Allowances   Revenue is recognized from the sale of products when title and risk of loss passes to the customer, which is generally at the time of shipment. Substantially all product sales are made pursuant to firm, fixed-price purchase orders received from customers. Provisions for estimated returns, uncollectible accounts and the cost of repairs under contract warranty provisions are provided for in the same period as the related revenues are recorded and are principally based on historical results modified, as appropriate, by the most current information available. Due to uncertainties in the estimation process, it is possible that actual results may vary from the estimates. 
  Shipping and Handling Costs   Shipping and handling costs are included in cost of sales in the consolidated statements of income. 
  Research and Development Costs   The Company expenses research and development costs as incurred and classifies such amounts in selling and administrative expenses. The expense recognized for research and development costs for the years ended   September 30, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014   was approximately   $58.6 million  ,   $48.3 million  , and   $42.3 million  , respectively. 
  Cash Equivalents   The Company considers all highly liquid investments with a maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. 
  Allowance for Uncollectible Accounts   The Company reserves for amounts determined to be uncollectible based on specific identification of losses and estimated losses based on historical experience. The allowance also incorporates a provision for the estimated impact of disputes with customers. The determination of the amount of the allowance for doubtful accounts is subject to significant levels of judgment and estimation by management. If circumstances change or economic conditions deteriorate or improve, the allowance for doubtful accounts could increase or decrease. 
  Inventories   Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. Cost of inventories is generally determined by the average cost and the first-in, first-out (FIFO) methods and includes material, labor and overhead related to the manufacturing process. Provision for potentially obsolete or slow-moving inventory is made based on management s analysis of inventory  
  
   F-9 

     Table of Contents  

levels and future sales forecasts. In accordance with industry practice, all inventories are classified as current assets even though a portion of the inventories may not be sold within   one year  . 
  Property, Plant and Equipment   Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost and include improvements which significantly increase capacities or extend the useful lives of existing plant and equipment. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method over the following estimated useful lives: land improvements from   10   to   20   years, buildings and improvements from   5   to   30   years, machinery and equipment from   2   to   10   years and furniture and fixtures from   3   to   10   years.  Net gains or losses related to asset dispositions are recognized in earnings in the period in which dispositions occur. Routine maintenance, repairs and replacements are expensed as incurred. 
  Property, plant and equipment is assessed for potential impairment whenever indicators of impairment are present by determining whether the carrying value of the property can be recovered through projected, undiscounted cash flows from future operations over the property s remaining estimated useful life. Any impairment recognized is the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the fair value of the asset.  Fair value is measured based on quoted market prices in active markets, if available. If quoted market prices are not available, the estimate of fair value is based on various valuation techniques, including the discounted value of estimated future cash flows. 
  Debt Issuance Costs, Premiums and Discounts   The cost of obtaining financing as well as premiums and discounts are amortized using the effective interest method over the terms of the respective obligations as a component of interest expense within the consolidated statements of income.  Refer to Note 4,  Recent Accounting Pronouncements  and Note 11,  Debt,  for balance sheet presentation of debt issuance costs, premiums and discounts.   
  Intangible Assets   Intangible assets consist of identifiable intangibles acquired or recognized in accounting for the acquisitions (trademarks, trade names, technology, order backlog and other intangible assets) and goodwill. Goodwill and intangible assets that have indefinite useful lives (i.e., trademarks and trade names) are subject to annual impairment testing. Management determines fair value using a discounted future cash flow analysis or other accepted valuation techniques. The Company performs an annual impairment test for goodwill and other intangible assets as of the first day of the fourth fiscal quarter of each year, or more frequently, if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce fair value below current value. 
  A two-step impairment test is used to identify potential goodwill impairment. The first step of the goodwill impairment test, used to identify potential impairment, compares the fair value of a reporting unit (as defined) with its carrying amount, including goodwill. If the fair value of the reporting unit exceeds its carrying amount, goodwill is not considered impaired, and the second step of the goodwill impairment test is unnecessary. The second step measures the amount of impairment, if any, by comparing the carrying value of the goodwill associated with a reporting unit to the implied fair value of the goodwill derived from the estimated overall fair value of the reporting unit and the individual fair values of the other assets and liabilities of the reporting unit. 
  GAAP requires that the annual, and any interim, impairment assessment be performed at the reporting unit level. The reporting unit level is one level below an operating segment. Substantially all goodwill was determined and recognized for each reporting unit pursuant to the accounting for the merger or acquisition as of the date of each transaction. With respect to acquisitions integrated into an existing reporting unit, any acquired goodwill is combined with the goodwill of the reporting unit. 
  The impairment test for indefinite lived intangible assets consists of a comparison between their fair values and carrying values. If the carrying amounts of intangible assets that have indefinite useful lives exceed their fair values, an impairment loss will be recognized in an amount equal to the sum of any such excesses. 
  The Company assesses the recoverability of its amortizable intangible assets only when indicators of impairment are present by determining whether the amortization over their remaining lives can be recovered through projected, undiscounted cash flows from future operations. Amortization of amortizable intangible assets is computed using the straight-line method over the following estimated useful lives: technology from   20   to   22   years, order backlog over   one year  , and other intangible assets over   20   years. 
  Stock-Based Compensation   The Company records stock-based compensation expense using the fair value method of accounting. Compensation expense is recorded over the vesting periods of the stock options, restricted stock and other stock-based incentives. No expense is recognized for any stock options, restricted stock and other stock-based incentives ultimately forfeited because the recipients fail to meet vesting requirements. 
  Income Taxes   The Company accounts for income taxes using an asset and liability approach. Deferred taxes are recorded for the difference between the book and tax basis of various assets and liabilities. A valuation allowance is provided when it is more likely than not that some or all of a deferred tax asset will not be realized. 
  
   F-10 

     Table of Contents  

Contingencies   During the ordinary course of business, the Company is from time to time threatened with, or may become a party to, legal actions and other proceedings. While the Company is currently involved in certain legal proceedings, it believes the results of these proceedings will not have a material adverse effect on its financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. 
  Estimates   The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
  Comprehensive Income (Loss)   The term  comprehensive income (loss)  represents the change in stockholders  equity (deficit) from transactions and other events and circumstances resulting from non-stockholder sources. The Company s accumulated other comprehensive income or loss, consisting principally of fair value adjustments to its interest rate swap and cap agreements (net of tax), cumulative foreign currency translation adjustments and pension liability adjustments (net of tax), is reported separately in the accompanying consolidated statements of comprehensive income. 
  Foreign Currency Translation and Transactions   The assets and liabilities of subsidiaries located outside the United States are translated into U.S. dollars at the rates of exchange in effect at the balance sheet dates. Revenue and expense items are translated at the average monthly exchange rates prevailing during the period. Gains and losses resulting from foreign currency transactions are recognized currently in income, and those resulting from translation of financial statements are accumulated as a separate component of other comprehensive income (loss) for the period. Foreign currency gains or losses recognized currently in income from changes in exchange rates were immaterial to our results of operations. 
  Earnings per Share   Earnings per share information is determined using the two-class method, which includes the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period and other securities that participate in dividends ( participating securities ). Our vested and unvested stock options are considered  participating securities  because they include non-forfeitable rights to dividends. In applying the two-class method, earnings are allocated to both common stock shares and participating securities based on their respective weighted-average shares outstanding for the period. Diluted earnings per share information may include the additional effect of other securities, if dilutive, in which case the dilutive effect of such securities is calculated using the treasury stock method.  Contingently issuable shares are not included in earnings per share until the period in which their issuance becomes probable; therefore, basic and diluted earnings per share are the same. 
   
  4.    RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS 
  In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued ASU 2014-09 which creates a new topic in the Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) Topic 606,    Revenue From Contracts With Customers.    In addition to superseding and replacing nearly all existing U.S. GAAP revenue recognition guidance, including industry-specific guidance, ASC 606 establishes a new control-based revenue recognition model; changes the basis for deciding when revenue is recognized over time or at a point in time; provides new and more detailed guidance on specific topics; and expands and improves disclosures about revenue. The new revenue standards may be applied retrospectively to each prior period presented or retrospectively with the cumulative effect recognized as of the date of adoption. The guidance is effective for the Company for annual reporting periods, including interim periods therein, beginning October 1, 2018. We have performed a preliminary review of the new guidance as compared to our current accounting policies and a contract review has begun. The Company is currently evaluating the impact that adopting the standard, along with the subsequent updates and clarifications, will have on its consolidated financial statements and disclosures. During fiscal 2017, we plan to finalize our review and determine our date and method of adoption. 
            In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-03,  Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs,  which expands upon the guidance on the presentation of debt issuance costs. The guidance requires that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of the debt liability, consistent with debt discounts. The guidance does not change the current requirements surrounding the recognition and measurement of debt issuance costs, and the amortization of debt issuance costs will continue to be reported as interest expense. The guidance was effective for the Company beginning October 1, 2016.  However, as early adoption is permissible, the Company adopted the pronouncement effective October 1, 2015. The adoption of this pronouncement did not have a significant impact on our consolidated financial position and results of operations, although it did change the financial statement classification of debt issuance costs. In connection with adopting the pronouncement beginning October 1, 2015, the Company reclassified   $77.7 million   in debt issuance costs as of September 30, 2015, to current portion of long-term debt and long-term debt in the liabilities section of the consolidated balance sheet.  
  In September 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-16,  Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement-Period Adjustments,  a new standard intended to simplify the accounting for measurement period adjustments in a business combination. Measurement period adjustments are changes to provisional amounts recorded when the accounting for a business combination is incomplete as of the end of a reporting period. The measurement period can extend for up to a year following the transaction  
  
   F-11 

     Table of Contents  

date. During the measurement period, companies may make adjustments to provisional amounts when information necessary to complete the measurement is received. The new guidance requires companies to recognize these adjustments, including any related impacts to net income, in the reporting period in which the adjustments are determined. Companies are no longer required to retroactively apply measurement period adjustments to all periods presented. The guidance was effective for the Company on October 1, 2016.  However, as early adoption is permissible, the Company adopted the pronouncement beginning October 1, 2015.  The adoption of this pronouncement did not have a significant impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements and disclosures.  
  In November 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-17,  Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes,  which requires entities to present deferred tax assets and liabilities as noncurrent in a classified balance sheet. This guidance simplifies the current guidance, which requires entities to separately present deferred tax assets and liabilities as current and non-current in a classified balance sheet. ASU 2015-17 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those years, and may be applied either prospectively to all deferred tax assets and liabilities or retrospectively to all periods presented. As early adoption is permissible, the Company adopted this pronouncement beginning October 1, 2015 and applied this pronouncement retrospectively. In connection with adopting the pronouncement beginning October 1, 2015, the Company reclassified   $45.4 million   from current deferred income tax assets in the consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2015 to non-current deferred income tax liabilities. 
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,  Leases (ASC 842),  which will require that a lessee recognize assets and liabilities on the balance sheet for all leases with a lease term of more than twelve months, with the result being the recognition of a right of use asset and a lease liability.  The guidance is effective for the Company for annual reporting periods, including interim periods therein, beginning October 1, 2019, with early adoption permitted.  The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting this standard on its consolidated financial statements. 
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,  Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting.  The guidance requires the recognition of the income tax effects of awards in the income statement when the awards vest or are settled, thus eliminating additional paid in capital pools. The guidance also allows for the employer to repurchase more of an employee s shares for tax withholding purposes without triggering liability accounting. In addition, the guidance allows for a policy election to account for forfeitures as they occur rather than on an estimated basis. ASU 2016-09 was effective for the Company for annual reporting periods, including interim periods therein, beginning October 1, 2017, with early adoption permitted. As early adoption is permissible, the Company adopted this standard in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016. Changes have been applied prospectively in accordance with the standard and prior periods have not been adjusted. In addition, the Company continued to account for forfeitures on an estimated basis. Refer to Note 13,  Income Taxes  for additional information. 
  In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13,  Financial Instruments - Credit Losses: Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments (ASU 2016-13),  which changes the impairment model for most financial assets. The new model uses a forward-looking expected loss method, which will generally result in earlier recognition of allowances for losses. ASU 2016-13 is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2019 and early adoption is permitted for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2018. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting this standard on its consolidated financial statements. 
   
  5.    EARNINGS PER SHARE (TWO-CLASS METHOD) 
  The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted earnings per share (in thousands, except per share data): 

F-12 

Table of Contents  

6.    SALES AND TRADE ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE 
  Sales   The Company s sales and receivables are concentrated in the aerospace industry. TransDigm s customers include: distributors of aerospace components; commercial airlines, large commercial transport and regional and business aircraft OEMs; various armed forces of the United States and friendly foreign governments; defense OEMs; system suppliers; and various other industrial customers. 
  Two customers accounted for approximately   13%  ,   11%   and   8%   and   12%  ,   12%   and   12%   of the Company s net sales for fiscal years ended   2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , respectively. Sales to these customers were split approximately evenly between the Power   Control and Airframe segments. Sales to foreign customers, primarily in Western Europe, Canada and Asia, were   $1,169.5 million  ,   $881.1 million   and   $735.9 million   during fiscal years ended   2016  ,   2015   and   2014  . 
  Trade Accounts Receivable   Trade accounts receivable consist of the following at September 30 (in thousands): 

At   September 30, 2016  , approximately   13%   of the Company s trade accounts receivable was due from   one   customer. In addition, approximately   43%   of the Company s trade accounts receivable was due from entities that principally operate outside of the United States. Credit is extended based on an evaluation of each customer s financial condition and collateral is generally not required. 
   
  7.    INVENTORIES 
  Inventories consist of the following at September 30 (in thousands): 

8.    PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT 
  Property, plant and equipment consist of the following at September 30 (in thousands): 

F-13 

Table of Contents  

9.    INTANGIBLE ASSETS 
  Other intangible assets - net in the consolidated balance sheets consist of the following at September 30 (in thousands): 

Information regarding the amortization expense of amortizable intangible assets is detailed below (in thousands): 
  Aggregate Amortization Expense:   

Estimated Amortization Expense: 

Intangible assets acquired during the year ended   September 30, 2016   were as follows (in thousands): 

F-14 

     Table of Contents  

The changes in the carrying amount of goodwill by segment for the fiscal years ended   September 30, 2015   and   2016   were as follows (in thousands): 

10.    ACCRUED LIABILITIES 
  Accrued liabilities consist of the following at September 30 (in thousands): 

11.    DEBT 
  The Company s debt consists of the following at September 30 (in thousands): 

F-15 

     Table of Contents  

Trade Receivable Securitization Facility 
  During fiscal 2014, the Company established a trade receivable securitization facility (the  Securitization Facility ). The Securitization Facility effectively increases the Company s borrowing capacity depending on the amount of trade accounts receivable. The Securitization Facility includes the right for the Company to exercise annual   one year   extensions as long as there have been no termination events as defined by the agreement. The Company uses the proceeds from the Securitization Facility as an alternative to other forms of debt, effectively reducing borrowing costs. In August 2016, the Company amended the Securitization Facility to extend the maturity date to August 1, 2017. The borrowing capacity remains at   $250 million   and as of   September 30, 2016  , the Company has borrowed   $200 million   under the Securitization Facility. The Securitization Facility is collateralized by substantially all of the Company s domestic operations  trade accounts receivable. 
  Term Loans 
  As of   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , TransDigm had   $5,288.7 million   and   $4,382.8 million   in fully drawn term loans and   $600.0 million   in revolving commitments.  The term loans consist of four tranches as follows (in millions):  

The interest rates per annum applicable to all of the existing tranches of term loans are, at TransDigm s option, equal to either an alternate base rate or an adjusted LIBO rate for one, two, three or six-month (or to the extent agreed to by each relevant lender, nine or twelve-month) interest periods chosen by TransDigm, in each case plus an applicable margin percentage. The adjusted LIBO rate is subject to a floor of   0.75%  .  At   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , the applicable interest rates were as follows: 

Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 
  On June 4, 2014, TransDigm Inc. amended and restated its existing credit agreement by entering into a Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the  Credit Agreement ). The term loans under the Credit Agreement (the  2014 Term Loans ) consisted of   three   tranches of term loans, all of which were fully drawn Tranche B Term Loans (  $500 million  ), Tranche C Term Loans (  $2,600 million  ) and the Tranche D Term Loans (  $825 million  ). The revolving credit facility consisted of one  
  
   F-16 

     Table of Contents  

tranche Revolving B Commitments (capacity up to   $420 million  , of which   $100 million   were multi-currency revolving commitments). The Tranche B Term Loans and Revolving B Commitments were refinanced in May 2015. The May 2015 financing is detailed in the  2015 Incremental Assumption and Refinancing Facility Agreement  section below. Approximately   $790 million   of existing Tranche C term loans were refinanced in June 2016 in connection with the incurrence of Tranche F Term Loans.  The June 2016 financing is detailed in the  2016 Amendment to the Credit Agreement  section below. Pursuant to the June 2016 financing, aggregate quarterly principal payments of   $13.3 million   on the term loans are required, which began on   June 30, 2016  . Prior to the June 2016 financing, commencing on   June 30, 2015  , aggregate quarterly principal payments of   $7.3 million   were required.     
  Under the terms of the Credit Agreement, TransDigm is entitled on one or more occasions, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, to request additional commitments under the revolving credit facility or additional term loans in the aggregate principal amount of up to   $1,000 million   to the extent that existing or new lenders agree to provide such additional term loans.  
  2015 Incremental Assumption and Refinancing Facility Agreement 
  On May 14, 2015, TransDigm Inc., TD Group and certain subsidiaries of TransDigm entered into an Incremental Assumption and Refinancing Facility Agreement with Credit Suisse AG, as administrative agent and collateral agent, and the other agents and lenders named therein. Pursuant to the Incremental Assumption and Refinancing Facility Agreement, TransDigm, among other things, incurred new tranche E term loans under the Credit Agreement in an aggregate principal amount equal to   $1,000 million   and refinanced the existing Tranche B Term Loans in an aggregate principal amount equal to   $498 million   into additional Tranche E Term Loans (collectively, the  Tranche E Term Loans ). The terms and conditions (other than maturity date) that apply to the Tranche E Term Loans, including pricing, are substantially the same as the terms and conditions that apply to the Tranche B Term Loans immediately prior to the Incremental Assumption and Refinancing Facility Agreement. At   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , the unamortized original issue discount on the Tranche E Term Loans was   $4.7 million   and   $5.4 million  .  
  2016 Amendment to the Credit Agreement  
  On June 9, 2016, TransDigm Inc., TD Group and certain subsidiaries of TransDigm entered into Amendment No. 1 to the Credit Agreement ( Amendment to the Credit Agreement ) with Credit Suisse AG, as administrative agent and collateral agent, and the other agents and lenders named therein. Pursuant to the Amendment to the Credit Agreement, TransDigm, among other things, incurred new tranche F term loans (the  New Tranche F Term Loans ) in an aggregate principal amount equal to   $500 million  , received commitments in respect of delayed draw tranche F term loans (the  Delayed Draw Tranche F Term Loans ) in an aggregate amount equal to   $450 million  , converted approximately   $790 million   of existing Tranche C Term Loans into additional tranche F term loans (the  Converted Tranche F Term Loans  and together with the New Tranche F Term Loans and the Delayed Draw Tranche F Term Loans, the  Tranche F Term Loans ) and increased the margin applicable to the existing Tranche E Term Loans to LIBO rate plus   3.0%   per annum. The New Tranche F Term Loans and the Converted Tranche F Term Loans were fully drawn on June 9, 2016. Borrowing under the Delayed Draw Tranche F Term Loans was contingent upon the completion of the acquisition of Data Device Corporation, which was completed on June 23, 2016, and the Delayed Draw Tranche F Term Loans were fully drawn thereafter. The Tranche F Term Loans mature on   June 9, 2023  . The terms and conditions (other than maturity date) that apply to the Tranche F Term Loans, including pricing, are substantially the same as the terms and conditions that apply to the Tranche C Term Loans immediately prior to the Amendment to the Credit Agreement.  The Tranche F Term Loans require quarterly principal payments of   $4.4 million  , which began on   September 30, 2016  .  At   September 30, 2016  , the unamortized original issue discount on the Tranche F Term Loans was   $6.8 million  . 
  Under the terms of the Amendment to the Credit Agreement, certain existing revolving lenders increased the revolving commitments in an aggregate principal amount of   $50 million   (the  Extended Revolving Commitments ). The terms and conditions that apply to the Extended Revolving Commitments are the same as those of the existing US Dollar revolving credit commitments under the Credit Agreement. The Extended Revolving Commitments and existing revolving commitments consist of two tranches, of which approximately   $53 million   matures on February 28, 2018 and approximately   $547 million   matures on February 28, 2020. At   September 30, 2016  , the Company had   $17 million   letters of credit outstanding and   $583 million   of borrowings available in the aggregate under revolving commitments pursuant to the Credit Agreement, as amended. 
  Pursuant to the Amendment to the Credit Agreement and subject to certain conditions, TransDigm may make certain additional restricted payments, including to declare or pay dividends or repurchase stock, in an aggregate amount not to exceed   $1,500 million   on or prior to December 31, 2016.  Subsequent to December 31, 2016, the aggregate amount of restricted payments remaining, not to exceed   $500 million  , may be made solely to the extent that the proceeds are used to repurchase stock. 
  On October 14, 2016, the Company announced that TD Group s Board of Directors authorized and declared a special cash dividend of   $24.00   on each outstanding share of common stock and cash dividend equivalent payments on options granted under its stock option plans. The record date for the special dividend was October 24, 2016, and the payment date for the  
  
   F-17 

     Table of Contents  

dividend was November 1, 2016.  The total cash payment related to the special dividend and dividend equivalent payments in the first quarter of fiscal 2017 will be approximately   $1,400 million  .  Refer to Note 23,  Subsequent Events,  for further details. 
  All of the indebtedness outstanding under the Credit Agreement is guaranteed by TD Group and all of TransDigm s current and future domestic restricted subsidiaries (other than immaterial subsidiaries). In addition, the obligations of TransDigm and the guarantors under the Credit Agreement, as amended, are secured ratably in accordance with each lender s respective revolving and term loan commitments by a first priority security interest in substantially all of the existing and future property and assets, including inventory, equipment, general intangibles, intellectual property, investment property and other personal property (but excluding leasehold interests and certain other assets) of TransDigm and its existing and future domestic restricted subsidiaries (other than immaterial subsidiaries), and a first priority pledge of the capital stock of TransDigm and its subsidiaries (other than foreign subsidiaries and certain domestic subsidiaries, of which   65%   of the voting capital stock is pledged). 
  The term loans require mandatory prepayments of principal based on certain percentages of Excess Cash Flow (as defined in the Credit Agreement), commencing   90 days   after the end of each fiscal year, subject to certain exceptions. In addition, subject to certain exceptions (including, with respect to asset sales, the reinvestment in productive assets), TransDigm will be required to prepay the loans outstanding under the term loan facility at   100%   of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest, with the net cash proceeds of certain asset sales and issuance or incurrence of certain indebtedness. No prepayments were required during fiscal 2016. 
  The Credit Agreement contains certain covenants that limit the ability of TD Group, TransDigm and TransDigm s restricted subsidiaries to, among other things: (i) incur or guarantee additional indebtedness or issue preferred stock; (ii) pay distributions on, redeem or repurchase capital stock or redeem or repurchase subordinated debt; (iii) make investments; (iv) sell assets; (v) enter into agreements that restrict distributions or other payments from restricted subsidiaries to TransDigm; (vi) incur or suffer to exist liens securing indebtedness; (vii) consolidate, merge or transfer all or substantially all of their assets; and (viii) engage in transactions with affiliates. 
  In addition, under the Credit Agreement, if the usage of the revolving credit facility exceeds   25%   of the total revolving commitments, the Company will be required to maintain a maximum consolidated net leverage ratio of net debt, as defined, to trailing four-quarter EBITDA As Defined. A breach of any of the covenants or an inability to comply with the required leverage ratio could result in a default under the Credit Agreement or the Company s Indentures for its senior subordinated notes.  
  If any such default occurs, the lenders under the Credit Agreement and the holders of the senior subordinated notes may elect to declare all outstanding borrowings, together with accrued interest and other amounts payable thereunder, to be immediately due and payable. The lenders under the Credit Agreement also have the right in these circumstances to terminate any commitments they have to provide further borrowings. In addition, following an event of default under the Credit Agreement, the lenders thereunder will have the right to proceed against the collateral granted to them to secure the debt, which includes our available cash, and they will also have the right to prevent us from making debt service payments on the senior subordinated notes. 
  Under the terms of the Credit Agreement, TransDigm is entitled, on one or more occasions, to request additional revolving commitments, additional term loans or a combination thereof, to the extent that the existing or new lenders agree to provide such additional commitments provided that, among other conditions, our consolidated net leverage ratio would be no greater than   7.25   to   1.00   and the consolidated secured net debt ratio would be no greater than   4.25   to   1.00  , in each case, after giving effect to such additional revolving commitments or additional term loans. 
  Debt Issuance Costs, Premiums and Discounts 
  During the year ended   September 30, 2016  , the Company recorded refinancing costs of   $15.8 million   representing debt issuance costs expensed in conjunction with the refinancing of the Tranche C Term Loans. During the year ended   September 30, 2015   the Company recorded refinancing costs of   $18.4 million   representing debt issuance costs expensed in conjunction with the refinancing of the Tranche B Term Loans and Revolving B Commitments.  During the year ended   September 30, 2014   the Company recorded refinancing costs of   $131.6 million   representing debt issuance costs expensed in conjunction with the repurchase of the 7.75% Senior Subordinated Notes issued December 2010 (the  2018 Notes ).  The charge consisted of the premium of   $121.1 million   paid to redeem the 2018 Notes and the write-off of debt issuance costs of   $10.5 million  . 
  Interest Rate Swap and Cap Agreements 
  See Note 20,  Derivatives and Hedging Instruments  for information about how our interest rate swap and cap agreements are used to manage interest rate risk associated with floating-rate borrowings under our credit facilities. 
  
   F-18 

     Table of Contents  

Senior Subordinated Notes 
  On October 15, 2012, TransDigm Inc. issued   $550 million   in aggregate principal amount of its 2020 Notes at an issue price of   100%   of the principal amount. The 2020 Notes bear interest at the rate of   5.50%   per annum, which accrues from October 15, 2012 and is payable   semiannually on April 15 and October 15 of each year  . The 2020 Notes mature on   October 15, 2020  , unless earlier redeemed or repurchased, and are subject to the terms and conditions as defined in the indenture governing the 2020 Notes. 
  On July 1, 2013, TransDigm issued   $500 million   in aggregate principal amount of its 2021 Notes at an issue price of   100%   of the principal amount. The 2021 Notes bear interest at the rate of   7.50%   per annum, which accrues from July 1, 2013 and is payable   semiannually on January 15 and July 15 of each year, commencing on January 15, 2014  . The 2021 Notes mature on   July 15, 2021  , unless earlier redeemed or repurchased, and are subject to the terms and conditions as defined in the indenture governing the 2021 Notes. On October 13, 2016, the Company announced the commencement of a cash tender offer for any and all of its outstanding 2021 Notes. Refer to Note 23,  Subsequent Events,  for further details. 
  On June 4, 2014, TransDigm Inc. issued   $2,350 million   in aggregate principal amount of Senior Subordinated Notes, consisting of   $1,150 million   aggregate principal amount of the 2022 Notes and   $1,200 million   aggregate principal amount of the 2024 Notes at an issue price of   100%   of the principal amount for both notes. The 2022 Notes bear interest at the rate of    6.00%   per annum, which accrues from June 4, 2014 and is payable   semiannually in arrears on January 15 and July 15 of each year, commencing on January 15, 2015  . The 2022 Notes mature on   July 15, 2022  , unless earlier redeemed or repurchased, and are subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the indenture governing the 2022 Notes. The 2024 Notes bear interest at the rate of   6.50%   per annum, which accrues from June 4, 2014 and is payable   semiannually in arrears on January 15 and July 15 of each year, commencing on January 15, 2015.   The 2024 Notes mature on   July 15, 2024  , unless earlier redeemed or repurchased, and are subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the indenture governing the 2024 Notes. 
  On May 14, 2015, TransDigm Inc. issued   $450 million   in aggregate principal amount of its 2025 Notes at an issue price of   100%   of the principal amount. The 2025 Notes bear interest at the rate of   6.50%   per annum, which accrues from May 14, 2015 and is payable   semiannually in arrears on May 15 and November 15 of each year, commencing on November 15, 2015  . The 2025 Notes mature on   May 15, 2025  , unless earlier redeemed or repurchased, and are subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the indenture governing the 2025 Notes. 
  On June 9, 2016, TransDigm Inc. issued   $950 million   in aggregate principal amount of its 2026 Notes at an issue price of   100%   of the principal amount. The 2026 Notes bear interest at the rate of   6.375%   per annum, which accrues from June 9, 2016 and is payable   semiannually in arrears on June 15 and December 15 of each year, commencing on December 15, 2016  . The 2026 Notes mature on   June 15, 2026  , unless earlier redeemed or repurchased, and are subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the indentures governing the 2026 Notes. 
  The Notes are subordinated to all of TransDigm s existing and future senior debt, rank equally with all of its existing and future senior subordinated debt and rank senior to all of its future debt that is expressly subordinated to the Notes. The Notes are guaranteed on a senior subordinated unsecured basis by TD Group and its   100%  -owned domestic subsidiaries named in the indentures. The guarantees of the Notes are subordinated to all of the guarantors  existing and future senior debt, rank equally with all of their existing and future senior subordinated debt and rank senior to all of their future debt that is expressly subordinated to the guarantees of the Notes. The Notes are structurally subordinated to all of the liabilities of TD Group s non-guarantor subsidiaries. The Notes contain many of the restrictive covenants included in the 2014 Term Loans. TransDigm is in compliance with all the covenants contained in the Notes. 
  At   September 30, 2016  , future maturities of long-term debt are as follows (in thousands): 

(1) On October 14, 2016, the Company entered into an Incremental Term Loan Assumption Agreement in which part of the proceeds will be used to repurchase its 2021 Notes in the first quarter of fiscal 2017. Refer to Note 23,  Subsequent Events  to our consolidated financial statements included herein for further details. 

F-19 

Table of Contents  

12.    RETIREMENT PLANS 
  Defined Contribution Plans     The Company sponsors certain defined contribution employee savings plans that cover substantially all of the Company s non-union employees. Under certain plans, the Company contributes a percentage of employee compensation and matches a portion of employee contributions. The cost recognized for such contributions for the years ended   September 30, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014   was approximately   $12.7 million  ,   $9.9 million   and   $8.7 million  , respectively. 
  Defined Benefit Pension Plans     The Company maintains certain non-contributory defined benefit pension plans. The Company s funding policy is to contribute actuarially determined amounts allowable under tax and statutory regulations for the qualified plans. The Company uses a September 30th measurement date for its defined benefit pension plans. 
  The Company maintains certain qualified, non-contributory defined benefit pension plans, which together cover certain union employees.   The plans provide benefits of stated amounts for each year of service. The plan assets as of   September 30, 2016   and   2015   were approximately   $67.0 million   and   $65.5 million  , respectively. The Company s projected benefit obligation for these defined benefit pension plans at   September 30, 2016   and   2015   was   $100.6 million   and   $81.5 million  , respectively. The total liability recognized at   September 30, 2016   and   2015   was   $33.6 million   and   $16.0 million  , respectively. The increase in the total liability at September 30, 2016 compared to September 30, 2015 is primarily attributable to the change in pension assumptions, particularly a lower discount rate and expected rate of return on assets, for the AmSafe Bridport Limited pension plan.  
  The net periodic pension cost recognized in the consolidated statements of income for the years ended   September 30, 2016  ,   2015  , and   2014   was   $1.0 million  ,   $0.6 million  , and   $0.5 million  , respectively. 
  The Company has a non-qualified, non-contributory defined benefit pension plan, which covers certain retired employees. The plan is unfunded and provides defined benefits based on the final average salary of the employees as defined in the plan. The projected benefit obligation for this defined benefit pension plan and the total liability recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheet at   September 30, 2016   and   2015   was approximately   $8.6 million   and   $8.4 million  , respectively. The net periodic pension cost recognized in the consolidated statements of income for each of the years ended   September 30, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014   was   $0.4 million  . 
   
  13.    INCOME TAXES 
  The Company s income tax provision on income before income taxes consists of the following for the periods shown below (in thousands): 

The differences between the income tax provision on income before income taxes at the federal statutory income tax rate and the tax provision shown in the accompanying consolidated statements of income for the periods shown below are as follows (in thousands): 

F-20 

     Table of Contents  

The components of the deferred taxes consist of the following at September 30 (in thousands): 

At   September 30, 2016  , the Company has United Kingdom net operating loss carryforwards of approximately   $22.9 million   and state net operating loss carryforwards of approximately   $630.2 million   that expire in various years from   2016   to   2033  . A valuation allowance has been established equal to the amount of the net operating losses that the Company believes will not be utilized. The Company had state tax credit carryforwards of   $2.6 million   that expire from   2023 to 2029  .  
  The Company and its subsidiaries file income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and various state and local jurisdictions, as well as foreign jurisdictions located in Belgium, Canada, China, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Hungary, Malaysia, Mexico, Norway, Singapore, Sri Lanka, Sweden and the United Kingdom. The Company is no longer subject to U.S. federal examinations for years before fiscal 2013. The Company is currently under examination in the U.S. for its fiscal 2014 federal taxes and in Belgium for its fiscal 2013 and 2014 years. The Company expects the examinations to be completed during fiscal 2017. In addition, the Company is subject to state income tax examinations for fiscal years 2009 and later. 
  The cumulative amount of the Company s foreign undistributed net earnings for which no deferred taxes have been provided is approximately   $79.1 million   at   September 30, 2016  . The Company has no plans to repatriate such earnings in the foreseeable future. 
  A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits is as follows (in thousands): 

Unrecognized tax benefits at   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , the recognition of which would have an effect on the effective tax rate for each fiscal year, amounted to   $8.5 million   and   $6.5 million  , respectively. The Company classifies all income tax related interest and penalties as income tax expense, which were not significant for the years ended September 30,   2016  ,   2015   and   2014  . As of   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , the Company accrued   $1.1 million   and   $1.4 million  , respectively, for the potential payment of interest and penalties. The Company anticipates no significant changes to its total unrecognized tax benefits through fiscal   2016  . 
  
   F-21 

     Table of Contents  

As disclosed in Note 4,  Recent Accounting Pronouncements,  during the fourth quarter of 2016, the Company adopted ASU No. 2016-09  Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting.  Therefore, effective October 1, 2015, excess tax benefits for share-based payments are recognized in the income tax provision rather than in additional paid-in capital. The impact on the Company s financial statements for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 is summarized below:  

14.    ENVIRONMENTAL LIABILITIES 
  Our operations and facilities are subject to a number of federal, state, local and foreign environmental laws and regulations that govern, among other things, discharges of pollutants into the air and water, the generation, handling, storage and disposal of hazardous materials and wastes, the remediation of contamination and the health and safety of our employees. Environmental laws and regulations may require that the Company investigate and remediate the effects of the release or disposal of materials at sites associated with past and present operations. Certain facilities and third-party sites utilized by the Company have been identified as potentially responsible parties under the federal superfund laws and comparable state laws. The Company is currently involved in the investigation and remediation of a number of sites under applicable laws. 
  Estimates of the Company s environmental liabilities are based on current facts, laws, regulations and technology. These estimates take into consideration the Company s prior experience and professional judgment of the Company s environmental advisors. Estimates of the Company s environmental liabilities are further subject to uncertainties regarding the nature and extent of site contamination, the range of remediation alternatives available, evolving remediation standards, imprecise engineering evaluations and cost estimates, the extent of corrective actions that may be required and the number and financial condition of other potentially responsible parties, as well as the extent of their responsibility for the remediation. 
  Accordingly, as investigation and remediation proceed, it is likely that adjustments in the Company s accruals will be necessary to reflect new information. The amounts of any such adjustments could have a material adverse effect on the Company s results of operations or cash flows in a given period. Based on currently available information, however, the Company does not believe that future environmental costs in excess of those accrued with respect to sites for which the Company has been identified as a potentially responsible party are likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition. 
  Environmental liabilities are recorded when the liability is probable and the costs are reasonably estimable, which generally is not later than at completion of a feasibility study or when the Company has recommended a remedy or has committed to an appropriate plan of action. The Company also takes into consideration the estimated period of time in which payments will be required.  The liabilities are reviewed periodically and, as investigation and remediation proceed, adjustments are made as necessary. Liabilities for losses from environmental remediation obligations do not consider the effects of inflation and anticipated expenditures are not discounted to their present value. The liabilities are not reduced by possible recoveries from insurance carriers or other third parties, but do reflect anticipated allocations among potentially responsible parties at federal superfund sites or similar state-managed sites, third party indemnity obligations, and an assessment of the likelihood that such parties will fulfill their obligations at such sites. 
  The Company s consolidated balance sheet includes environmental remediation obligations at   September 30, 2016   and   2015   of   $46.1 million   and   $21.9 million  , respectively.  The increase in the environmental remediation obligations compared to September 30, 2015 is attributable to the environmental obligations assumed in the Breeze-Eastern acquisition as disclosed in Note 2,  Acquisitions.  
   
  15.    CAPITAL STOCK 
  Authorized capital stock of TD Group consists of   224,400,000   shares of   $.01   par value common stock and   149,600,000   shares of   $.01   par value preferred stock. The total number of shares of common stock issued at   September 30, 2016   and   2015   was   55,767,767   and   55,100,094  , respectively. The total number of shares held in treasury at September 30, 2016 and 2015 were   2,433,035   and   1,415,100  , respectively.  There were   no   shares of preferred stock outstanding at   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . The terms of the preferred stock have not been established. 
  On October 22, 2014, our Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program permitting us to repurchase a portion of our outstanding shares not to exceed   $300 million   in the aggregate. During fiscal 2016, until the   $300 million   program was replaced on January 21, 2016, the Company had repurchased   452,187   shares of its common stock at a gross cost of approximately   $98.7   million at the weighted-average price per share of   $218.23  .  
  
   F-22 

     Table of Contents  

On January 21, 2016, our Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program replacing the   $300 million   program with a repurchase program permitting us to repurchase a portion of our outstanding shares not to exceed   $450 million   in the aggregate. For the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2016  , the Company had repurchased   563,200   shares of its common stock at a gross cost of approximately   $109.1 million   at the weighted-average price per share of   $193.67   under the   $450 million   stock repurchase program.  
   
  16.    SEGMENTS 
  The Company s businesses are organized and managed in   three   reporting segments: Power   Control, Airframe and Non-aviation. 
  The Power   Control segment includes operations that primarily develop, produce and market systems and components that predominately provide power to or control power of the aircraft utilizing electronic, fluid, power and mechanical motion control technologies. Major product offerings include mechanical/electro-mechanical actuators and controls, ignition systems and engine technology, specialized pumps and valves, power conditioning devices, specialized AC/DC electric motors and generators, databus and power controls, high performance hoists, winches and lifting devices and cargo loading and handling systems. Primary customers of this segment are engine and power system and subsystem suppliers, airlines, third party maintenance suppliers, military buying agencies and repair depots. Products are sold in the original equipment and aftermarket market channels. 
  The Airframe segment includes operations that primarily develop, produce and market systems and components that are used in non-power airframe applications utilizing airframe and cabin structure technologies. Major product offerings include engineered latching and locking devices, rods and locking devices, engineered connectors and elastomers, cockpit security components and systems, aircraft audio systems, specialized lavatory components, seat belts and safety restraints, engineered interior surfaces and related components, lighting and control technology, military personnel parachutes and cargo delivery systems. Primary customers of this segment are airframe manufacturers and cabin system suppliers and subsystem suppliers, airlines, third party maintenance suppliers, military buying agencies and repair depots. Products are sold in the original equipment and aftermarket market channels. 
  The Non-aviation segment includes operations that primarily develop, produce and market products for non-aviation markets. Major product offerings include seat belts and safety restraints for ground transportation applications, mechanical/electro-mechanical actuators and controls for space applications, and refueling systems for heavy equipment used in mining, construction and other industries. Primary customers of this segment are off-road vehicle suppliers and subsystem suppliers, child restraint system suppliers, satellite and space system suppliers and manufacturers of heavy equipment used in mining, construction and other industries. 
  The primary measurement used by management to review and assess the operating performance of each segment is EBITDA As Defined. The Company defines EBITDA As Defined as earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization plus certain non-operating items recorded as corporate expenses including refinancing costs, acquisition-related costs, transaction-related costs and non-cash compensation charges incurred in connection with the Company s stock option plans.  Acquisition-related costs represent accounting adjustments to inventory associated with acquisitions of businesses and product lines that were charged to cost of sales when the inventory was sold; costs incurred to integrate acquired businesses and product lines into the Company s operations, facility relocation costs and other acquisition-related costs; transaction related costs comprising deal fees; legal, financial and tax diligence expenses and valuation costs that are required to be expensed as incurred and other acquisition accounting adjustments. 
  EBITDA As Defined is not a measurement of financial performance under GAAP. Although the Company uses EBITDA As Defined to assess the performance of its business and for various other purposes, the use of this non-GAAP financial measure as an analytical tool has limitations, and it should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of the Company s results of operations as reported in accordance with GAAP. 
  The Company s segments are reported on the same basis used internally for evaluating performance and for allocating resources. The accounting policies for each segment are the same as those described in the summary of significant accounting policies in the Company s consolidated financial statements. Intersegment sales and transfers are recorded at values based on market prices, which creates intercompany profit on intersegment sales or transfers that is eliminated in consolidation. Intersegment sales were insignificant for the periods presented below. Certain corporate-level expenses are allocated to the operating segments. 
  
   F-23 

     Table of Contents  

The following table presents net sales by reportable segment (in thousands): 

The following table reconciles EBITDA As Defined by segment to consolidated income before income taxes (in thousands): 

The following table presents capital expenditures and depreciation and amortization by segment (in thousands): 

F-24 

     Table of Contents  

The following table presents total assets by segment (in thousands): 

The Company s sales principally originate from the United States, and the Company s long-lived assets are principally located in the United States. 
   
  17.    STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION 
  The Company s stock compensation plans are designed to assist the Company in attracting, retaining, motivating and rewarding key employees, directors or consultants, and promoting the creation of long-term value for stockholders by closely aligning the interests of these individuals with those of the Company s stockholders. The Company s stock compensation plans provide for the granting of stock options, restricted stock and other stock-based incentives. 
  Non-cash stock compensation expense recognized by the Company during the years ended   September 30, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014   was   $48.3 million  ,   $31.5 million   and   $26.3 million  , respectively. 
  During the year ended September 30, 2014, the Company recorded additional stock compensation expense of   $6.4 million   representing costs that would have been recognized over the remaining requisite service period of the award for options granted in fiscal 2012 that became fully vested under the market sweep provision, as discussed further below.  
  The weighted-average grant date fair value of options granted during the fiscal years ended   September 30, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014   was   $57.47  ,   $65.57   and   $57.53  , respectively. 
  Compensation expense is recognized based upon probability assessments of awards that are expected to vest in future periods. Such probability assessments are subject to revision and, therefore, unrecognized compensation expense is subject to future changes in estimate. As of   September 30, 2016  , there was approximately   $52.2 million   of total unrecognized compensation expense related to non-vested awards expected to vest, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of   2.6 years  . 
  The fair value of the Company s employee stock options was estimated at the date of grant using a Black-Scholes-Merton option-pricing model with the following weighted average assumptions for all options granted during the fiscal years ended: 

The risk-free interest rate is based upon the Treasury bond rates as of the grant date. The average expected life of stock-based awards is based on the Company s actual historical exercise experience. Expected volatility of stock was calculated using a rate based upon the historical volatility of both TransDigm s common stock and the stock of publicly traded companies in the Company s peer group in the aerospace industry. Notwithstanding the special cash dividends declared and paid in June 2014 and November 2016, the Company historically has not declared and paid regular cash dividends and does not anticipate declaring and paying regular cash dividends in future periods; thus, no dividend rate assumption is used. 
  The total fair value of options vested during fiscal years ended   September 30, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014   was   $36.6 million  ,   $14.9 million   and   $23.6 million  , respectively. 
  2014 Stock Option Plan 
  In July 2014, the Board of Directors of TD Group adopted a new stock option plan, which was subsequently approved by stockholders on October 2, 2014. The 2014 stock option plan permits TD Group to award our key employees, directors or consultants stock options. The total number of shares of TD Group common stock reserved for issuance or delivery under the  
  
   F-25 

     Table of Contents  

2014 stock option plan is   5,000,000  , subject to adjustment in the event of any stock dividend or split, reorganization, recapitalization, merger, share exchange or any other similar corporate transaction or event.  
  Performance Vested Stock Options   All of the options granted through   September 30, 2016   under the 2014 stock option plan have been pursuant to an equity incentive program adopted by the Company in 2008. Under the 2008 equity incentive program, all of the options granted will vest based on the Company s achievement of established operating performance goals. The following table summarizes the activity, pricing and other information for the Company s performance vested stock-based award activity during the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2016  : 

At   September 30, 2016  , there were   4,852,065   remaining shares available for award under TD Group s 2014 stock option plan. 
  2006 Stock Incentive Plan 
  In conjunction with the consummation of the Company s initial public offering, a 2006 stock incentive plan was adopted by TD Group. In July 2008 and March 2011, the plan was amended to increase the number of shares available for issuance thereunder. TD Group has reserved   8,119,668   shares of its common stock for issuance to key employees, directors or consultants under the plan. Awards under the plan may be in the form of options, restricted stock or other stock-based awards. Options granted under the plan will expire no later than the tenth anniversary of the applicable date of grant of the options, and will have an exercise price of not less than the fair market value of our common stock on the date of grant. Restricted stock granted under the plan vests over   three years  . 
  In connection with the   $12.85   per share special cash dividend paid in November 2012, in order to take into account the earlier return of capital, the TD Group compensation committee adjusted the market-based vesting features in outstanding options pursuant to the authority granted to the committee under the TD Group stock incentive plan. Under this  market sweep  provision, unvested options granted prior to October 1, 2011 would accelerate and become fully vested if the closing price of the Company s common stock exceeded   $147.15   per share (originally   $160   per share) on any   60   trading days during any consecutive 12-month period commencing March 1, 2013. 
  In addition, in connection with the   $12.85   per share special cash dividend paid in November 2012 and the   $22.00   per share special cash dividend paid in July 2013, in order to take into account the earlier return of capital, the TD Group compensation committee adjusted the market-based vesting features in outstanding options pursuant to the authority granted to the committee under the TD Group stock incentive plan. Under this  market sweep  provision, unvested options granted in fiscal 2012 would accelerate and become fully vested if the closing price of the Company s common stock exceeded   $135.15   per share (originally   $170   per share) on any   60   trading days during any consecutive 12-month period commencing two years from the date of grant. Options granted since fiscal 2012 do not contain such accelerated vesting provision. 
  The Company also granted   17,700   restricted stock units with a weighted-average grant date fair value of   $189.97   during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2015. During the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2016  ,   5,900   restricted stock units vested, and   11,800   restricted stock units were outstanding at   September 30, 2016  . 
  Performance Vested Stock Options   All of the options granted through   September 30, 2016   under the 2006 stock incentive plan have been pursuant to an equity incentive program adopted by the Company in 2008. Under the 2008 equity incentive program, all of the options granted will vest based on the Company s achievement of established operating performance goals. The following table summarizes the activity, pricing and other information for the Company s performance vested stock-based award activity during the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2016  : 
  
   F-26 

     Table of Contents  

The 2006 stock incentive plan expired on March 14, 2016 and no further shares were granted under the plan thereafter. 
  2003 Stock Option Plan 
  Certain executives and key employees of the Company were granted stock options under TD Group s 2003 stock option plan. Upon the closing of the acquisition of the Company by Warburg Pincus in 2003, certain employees rolled over certain then-existing options to purchase shares of common stock of TransDigm Holdings. These employees were granted rollover options to purchase an aggregate of   3,870,152   shares of common stock of   TD Group (after giving effect to the 149.60 for 1.00 stock split effected on March 14, 2006)  . All rollover options granted were fully vested on the date of grant. In addition to shares of common stock reserved for issuance upon the exercise of rollover options, an aggregate of   5,469,301   shares of TD Group s common stock were reserved for issuance upon the exercise of new management options. In general, approximately   20%   of all new management options vested based on employment service or a change in control. These time vested options had a graded vesting schedule of up to   four years  . Approximately   80%   of all new management options vested (i) based upon the satisfaction of specified performance criteria, which is annual and cumulative EBITDA As Defined targets through 2008, or (ii) upon the occurrence of a change in control if the Investor Group (defined as Warburg Pincus and the other initial investors in TD Group) received a minimum specified rate of return. Unless terminated earlier, the options expire   ten years   from the date of grant. 
  TD Group reserved a total of   9,339,453   shares of its common stock for issuance to the Company s employees under the plan, which had all been issued as of September 30, 2013. 
  Time Vested Stock Options   During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016,   5,486   of the Company s time vested stock-based options, with a weighted-average exercise price per option of   $39.88  , were exercised.  There are   no   remaining options outstanding as of September 30, 2016. 
  Performance Vested Stock Options   The following table summarizes the activity, pricing and other information for the Company s performance vested stock-based award activity during the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2016  : 

The total intrinsic value of time, performance and rollover options exercised during the fiscal years ended   September 30, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014   was   $133.2 million  ,   $206.9 million   and   $88.7 million  , respectively. 
  In addition to shares issued pursuant to options exercised, during the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2016  ,   964   shares of common stock were issued with a weighted-average grant date fair value of   $247.51   as payment to directors in lieu of cash. 
  Dividend Equivalent Plans 
  Pursuant to the Third Amended and Restated TransDigm Group Incorporated 2003 Stock Option Plan Dividend Equivalent Plan, the Second Amended and Restated TransDigm Group Incorporated 2006 Stock Incentive Plan Dividend Equivalent Plan and the 2014 Stock Option Plan Dividend Equivalent Plan, all of the options granted under the 2003 stock option plan, the 2006 stock incentive plan  and the 2014 stock option plan are entitled to certain dividend equivalent payments in the event of the declaration of a dividend by the Company. 
  
   F-27 

     Table of Contents  

Dividend equivalent payments on vested options (including those options that became fully vested under market sweep provisions thereof) were   $3.0 million  ,   $3.4 million   and   $126.6 million   during the years ended   September 30, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , respectively. In connection with the special dividend declared in October 2016, we will pay approximately   $100 million   in dividend equivalent payments in the first quarter of fiscal 2017. 
   
  18.    LEASES 
  TransDigm leases certain manufacturing facilities, offices, equipment and vehicles. Such leases, some of which are noncancelable and, in many cases, include renewals, expire at various dates.  Rental expense during the years ended September 30,   2016  ,   2015   and   2014   was   $18.3 million  ,   $14.0 million   and   $12.1 million  , respectively. 
  Future minimum rental commitments at   September 30, 2016   under operating leases having initial or remaining non-cancelable lease terms exceeding one year are   $14.5 million   in fiscal   2017  ,   $14.0 million   in fiscal   2018  ,   $11.6 million   in fiscal   2019  ,   $9.9 million   in fiscal   2020  ,   $10.8 million   in fiscal   2021  , and   $30.2 million   thereafter. 
   
  19.    FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS 
  The following tables present our assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis and are categorized using the fair value hierarchy. The fair value hierarchy has three levels based on the reliability of the inputs used to determine fair value. Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. Level 2 inputs are quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active, and inputs (other than quoted prices) that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly. Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability. A financial asset or liability s classification within the hierarchy is determined based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement. 
  The following summarizes the carrying amounts and fair values of financial instruments (in thousands): 

(1) 
    Included in other non-current assets on the consolidated balance sheet. 
              (2) 
    Included in accrued liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet. 
              (3) 
    Included in other non-current liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet. 
              (4) 
    The carrying amount of the debt instrument is presented net of the debt issuance costs in connection with the Company s adoption of ASU 2015-03.  Refer to Note 11,  Debt,  for gross carrying amounts. 
     The Company values its financial instruments using an industry standard market approach, in which prices and other relevant information is generated by market transactions involving identical or comparable assets or liabilities. No financial instruments were recognized using unobservable inputs. 
  
   F-28 

     Table of Contents  

Interest rate swaps were measured at fair value using quoted market prices for the swap interest rate indexes over the term of the swap discounted to present value versus the fixed rate of the contract. The interest rate caps were measured at fair value using implied volatility rates of each individual caplet and the yield curve for the related periods. The estimated fair value of the Company s term loans was based on information provided by the agent under the Company s senior secured credit facility. The estimated fair values of the Company s notes were based upon quoted market prices.  There has not been any impact to the fair value of derivative liabilities due to the Company s own credit risk. Similarly, there has not been any impact to the fair value of derivative assets based on the Company s evaluation of counterparties  credit risks. 
  The fair value of cash and cash equivalents, trade accounts receivable-net and accounts payable approximated book value due to the short-term nature of these instruments at September 30,   2016   and   2015  .  
   
  20.    DERIVATIVES AND HEDGING ACTIVITIES 
  The Company is exposed to, among other things, the impact of changes in interest rates in the normal course of business. The Company s risk management program is designed to manage the exposure and volatility arising from these risks, and utilizes derivative financial instruments to offset a portion of these risks. The Company uses derivative financial instruments only to the extent necessary to hedge identified business risks and does not enter into such transactions for trading purposes. The Company generally does not require collateral or other security with counterparties to these financial instruments and is therefore subject to credit risk in the event of nonperformance; however, the Company monitors credit risk and currently does not anticipate nonperformance by other parties. The Company has agreements with each of its swap and cap counterparties that contain a provision whereby if the Company defaults on the credit facility the Company could also be declared in default on its swaps and caps, resulting in an acceleration of payment under the swaps and caps. 
  Interest rate swap and cap agreements are used to manage interest rate risk associated with floating-rate borrowings under our credit facilities. The interest rate swap and cap agreements utilized by the Company effectively modify the Company s exposure to interest rate risk by converting a portion of the Company s floating-rate debt to a fixed rate basis through the expiration date of the interest rate swap and cap agreements, thereby reducing the impact of interest rate changes on future interest expense. These agreements involve the receipt of floating rate amounts in exchange for fixed rate interest payments over the term of the agreements without an exchange of the underlying principal amount. These derivative instruments that qualify as effective cash flow hedges under GAAP. For these cash flow hedges, the effective portion of the gain or loss from the financial instruments was initially reported as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) in stockholders  deficit and subsequently reclassified into earnings in the same line as the hedged item in the same period or periods during which the hedged item affected earnings. 
  The following table summarizes the Company s interest rate swap agreements: 

The following table summarizes the Company s interest rate cap agreements: 

In connection with the refinancing of the 2011 Term Loans, the Company no longer designated the interest rate swap agreements relating to the   $353 million   aggregate notional amount as cash flow hedges for accounting purposes. Accordingly, amounts previously recorded as a component of accumulated other comprehensive loss in stockholder s deficit amortized into earnings totaled   $3.2 million   and   $4.2 million   for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014.  There was no remaining amortization for these dedesignated swap agreements as of September 30, 2015. 
  Based on the fair value amounts of the interest rate swap and cap agreements determined as of   September 30, 2016  , the estimated net amount of existing gains and losses and caplet amortization expected to be reclassified into interest expense within the next twelve months is approximately   $33.9 million  . 
  
   F-29 

     Table of Contents  

Effective September 30, 2016, the Company redesignated the existing interest rate cap agreements based on the expected probable cash flows associated with the 2016 Term Loans and 2015 Term Loans in consideration of the Company s ability to select one month, two month, three month, or six month LIBO rate set forth in the Credit Agreement.  Accordingly, the amount recorded as a component of accumulated other comprehensive loss in stockholders  deficit related to these redesignated interest rate cap hedges of approximately   $14.6 million   as of September 30, 2016 will be amortized into earnings based on the remaining term of the related interest rate cap agreements. 
   
  21.    ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
  The following table presents the components of  Accumulated other comprehensive loss  ( AOCI ) in the consolidated balance sheet, net of taxes, for the years ended September 30,   2016  ,   2015   and   2014   (in thousands): 

(1) 
    This component of AOCI is included in interest expense (see Note 20,  Derivatives and Hedging Activities,  for additional details). 
        
  22.    QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA (UNAUDITED) 

F-30 

     Table of Contents  

(1) 
    The sum of the earnings per share for the four quarters in a year does not necessarily equal the total year earnings per share. 
              (2) 
    The Company s operating results include the results of operations of acquisitions from the effective date of each acquisition. See Note 2  Acquisitions,  for additional details. 
              (3) 
    The Company adopted ASU 2016-09,  Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting.  in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016. Therefore, effective October 1, 2015, quarterly net income and net earnings per share - basic and diluted were adjusted in accordance with ASU 2016-09 and prior periods have not been adjusted. Refer to Note 4,  Recent Accounting Pronouncements,  and Note 13,  Income Taxes  for additional information. 
      
  23.    SUBSEQUENT EVENTS 
  On October 14, 2016, the Company entered into an Incremental Term Loan Assumption Agreement (the  Assumption Agreement ) with Credit Suisse AG, as administrative agent and collateral agent, and as a lender, in connection with the 2016 Term Loans. The Assumption Agreement, among other things, provides for (i) additional tranche F term loans in an aggregate principal amount equal to   $650 million  , which were fully drawn on October 14, 2016 (the  Initial Additional Tranche F Term Loans ), and (ii) additional delayed draw tranche F term loans in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed   $500 million  , which were fully drawn on October 27, 2016 (the  Delayed Draw Additional Tranche F Term Loans , and together with the Initial Additional Tranche F Term Loans, the  Additional Tranche F Term Loans ), the proceeds of which will be used to repurchase its 2021 Notes in the first quarter of fiscal 2017.  The terms and conditions that apply to the Additional Tranche F Term Loans are substantially the same as the terms and conditions that apply to the Tranche F Term Loans under the 2016 Term Loans immediately prior to the Assumption Agreement. 
  On October 14, 2016, the Company announced that TD Group s Board of Directors authorized and declared a special cash dividend of   $24.00   on each outstanding share of common stock and cash dividend equivalent payments on options granted under its stock option plans. The record date for the special dividend was October 24, 2016, and the payment date for the dividend was November 1, 2016.  The total cash payment related to the special dividend and dividend equivalent payments in the first quarter of fiscal 2017 will be approximately   $1,400 million  . 
   
  24.    SUPPLEMENTAL GUARANTOR INFORMATION 
  TransDigm s 2020 Notes, 2021 Notes, 2022 Notes, 2024 Notes, 2025 Notes and 2026 Notes are jointly and severally guaranteed, on a senior subordinated basis, by TD Group and TransDigm Inc. s   100%   Domestic Restricted Subsidiaries, as defined in the Indentures. The following supplemental condensed consolidating financial information presents, in separate columns, the balance sheets of the Company as of   September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015   and its statements of income and cash flows for the fiscal years ended   September 30, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014   for (i) TransDigm Group on a parent only basis with its investment in subsidiaries recorded under the equity method, (ii) TransDigm Inc. including its directly owned operations and non-operating entities, (iii) the Subsidiary Guarantors on a combined basis, (iv) Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries and (v) the Company on a consolidated basis. 
  Separate financial statements of TransDigm Inc. are not presented because TransDigm Inc. s 2020 Notes, 2021 Notes, 2022 Notes, 2024 Notes, 2025 Notes and 2026 Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed on a senior subordinated basis by TD Group and all existing 100% owned domestic subsidiaries of TransDigm Inc. and because TD Group has no significant operations or assets separate from its investment in TransDigm Inc. 

F-31 

     Table of Contents  

TRANSDIGM GROUP INCORPORATED 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING BALANCE SHEET 
  AS OF SEPTEMBER 30,   2016    
  (Amounts in Thousands) 

F-32 

     Table of Contents  

TRANSDIGM GROUP INCORPORATED 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING BALANCE SHEET 
  AS OF SEPTEMBER 30,   2015    
  (Amounts in Thousands) 

F-33 

     Table of Contents  

TRANSDIGM GROUP INCORPORATED 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF INCOME AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
  FOR THE YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30,   2016    
  (Amounts in thousands) 

F-34 

     Table of Contents  

TRANSDIGM GROUP INCORPORATED 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF INCOME AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
  FOR THE YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30,   2015 
  (Amounts in Thousands) 

F-35 

     Table of Contents  

TRANSDIGM GROUP INCORPORATED 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF INCOME AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
  FOR THE YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30,   2014    
  (Amounts in Thousands)    

F-36 

     Table of Contents  

TRANSDIGM GROUP INCORPORATED 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 
  FOR THE YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30,   2016    
  (Amounts in thousands) 

F-37 

     Table of Contents  

TRANSDIGM GROUP INCORPORATED 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 
  FOR THE YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30,   2015    
  (Amounts in Thousands) 

F-38 

     Table of Contents  

TRANSDIGM GROUP INCORPORATED 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 
  FOR THE YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30,   2014    
  (Amounts in Thousands) 

***** 
  
   F-39 

Table of Contents  

TRANSDIGM GROUP INCORPORATED 
  VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS 
  FOR THE YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30,   2016  ,   2015  , AND   2014    
  (Amounts in Thousands) 

(1) 
    The amounts in this column represent charge-offs net of recoveries and the impact of foreign currency translation adjustments. 
     
   F-40 

Table of Contents  

EXHIBIT INDEX 
  TO FORM 10-K FOR THE YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30,   2016    
                   EXHIBIT 
  NO. 
       
    DESCRIPTION 

3.65 
      
    Certificate of Incorporation, filed October 24, 1977, of Transformer Technology Corporation (now known as Beta Transformer Technology Corporation) 
      3.66 
      
    Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation, filed December 1, 1977, of Transformer Technology Corporation (now known as Beta Transformer Technology Corporation) 
      3.67 
      
    Bylaws of Transformer Technology Corporation (now known as Beta Transformer Technology Corporation) 
      3.68 
      
    Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement, filed July 7, 2016, of Beta Transformer Technology LLC 
      3.89 
      
    Certificate of Incorporation, filed October 23, 1970, of ILC Data Devices Corporation (now known as Data Device Corporation) 
      3.90 
      
    Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation, filed April 23, 1999, of ILC Data Devices Corporation (now known as Data Device Corporation) 
      3.91 
      
    Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation, filed July 14, 2014, of Data Device Corporation 
      3.92 
      
    Bylaws of ILC Data Devices Corporation, (now known as Data Device Corporation) 
      3.105 
      
    Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, filed June 23, 2016, of ILC Holdings, Inc. 
      3.106 
      
    Bylaws of ILC Holdings, Inc. 
      3.107 
      
    Certificate of Formation, filed August 12, 2008, of New ILC Mergeco, LLC (now known as ILC Industries, LLC) 
      3.108 
      
    Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Formation, filed December 3, 2010, of New ILC Mergeco, LLC (now known as ILC Industries, LLC) 
      3.109 
      
    Limited Liability Company Agreement of ILC Industries, LLC 
      3.110 
      
    Certificate of Formation, filed January 26, 2007, of Johnson Liverpool LLC 
      3.111 
      
    Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Johnson Liverpool LLC 
      3.144 
      
    Certificate of Incorporation, filed August 22, 1986, of Tactair Fluid Controls, Inc. 
      3.145 
      
    Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation of Tactair Fluid Controls, Inc. 
      3.146 
      
    Bylaws of Tactair Fluid Controls, Inc. 
      3.157 
      
    Restated Certificate of Incorporation, filed November 10, 2016, of Young   Franklin, Inc. 
      3.158 
      
    Bylaws of Young   Franklin, Inc. 
      3.159 
      
    Certificate of Formation, filed May 30, 2013, of Beta Transformer Technology LLC 
      4.9 
      
    Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 1, 2016, among TransDigm Inc., TransDigm Group Incorporated, the guarantors listed on the signature pages thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee  
      4.10 
      
    Eight Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 8, 2016, among TransDigm Inc., TransDigm Group Incorporated, the guarantors listed on the signature pages thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee  
      4.11 
      
    Ninth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 28, 2016, among TransDigm Inc., TransDigm Group Incorporated, the guarantors listed on the signature pages thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee  
      4.17 
      
    Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 1, 2016, among TransDigm Inc., TransDigm Group Incorporated, the guarantors listed on the signature pages thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee  
      4.18 
      
    Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 8, 2016, among TransDigm Inc., TransDigm Group Incorporated, the guarantors listed on the signature pages thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee  
      4.19 
      
    Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 28, 2016, among TransDigm Inc., TransDigm Group Incorporated, the guarantors listed on the signature pages thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee  

Table of Contents  

EXHIBIT 
  NO. 
       
    DESCRIPTION 
      4.24 
      
    Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 1, 2016, among TransDigm Inc., TransDigm Group Incorporated, the guarantors listed on the signature pages thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee  
      4.25 
      
    Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 8, 2016, among TransDigm Inc., TransDigm Group Incorporated, the guarantors listed on the signature pages thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee  
      4.26 
      
    Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 28, 2016, among TransDigm Inc., TransDigm Group Incorporated, the guarantors listed on the signature pages thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee  
      4.31 
      
    Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 1, 2016, among TransDigm Inc., TransDigm Group Incorporated, the guarantors listed on the signature pages thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee  
      4.32 
      
    Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 8, 2016, among TransDigm Inc., TransDigm Group Incorporated, the guarantors listed on the signature pages thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee  
      4.33 
      
    Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 28, 2016, among TransDigm Inc., TransDigm Group Incorporated, the guarantors listed on the signature pages thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee  
      4.37 
      
    Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 1, 2016, among TransDigm Inc., TransDigm Group Incorporated, the guarantors listed on the signature pages thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee  
      4.38 
      
    Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 8, 2016, among TransDigm Inc., TransDigm Group Incorporated, the guarantors listed on the signature pages thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee  
      4.39 
      
    Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 28, 2016, among TransDigm Inc., TransDigm Group Incorporated, the guarantors listed on the signature pages thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee  
      4.41 
      
    First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 8, 2016, among TransDigm Inc., TransDigm Group Incorporated, the guarantors listed on the signature pages thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee  
      4.42 
      
    Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 28, 2016, among TransDigm Inc., TransDigm Group Incorporated, the guarantors listed on the signature pages thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee  
      12.1 
       
    Statement of Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges 
      21.1 
       
    Subsidiaries of TransDigm Group Incorporated 
      23.1 
       
    Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
      31.1 
       
    Certification by Principal Executive Officer of TransDigm Group Incorporated pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
      31.2 
       
    Certification by Principal Financial Officer of TransDigm Group Incorporated pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
      32.1 
       
    Certification by Principal Executive Officer of TransDigm Group Incorporated pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
      32.2 
       
    Certification by Principal Financial Officer of TransDigm Group Incorporated pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
      101 
       
    Financial Statements and Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements formatted in XBRL. 

<EX-3.65>
 2
 exhibit365.htm
 EXHIBIT 3.65

Exhibit 

Exhibit 3.65 

CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION 
    
  OF 
    
  TRANSFORMER TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION 

Under Section 402 of the Business Corporation Law 

The undersigned, being a natural person of at least 18 years of age and acting as the incorporator of the corporation hereby being formed under the Business Corporation Law, certifies that: 
    
  FIRST  :        The name of the corporation is TRANSFORMER TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION. 
    
  SECOND  :    The corporation is formed for the following purpose or purposes: 
    
  To manufacture, purchase, assemble, import, sell, lease, install, service, export and otherwise deal in transformers, transducers and other electrical equipment, machinery and components, and 
    
  (a)    To carry on a general mercantile, industrial, investing, and trading business in all its branches; to devise, invent, manufacture, fabricate, assemble, install, service, maintain, alter, buy, sell, import, license as licensor or licensee, lease as lessor or lessee, distribute, job, enter into, negotiate, execute, acquire, and assign contracts in respect of, acquire, receive, grant, and assign license arrangements, options, franchises and other rights in respect of, and generally deal in and with, at wholesale and retail, as principal, and as sales, business, special, or general agent, representative, broker, factor, merchant, distributor, jobber, advisor, and in any other lawful capacity, goods, wares, merchandise, commodities, and unimproved, improved, finished, processed, and other real, personal, and mixed property of any and all kinds, together with the components, resultants, and by-product thereof; to acquire by   purchase or otherwise own, hold, lease, mortgage, sell, or otherwise dispose of, erect, construct, make, alter, enlarge, improve, and to aid or subscribe toward the construction, acquisition or improvement of any factories, shops, storehouses, buildings, and commercial and retail establishments of every character, including all equipment, fixtures, machinery, implements and supplies necessary, or incidental to, or connected with, any of the purposes or business of the corporation; and generally to perform any and all acts connected therewith or arising therefrom or incidental thereto, and all acts proper or necessary for the purpose of the business. 
    
  (b)    To engage generally in the real estate business as principal, agent, broker, and in any lawful capacity, and generally to take, lease, purchase, or otherwise acquire, and to own, use, hold, sell, convey, exchange, lease, mortgage, work, clear, improve, develop, divide, and otherwise handle, manage, operate, deal in and dispose of  

real estate, real property, lands, multiple-dwelling structures, houses, buildings and other works and any interest or right therein; to take, lease, purchase or otherwise acquire, and to own, use, hold, sell, convey, exchange, hire, lease, pledge, mortgage, and otherwise handle, and deal in and dispose of, as principal, agent, broker, and in any lawful capacity, such personal property, chattels, chattels real, rights, easements, privileges, choses in action, notes, bonds, mortgages and securities as may lawfully be acquired, held, or disposed of; and to acquire, purchase, sell, assign, transfer, dispose of, and generally deal in and with, as principal, agent, broker, and in any lawful capacity, mortgages and other interests in real, personal, and mixed properties; to carry on a general construction, contracting, building, and realty management business as principal, agent, representative, contractor, subcontractor, and in any other lawful capacity. 
    
  (c)    To apply for, register, obtain, purchase, lease, take licenses in respect of or otherwise acquire, and to hold, own, use, operate, develop, enjoy, turn to account, grant licenses and immunities in respect of, manufacture under and to introduce, sell, assign, mortgage, pledge or otherwise dispose of, and, in any manner deal with and     contract with reference to: 
    
  (i)     inventions, devices, formulae, processes and any improvements and modifications thereof;  
    
  (ii)    letters patent, patent rights, patented processes, copyrights, designs, and similar rights, trademarks, trade symbols and other indications of origin and ownership granted by or recognized under the laws of the United States of America or of any state or subdivision thereof, or of any foreign country or subdivision thereof, and all rights connected therewith or appertaining thereunto;  
    
  (iii)    franchises, licenses, grants and concessions. 
    
  (d)    To have, in furtherance of the corporate purposes, all of the powers conferred upon corporations organized under the Business Corporation Law subject to any limitations thereof contained in this certificate of incorporation or in the laws of the State of New York. 
    
  THIRD  :    The office of the corporation is to be located in the Town of Brookhaven, county of Suffolk, State of New York. 
    
  FOURTH  :    The aggregate number of shares which the corporation shall have authority to issue is five hundred (500), all of which are of a par value of one dollar ($1.00) each, and all of which are of the same class. 
    
  FIFTH  :        The Secretary of State is designated as the agent of the corporation upon whom process against the corporation may be served. The post office address within the State of New York to which the Secretary of State shall mail a copy of any process against the corporation served upon him is c/o The Prentice-Hall Corporation System, Inc., 521 Fifth Avenue, New York, New York 10017. 
    
  SIXTH  :        The duration of the corporation is to be perpetual. 

SEVENTH  :    Any action required or permitted to be   taken by the Board of Directors of the corporation or of any committee thereof may be taken without a meeting if all members of the Board of Directors or of any committee thereof consent in writing to the adoption of a resolution authorizing the action. 
    
  Any one or more members of the Board of Directors of the corporation or of any committee thereof may participate in a meeting of said Board or of any such committee by means of a conference telephone or similar communications equipment allowing all persons participating in the meeting to hear each other at the same time. 
    
  EIGHTH  :    Except as may otherwise be specifically provided in this certificate of incorporation, no provision of this certificate of incorporation is intended by the corporation to be construed as limiting, prohibiting, denying, or abrogating any of the general or specific powers or rights conferred under the Business Corporation Law upon the corporation, upon its shareholders, bondholders, and security holders, and upon its directors, officers, and other corporate personnel, including, in particular, the power of the corporation to furnish indemnification to directors and officers in the capacities defined and prescribed by the Business corporation Law and the defined and prescribed rights of said persons to indemnification as the same are conferred by the Business corporation Law. 
    
  NINTH  :    The accounting period which the corporation intends to establish as its first calendar or fiscal year for reporting the Franchise Tax on business corporations imposed by Article 9-A of the Tax Law of the State of New York is from the date of its incorporation through December 31. 1977. 

Subscribed and affirmed by me as true under the penalties of perjury on October 13, 1977. 
    
    /s/   Frances A. Wrigley             
  Frances A. Wrigley, Incorporator 
  521 Fifth Avenue 
  New York, New York      10017 

CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT OF CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION 
    
  OF 
    
  TRANSFORMER TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION 

UNDER SECTION 805 OF THE BUSINESS CORPORATION LAW 

We the undersigned, the Vice President and the Secretary of Transformer Technology Corporation, hereby certify: 
    
  FIRST:     The name of the corporation is TRANSFORMER TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION. 
    
  SECOND:    The certificate of incorporation of the corporation was filed by the Department of State, Albany 11 New York on October 24, 1977. 
    
  THIRD:    Paragraph FIRST of the Certificate of Incorporation which sets forth the corporate name is amended to read as follows: 
    
     FIRST  :    The name of the corporation is BETA TRANSFORMER TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION." 
    
  FOURTH:     The foregoing amendment of the Certificate of Incorporation of the corporation was authorized by the unanimous written consent of the holders of all the outstanding shares of the corporation entitled to vote thereon. 
    
  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the underside have signed this certificate the 18th day of November 1977.  

/s/ Elanor Hesler                Elanor Hesler              Vice President 
  Signature                Name 

/s/ Doris B. Carlisle                Doris B. Carlisle          Secretary 
  Signature                Name 

</EX-3.65>

<EX-3.66>
 3
 exhibit366.htm
 EXHIBIT 3.66

exhibit366  

</EX-3.66>

<EX-3.67>
 4
 exhibit367.htm
 EXHIBIT 3.67

exhibit367  

Exhibit 3.67     

aIl purposes and, accordingly. shaII not be bound to recognize   any IegaI. equitable or other claim to, or interest in, such   share or shares on the part of any other person, whether or   not it shall have express or other notice thereof, except as   otherwise expressly provided by law.   Section4-RecordDate:   In lieu of closing the share records of the Corporation, the   Board of Directors may f ix, in advance. a date not exceeding   fifty days, nor less than ten days, as the record date for the   determination of shareholders entitled to recei.ve notice of, or   to vote at, any meeting of shareholders. or to consent to any   proposal without a meeting, or for the purpose of determining   shareholders entitled to receive palment of any dividends, or   allotment of any rights, or for the purpose of any other action.   If no record date is fixed. the record date for the determination   of shareholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting   of shareholders shall be at the close of business on the day   next preceding the day on vthj.ch notice is given, or, if no notice   is given. the day on which the meeting is held; the record date   for determining shareholders for any other purpose shaII be at   the close of business on the day on which the resolution of the   directors relating thereto is adopted. When a determination of   shareholders of record entitLed to notice of or to vote at any   meeting of shareholders has been made as provided for herein,   such determination shaII apply to any adjournment thereof, un-   Iess the directors fix a new record date for the adjourned meet-   rng.   ARTICLE VI - DIVIDENDS   subject to applicable law, dividends may be declared and paid   out of any funds available therefor, as often, in such amounts,   and at such time or times as the Board of Directors may deter-   mine.   ARTICLE VII - FISCAI, Y:EAR   The fiscal year of the Corporation shall be fixed by the Board   of Directors from time to time, subject to applicable law.   ARTICLE VIII - CORPORATE SEAL   The corporate seal, if any, shall be in such form as shall be   By-Laws - 1I     

</EX-3.67>

<EX-3.68>
 5
 exhibit368.htm
 EXHIBIT 3.68

Exhibit 

Exhibit 3.68 

AMENDED AND RESTATED  
    
  LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT 
    
  OF 
    
  BETA TRANSFORMER TECHNOLOGY LLC 

The undersigned, being the sole member of Beta Transformer Technology LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the  Company ), does hereby execute this Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of the Company (this  Limited Liability Company Agreement ) effective as of this 7th day of July, 2016. The Company was formed as a Delaware limited liability company on the 30th day of May, 2013, upon the filing of its Certificate of Formation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware. 
    
  ARTICLE I 
    
  MEMBER 
    
  Beta Transformer Technology Corporation is the sole member of the Company (the  Member''). 
    
  ARTICLE II 
    
  OFFICE 
    
  The principal office of the Company shall be located at 105 Wilbur Place, Bohemia, NY 11716 (the  Principal Office ). The Company may have such other offices as the Member may designate or as the business of the Company may require. 
    
  ARTICLE Ill 
    
  PURPOSE 
    
  The sole purpose for which the Company is organized is to conduct any lawful business purpose as defined in the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act. The Company shall have all of the powers granted to a limited liability company under the laws of the State of Delaware. 
    
  ARTICLE IV 
    
  DURATION OF THE COMPANY 
    
  The Company shall continue in perpetuity unless terminated sooner by operation of law or by decision of the Member. 
    
  ARTICLE V 
    
  CAPITAL CONTRIBUTIONS 
    
  The Member may in the future contribute any additional capital deemed necessary by the Member for the operation of the Company. 
    
  ARTICLE VI 
    
  OWNERSHIP OF MEMBERSHIP INTERESTS 
    
  The Member shall own all of the membership interests in the Company and the Member shall have a 100% distributive share of the Company's profits, losses and cash flow. 
    
  ARTICLE VII 
    
  MANAGEMENT 
    
  The Member will manage the affairs of the Company, but shall be entitled to appoint or authorize representatives, including, but not limited to, such officers as the Member may deem necessary, to act on behalf of the Company and to delegate the authority otherwise reserved to the Member to such representatives. The signature of the Member of the Company shall be sufficient to bind the Company with respect to any matter on which the Member shall be required or entitled to act. The Member has the power, on behalf of the Company, to do all things necessary or convenient to carry out the business and affairs of the Company. A copy of this Limited Liability Company Agreement may be shown to third parties (and all third parties may rely hereupon) in order to confirm the identity and authorization of the Member. 
    
  ARTICLE VIII 
    
  BOOKS AND RECORDS 
    
  The Company books shall be maintained at the Principal Office. The fiscal year of the Company shall end on such date in each year as shall be designated from time to time by the Member. The Member shall cause all known business transactions pertaining to the purpose of the Company to be entered properly and completely into said books. The Member will prepare and file on behalf of the Company all tax returns in a timely manner. 
    
  ARTICLE IX 
    
  AMENDMENTS 
    
  This Limited Liability Company Agreement may be amended by a written instrument adopted by the Member and executed by the Member at any time, for any purpose, at the sole discretion of the Member. 
    
  ARTICLE IX 
    
  INDEMNIFICATION 
    
  To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Company shall defend, indemnify, and save harmless the Member and any officers of the Company (each an  Indemnified Person ) for all loss, liability, damage, cost, or expense (including reasonable attorneys' fees) incurred by reason of any demands, claims, suits, actions, or proceedings arising out of (a) the Indemnified Person's relationship to the Company or (b) such Indemnified Person's capacity as an officer, except for such loss, liability, damage, cost, or expense as arises out of the theft, fraud, willful misconduct, or gross negligence by such Indemnified Person. To the fullest extent permitted by law, expenses incurred in defending a civil or criminal action, suit or proceeding shall be paid by the Company in advance of the final disposition of such action, suit or proceeding, and not less often than monthly upon receipt of an undertaking by and on behalf of the Indemnified Person to repay such amount if it shall be ultimately determined that he or she is not entitled to be indemnified by the Company. The indemnification and advancement of expenses authorized in or ordered by a court pursuant to this Article X shall continue for a person who has ceased to be an officer and inures to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such a person. 
    
  The Company may obtain, at the expense of the Company, directors and officers insurance coverage in an amount and on such terms as determined by the Member. 
    
  ARTICLE XI 
    
  BANKING 
    
  All funds of the Company shall be deposited in one or more Company checking accounts as shall be designated by the Member, and the Member is authorized to sign any such checks or withdrawal forms. 
    
  ARTICLE XII 
    
  APPLICABILITY OF UCC ARTICLE 8 
    
  The Company hereby irrevocably elects that all membership interests in the Company shall be securities governed by Article 8 of the Uniform Commercial Code. Each certificate evidencing membership interests in the Company shall bear the following legend: 
    
   This certificate evidences an interest in Beta Transformer Technology LLC and shall be a security for purposes of Article 8 of the Uniform Commercial Code.  
    
  No change to this provision shall be effective until all outstanding certificates have been surrendered for cancellation and any new certificates thereafter issued shall not bear the foregoing legend. 
    
  ARTICLE XIII    
    
  MISCELLANEOUS 
    
  This Limited Liability Company Agreement is made by the Member for the exclusive benefit of the Company, its Member, and his, her or its successors and assignees. This Limited Liability Company Agreement is expressly not intended for the benefit of any creditor of the Company or any other person or entity. Except and only to the extent provided by applicable statute or otherwise in this Limited Liability Company Agreement, no such creditor or third party shall have any rights under this Limited Liability Company Agreement or any agreement between the Company and the Member with respect to any capital contribution or otherwise. 

[Signature Page Follows] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Member has hereunto set its hand effective the day and year first written above. 

Beta Transformer Technology Corporation,  
  its sole member 

By:           /s/ Terrance Paradie             
  Name:    Terrance Paradie 
  Its:     Chief Executive Officer  
  
   1 

</EX-3.68>

<EX-3.89>
 6
 exhibit389.htm
 EXHIBIT 3.89

exhibit389  

</EX-3.89>

<EX-3.90>
 7
 exhibit390.htm
 EXHIBIT 3.90

exhibit390  

</EX-3.90>

<EX-3.91>
 8
 exhibit391.htm
 EXHIBIT 3.91

Exhibit 

Exhibit 3.91 

CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT  
  OF 
  CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION  
  OF 
  DATA DEVICE CORPORATION 
    
  Data Device Corporation (the "Company") originally filed its Certificate of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of Delaware on October 23, 1970, is organized and existing under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, and hereby certifies as follows: 
    
  1.         The Board of Directors of the Company duly adopted resolutions by written consent in lieu of a meeting in accordance with Section 141(f) of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware proposing and declaring advisable the following amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation (the "Certificate") of the Company. The resolution setting forth the proposed amendment is as follows: 
    
  RESOLVED,  that  the Certificate is hereby  amended  by  striking out Article  SEVENTH thereof and by substituting in lieu of said paragraph the following: 
    
  "SEVENTH:  Reserved." 
    
  2.         This Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation of the Company has been duly adopted in accordance with Section 242 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. 
    
  3.         That thereafter, pursuant to a resolution of the Board of Directors and in lieu of a meeting of stockholders, the stockholder s gave their approval of said amendment by written consent in accordance with the provisions of Section 228 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. 
    
  4.         That the aforesaid amendment was duly adopted in accordance with the provisions of Sections 242 and 228 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. 
    
  5.         That said amendment shall be executed, filed and recorded in accordance  with Section 103 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. 
    
  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Data Device Corporation has caused  this Certificate of  Amendment to be signed by an authorized officer thereof, this 14th day of July, 2014. 

Data Device Corporation 
    
  By: /s/ William Riley                                                
  Name:  William Riley 
  Title: Vice President of Finance and Secretary 

</EX-3.91>

<EX-3.92>
 9
 exhibit392.htm
 EXHIBIT 3.92

exhibit392  

</EX-3.92>

<EX-3.105>
 10
 exhibit3105.htm
 EXHIBIT 3.105

Exhibit 

Exhibit 3.105 

Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation 
  Of  
  ILC Holdings, Inc. 
  ILC Holdings, Inc., a corporation organized and existing by virtue of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the  DGCL ), hereby certifies as follows: 
           1. 
    The corporation filed its original Certificate of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of Delaware on November 16, 1966 under the name  ILC Industries, Inc.  (as amended, the  Certificate of Incorporation ). 
              2. 
    Pursuant to Sections 242 and 245 of the DGCL, the Certificate of Incorporation is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows: 
     FIRST: The name of the corporation is ILC Holdings, Inc. 
  SECOND: The address of the corporation s registered office in the State of Delaware is Corporation Trust Center, 1209 Orange Street, in the City of Wilmington, County of New Castle 19801. The name of its registered agent at such address is The Corporation Trust Company. 
  THIRD: The nature of the business or purposes to be conducted or promoted are to engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be organized under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. 
  FOURTH: The total number of shares of stock that the corporation shall have authority to issue is 1,000 shares, all of which shall be Common Stock, $0.01 par value per share.  
  FIFTH: Any one of more of the directors may be removed, with or without cause, by the vote or written consent of the holders of a majority of the issued and outstanding shares of stock of the corporation entitled to be voted at an election of directors. 
  SIXTH: Meetings of stockholders shall be held at such place, within or without the State of Delaware, as may be designated by or in the manner provided in the By-laws of the corporation or, if not so designated, at the registered office of the corporation in the State of Delaware. Elections of directors need not be by written ballot unless and to the extent that the By-laws so provide.  
  SEVENTH:      
  (a) The corporation shall indemnify to the maximum extent permitted by law any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (other than an  

action by or in the right of the corporation) by reason of the fact that he is or was a director or officer of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director or officer of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against expenses (including attorneys  fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with such action, suit or proceeding if he acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful.  The termination of any action, suit or proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not, of itself, create a presumption that the person did not act in good faith and in a manner which he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful. 
  (b) The corporation shall indemnify to the maximum extent permitted by law any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of the corporation to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that he is or was a director or officer of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director or officer of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against expenses (including attorneys  fees) actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with the defense or settlement of such action or suit if he acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation and except that no such indemnification shall be made in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to be liable to the corporation unless and only to the extent that the Court of Chancery of Delaware or the court in which such action or suit was brought shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses which such Court of Chancery or such other court shall deem proper. 
  (c) To the extent that a director or officer of the corporation shall be successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any action, suit or proceeding referred to in paragraphs (a) and (b), or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, he shall be indemnified against expenses (including attorneys  fees) actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection therewith. 
  (d) Any indemnification under paragraphs (a) and (b) (unless ordered by a court) shall be made by the corporation only as authorized in the specific case upon a determination that indemnification of the director or officer is proper in the circumstances because he has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in paragraphs (a) and (b).  Such determination shall be made (1) by the Board of Directors by a majority vote of a quorum consisting of directors who were not parties to such action, suit or proceeding, or (2) if such a quorum is not obtainable, or, even if obtainable a quorum of disinterested directors so directs, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion, or (3) by the stockholders.  The corporation, acting through its Board of  

Directors or otherwise, shall cause such determination to be made if so requested by any person who is indemnifiable under this Article Seventh. 
  (e) Expenses (including attorneys  fees) incurred by an officer or director in defending any civil, criminal, administrative or investigative action, suit or proceeding shall be paid by the corporation in advance of the final disposition of such action, suit or proceeding upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of such director or officer to repay such amount if it shall ultimately be determined that he is not entitled to be indemnified by the corporation as authorized in this Article Seventh. 
  (f) The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by, or granted pursuant to, the other paragraphs of this Article Seventh shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which those seeking indemnification or advancement of expenses may be entitled under any bylaw, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, both as to action in his official capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding such office.  
  (g) The Board of Directors may authorize, by a vote of a majority of a quorum of the Board of Directors, the corporation to purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director or officer of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director or officer of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any liability asserted against him and incurred by him in any such capacity, or arising out of his status as such, whether or not the corporation would have the power to indemnify him against such liability under the provisions of this Article Seventh. 
  (h) For the purposes of this Article Seventh, references to  the corporation  shall include, in addition to the resulting corporation, any constituent corporation (including any constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a consolidation or merger which, if its separate existence had continued, would have had power and authority to indemnify its directors or officers so that any person who is or was a director or officer of such constituent corporation, or is or was serving at the request of such constituent corporation as a director or officer of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, shall stand in the same position under the provisions of this Article Seventh with respect to the resulting or surviving corporation as he would have with respect to such constituent corporation if its separate existence had continued. 
  (i) For purposes of this section, references to  other enterprises  shall include employee benefit plans; references to  fines  shall include any excise taxes assessed on a person with respect to an employee benefit plan; and references to  serving at the request of the corporation  shall include service as a director or officer of the corporation which imposes duties on, or involves services by, such director or officer with respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants or beneficiaries; and a person who acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in the interest of the participants and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan shall be deemed to have acted in a manner  not opposed to the best interests of the corporation  as referred to in this section.     

(j) The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by, or granted pursuant to, this Article Seventh shall, unless otherwise provided when authorized or ratified, continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director or officer and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such a person. 
  (k) The corporation shall be required to indemnify a person in connection with an action, suit or proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such person only if the action, suit or proceeding (or part thereof) was authorized by the Board of Directors of the corporation. 

THE UNDERSIGNED, has signed this instrument the 23rd day of June, 2016 and does thereby acknowledge that it is his act and deed and that the facts stated therein are true.  
    /s/ Clifford P. Lane                 
  Name: Clifford P. Lane 
  Title: President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-3.105>

<EX-3.106>
 11
 exhibit3106.htm
 EXHIBIT 3.106

Exhibit 

Exhibit 3.106 

BY-LAWS 
  OF 
  ILC HOLDINGS, INC. 
  a Delaware corporation 
    
  ARTICLE I 
    
  Meetings of Stockholders 
  Section 1.    Annual Meetings  .  The annual meeting of stockholders shall be held at such time and place and on such date in each year as may be fixed by the board of directors and stated in the notice of the meeting, for the election of directors, the consideration of reports to be laid before such meeting and the transaction of such other business as may properly come before the meeting.   
  Section 2.    Special Meetings  .  Special meetings of the stockholders shall be called upon the written request of the chairman of the board of directors, the chief executive officer, the president, the directors by action at a meeting, a majority of the directors acting without a meeting, or of the holders of shares entitling them to exercise a majority of the voting power of the Corporation entitled to vote thereat.  Calls for such meetings shall specify the purposes thereof.  No business other than that specified in the call shall be considered at any special meeting.   
  Section 3.    Notices of Meetings  .  Unless waived, and except as provided in Section 230 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the    DGCL   ), written notice of each annual or special meeting stating the date, time, place and purposes thereof shall be given by personal delivery or by mail to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at or entitled to notice of the meeting, not more than sixty days nor less than ten days before any such meeting.  If mailed, such notice shall be directed to the stockholder at his address as the same appears upon the records of the Corporation.  Any stockholder, either before or after any meeting, may waive any notice required to be given by law or under these By-laws.   
  Section 4.    Place of Meetings  .  Meetings of stockholders shall be held at the principal office of the Corporation unless the board of directors determines that a meeting shall be held at some other place within or without the State of Delaware and causes the notice thereof to so state.   
  Section 5.    Quorum  .  The holders of shares entitling them to exercise a majority of the voting power of the Corporation entitled to vote at any meeting, present in person or by proxy, shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business to be considered at such meeting; provided, however, that no action required by law or by the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-laws to be authorized or taken by the holders of a designated proportion of the shares of any particular class or of each class may be authorized or taken by a lesser proportion; and provided, further, that if a separate class vote is required with respect to any matter, the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of such class, present in person or by proxy, shall constitute a quorum of such class, and the affirmative vote of the majority of shares of such class so present shall be the act of such class.  The holders of a majority of the voting shares represented at a  

meeting, whether or not a quorum is present, may adjourn such meeting from time to time, until a quorum shall be present.   
  Section 6.    Record Date  .  The board of directors may fix a record date for any lawful purpose, including, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the determination of stockholders entitled to (i) receive notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof or to express consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, (ii) receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights, or (iii) exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock.  Such record date shall not precede the date on which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the board of directors.  Such record date shall not be more than sixty days nor less than ten days before the date of such meeting, nor more than sixty days before the date fixed for the payment of any dividend or distribution or the date fixed for the receipt or the exercise of rights, nor more than ten days after the date on which the resolution fixing the record date for such written consent is adopted by the board of directors, as the case may be.   
  If a record date shall not be fixed in respect of any such matter, the record date shall be determined in accordance with the DGCL.   
  Section 7.    Proxies  .  A person who is entitled to attend a stockholders  meeting, to vote thereat, or to execute consents, waivers or releases, may be represented at such meeting or vote thereat, and execute consents, waivers and releases, and exercise any of his other rights, by proxy or proxies appointed by a writing signed by such person.   
  ARTICLE II 
  Directors 
  Section 1.    Number of Directors  .  Until changed in accordance with the provisions of this section, the number of directors of the Corporation, none of whom need be stockholders, shall be no fewer than two (2) and no more than three (3).  The number of directors may be fixed or changed by amendment of these By-laws or by resolution of the board of directors.   
  Section 2.    Election of Directors  .  Directors shall be elected at the annual meeting of stockholders, but when the annual meeting is not held or directors are not elected thereat, they may be elected at a special meeting called and held for that purpose.  Such election shall be by ballot whenever requested by any stockholder entitled to vote at such election, but unless such request is made the election may be conducted in any manner approved at such meeting.   
  At each meeting of stockholders for the election of directors, the persons receiving the greatest number of votes shall be directors.   
  Section 3.    Term of Office  .  Each director shall hold office until the annual meeting next succeeding his election and until his successor is elected and qualified, or until his earlier resignation, removal from office or death.   
  Section 4.    Removal  .  All the directors, or all the directors of a particular class, or any individual director may be removed from office, without assigning any cause, by the vote of  

the holders of a majority of the voting power entitling them to elect directors in place of those to be removed.   
  Section 5.    Vacancies  .  Vacancies in the board of directors may be filled by a majority vote of the remaining directors until an election to fill such vacancies is held.  Stockholders entitled to elect directors shall have the right to fill any vacancy in the board (whether the same has been temporarily filled by the remaining directors or not) at any meeting of the stockholders called for that purpose, and any directors elected at any such meeting of stockholders shall serve until the next annual election of directors and until their successors are elected and qualified.   
  Section 6.    Quorum and Transaction of Business  .  A majority of the whole authorized number of directors shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business, except that a majority of the directors in office shall constitute a quorum for filling a vacancy on the board.  Whenever less than a quorum is present at the time and place appointed for any meeting of the board, a majority of those present may adjourn the meeting from time to time, until a quorum shall be present.  The act of a majority of the directors present at a meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the act of the board.   
  Section 7.    Annual Meeting  .  Annual meetings of the board of directors shall be held immediately following annual meetings of the stockholders, or as soon thereafter as is practicable.  If no annual meeting of the stockholders is held, or if directors are not elected thereat, then the annual meeting of the board of directors shall be held immediately following any special meeting of the stockholders at which directors are elected, or as soon thereafter as is practicable.  If such annual meeting of directors is held immediately following a meeting of the stockholders, it shall be held at the same place at which such stockholders  meeting was held.   
  Section 8.    Regular Meetings  .  Regular meetings of the board of directors shall be held at such times and places, within or without the State of Delaware, as the board of directors may, by resolution, from time to time determine.  The secretary shall give notice of each such resolution to any director who was not present at the time the same was adopted, but no further notice of such regular meeting need be given.   
  Section 9.    Special Meetings  .  Special meetings of the board of directors may be called by the chairman of the board, the chief executive officer, the president, any vice president or any two members of the board of directors, and shall be held at such times and places, within or without the State of Delaware, as may be specified in such call.   
  Section 10.    Notice of Annual or Special Meetings  .  Notice of the time and place of each annual or special meeting of the board of directors shall be given to each director by the secretary or by the person or persons calling such meeting.  Such notice need not specify the purpose or purposes of the meeting and may be given in any manner or method and at such time so that the director receiving it may have reasonable opportunity to attend the meeting.  Such notice shall, in all events, be deemed to have been properly and duly given if mailed at least forty-eight hours prior to the meeting and directed to the residence of each director as shown upon the secretary s records.  The giving of notice shall be deemed to have been waived by any  

director who shall attend and participate in such meeting and may be waived, in writing, by any director either before or after such meeting.   
  Section 11.    Compensation  .  The directors, as such, shall be entitled to receive such reasonable compensation, if any, for their services as may be fixed from time to time by resolution of the board, and expenses of attendance, if any, may be allowed for attendance at each annual, regular or special meeting of the board.  Nothing herein contained shall be construed to preclude any director from serving the Corporation in any other capacity and receiving compensation therefor.  Members of the executive committee or of any standing or special committee may, by resolution of the board, be allowed such compensation for their services as the board may deem reasonable, and additional compensation may be allowed to directors for special services rendered.  
    
  ARTICLE III 
  Committees 
  Section 1.    Executive Committee  .  The board of directors may from time to time, by resolution passed by a majority of the whole board, create an executive committee of three or more directors, the members of which shall be elected by the board of directors to serve during the pleasure of the board.  If the board of directors does not designate a chairman of the executive committee, the executive committee shall elect a chairman from its own number.  Except as otherwise provided herein and in the resolution creating an executive committee, such committee shall, during the intervals between the meetings of the board of directors, possess and may exercise all of the powers of the board of directors in the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation, other than that of filling vacancies among the directors or in any committee of the directors or except as provided by law.  The executive committee shall keep full records and accounts of its proceedings and transactions.  All action by the executive committee shall be reported to the board of directors at its meeting next succeeding such action and shall be subject to control, revision and alteration by the board of directors, provided that no rights of third persons shall be prejudicially affected thereby.  Vacancies in the executive committee shall be filled by the directors, and the directors may appoint one or more directors as alternate members of the committee who may take the place of any absent member or members at any meeting.   
  Section 2.    Meetings of Executive Committee  .  Subject to the provisions of these By-laws, the executive committee shall fix its own rules of procedure and shall meet as provided by such rules or by resolutions of the board of directors, and it shall also meet at the call of the chairman of the board, the chief executive officer, the president, the chairman of the executive committee or any two members of the committee.  Unless otherwise provided by such rules or by such resolutions, the provisions of Section 10 of Article II relating to the notice required to be given of meetings of the board of directors shall also apply to meetings of the members of the executive committee.  A majority of the executive committee shall be necessary to constitute a quorum.  The executive committee may act in writing without a meeting, but no such action of the executive committee shall be effective unless concurred in by all members of the committee.   

Section 3.    Other Committees  .  The board of directors may by resolution provide for such other standing or special committees as it deems desirable, and discontinue the same at its pleasure.  Each such committee shall have such powers and perform such duties, not inconsistent with law, as may be delegated to it by the board of directors.  The provisions of Section 1 and Section 2 of this Article shall govern the appointment and action of such committees so far as consistent, unless otherwise provided by the board of directors.  Vacancies in such committees shall be filled by the board of directors or as the board of directors may provide.   
    
  ARTICLE IV 
  Officers 
  Section 1.    General Provisions  .  The board of directors shall elect a president, such number of vice presidents, if any, as the board may from time to time determine, a secretary and a treasurer.  The board of directors may also elect a chairman of the board of directors and may from time to time create such offices and appoint such other officers, subordinate officers and assistant officers as it may determine.  The chairman of the board, if one be elected, shall be, but the other officers need not be, chosen from among the members of the board of directors.  Any two or more of such offices, other than those of president and vice president, may be held by the same person.   
  Section 2.    Term of Office  .  The officers of the Corporation shall hold office at the pleasure of the board of directors, and, unless sooner removed by the board of directors, until the annual meeting of the board of directors following the date of their election and until their successors are chosen and qualified.  The board of directors may remove any officer at any time, with or without cause.  Subject to the provisions of Section 8 of Article V of these By-laws, a vacancy in any office, however created, shall be filled by the board of directors.   
  ARTICLE V 
  Duties of Officers 
  Section 1.    Chairman of the Board  .  The chairman of the board, if any, shall preside at all meetings of the board of directors and meetings of stockholders and shall have such other powers and duties as may be prescribed by the board of directors. 
  Section 2.    Chief Executive Officer  .  The chief executive officer, if any, shall have, subject to the powers of the board of directors, charge of the overall general direction of the business and affairs of the Corporation, control of the general policies relating to all aspects of the Corporation s business operations, and the power to fix the compensation of officers and the power to remove officers.  In the absence of the chairman of the board, or if none be elected, the chief executive officer shall preside at meetings of stockholders.  The chief executive officer may appoint and discharge agents and employees and perform such other duties as are incident to such office.  The chief executive officer shall have such other powers and perform such other duties as may be prescribed by the board of directors or as may be provided in these By laws.  In  

the absence or disability of the officer designated as chief executive officer, the president shall perform any and all duties of the chief executive officer 
  Section 3.    President  .  The president shall be the chief operating officer of the Corporation and shall have such other powers and duties as may be prescribed by the board of directors or the chief executive officer.  The president shall have authority to sign all certificates for shares and all deeds, mortgages, bonds, agreements, notes, and other instruments requiring his signature; and shall have all the powers and duties prescribed by the DGCL and such others as the board of directors may from time to time assign to him.   
  Section 4.    Vice Presidents  .  The vice presidents shall have such powers and duties as may from time to time be assigned to them by the board of directors, the chief executive officer or the president.  At the request of the chief executive officer or the president, or in the case of his absence or disability, the vice president designated by the president (or in the absence of such designation, the vice president designated by the board) shall perform all the duties of the president and, when so acting, shall have all the powers of the president.  The authority of vice presidents to sign in the name of the Corporation certificates for shares and deeds, mortgages, bonds, agreements, notes and other instruments shall be coordinate with like authority of the president.   
  Section 5.    Secretary  .  The secretary shall keep minutes of all the proceedings of the stockholders and the board of directors and shall make proper record of the same, which shall be attested by him; shall have authority to execute and deliver certificates as to any of such proceedings and any other records of the Corporation; shall have authority to sign all certificates for shares and all deeds, mortgages, bonds, agreements, notes and other instruments to be executed by the Corporation which require his signature; shall give notice of meetings of stockholders and directors; shall produce on request at each meeting of stockholders a certified list of stockholders arranged in alphabetical order; shall keep such books and records as may be required by law or by the board of directors; and, in general, shall perform all duties incident to the office of secretary and such other duties as may from time to time be assigned to him by the board of directors, the chief executive officer or the president.   
  Section 6.    Treasurer  .  The treasurer shall have general supervision of all finances; he shall have in charge all money, bills, notes, deeds, leases, mortgages and similar property belonging to the Corporation, and shall do with the same as may from time to time be required by the board of directors.  He shall cause to be kept adequate and correct accounts of the business transactions of the Corporation, including accounts of its assets, liabilities, receipts, disbursements, gains, losses, stated capital and shares, together with such other accounts as may be required; and he shall have such other powers and duties as may from time to time be assigned to him by the board of directors, the chief executive officer or the president.   
  Section 7.    Assistant and Subordinate Officers  .  Each other officer shall perform such duties as the board of directors, the chief executive officer or the president may prescribe.  The board of directors may, from time to time, authorize any officer to appoint and remove subordinate officers, to prescribe their authority and duties, and to fix their compensation.   

Section 8.    Duties of Officers May Be Delegated  .  In the absence of any officer of the Corporation, or for any other reason the board of directors may deem sufficient, the board of directors may delegate, for the time being, the powers or duties, or any of them, of such officers to any other officer or to any director.   
  ARTICLE VI 
  Indemnification and Insurance 
  Section 1.    Indemnification in Non-Derivative Actions  .  The Corporation shall indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (other than an action by or in the right of the Corporation) by reason of the fact that he is or was a director or officer of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, member, manager, employee or agent of another corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against expenses (including attorneys  fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with such action, suit or proceeding if he acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful.  The termination of any action, suit or proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not, of itself, create a presumption that the person did not act in good faith and in a manner which he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful.   
  Section 2.    Indemnification in Derivative Actions  .  The Corporation shall indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of the Corporation to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that he is or was a director or officer of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, member, manager, employee or agent of another corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against expenses (including attorneys  fees) actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with the defense or settlement of such action or suit if he acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation and except that no indemnification shall be made in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to be liable to the Corporation unless and only to the extent that the Court of Chancery or the court in which such action or suit was brought shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses which the Court of Chancery or such other court shall deem proper.   
  Section 3.    Indemnification as a Matter of Right  .  To the extent that a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation has been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any action, suit or proceeding referred to in Sections 1 and 2 of this Article VI, or in  

defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, he shall be indemnified against expenses (including attorneys  fees) actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection therewith.   
  Section 4.    Determination of Conduct  .  Any indemnification under Sections 1 and 2 of this Article VI (unless ordered by a court) shall be made by the Corporation only as authorized in the specific case upon a determination that indemnification of the director, officer, employee or agent is proper in the circumstances because he has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in Sections 1 and 2 of this Article VI.  Such determination shall be made (1) by the board of directors by a majority vote of a quorum consisting of directors who were not parties to such action, suit or proceeding, or (2) if such a quorum is not obtainable, or, even if obtainable a quorum of disinterested directors so directs, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion, or (3) by the stockholders.   
  Section 5.    Advance Payment of Expenses  .  Expenses incurred in defending a civil or criminal action, suit or proceeding may be paid by the Corporation in advance of the final disposition of such action, suit or proceeding upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of the director, officer, employee or agent to repay such amount if it shall ultimately be determined that he is not entitled to be indemnified by the Corporation as authorized in this section.   
  Section 6.    Nonexclusivity  .  The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by, or granted pursuant to, this Article VI shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which those seeking indemnification or advancement of expenses may be entitled under any by-law, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, both as to action in his official capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding such office.   
  Section 7.    Liability Insurance  .  The Corporation shall have the power to purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, member, manager, employee or agent of another corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any liability asserted against him and incurred by him in any such capacity, or arising out of his status as such, whether or not the Corporation would have the power to indemnify him against such liability under the provisions of this section.   
  Section 8.    Corporation  .  For purposes of this Article VI, references to  the Corporation  shall include, in addition to the resulting entity, any constituent entity (including any constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a consolidation or merger which, if its separate existence had continued, would have had power and authority to indemnify its directors, officers, members, managers and employees or agents, so that any person who is or was a director, officer, member, manager, employee or agent of such constituent entity, or is or was serving at the request of such constituent entity as a director, officer, member, manager, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, shall stand in the same position under the provisions of this Article VI with respect to the resulting or surviving entity as he would have with respect to such constituent entity if its separate existence had continued.  
  Section 9.    Employee Benefit Plans  .  For purposes of this Article VI, references to any  other enterprise  shall include employee benefit plans; references to  fines  shall include  

any excise taxes assessed on a person with respect to an employee benefit plan; and references to  serving at the request of the Corporation  shall include any service as a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation which imposes duties on, or involves services by, such director, officer, employee or agent with respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants, or beneficiaries; and a person who acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in the interest of the participants and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan shall be deemed to have acted in a manner  not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation  as referred to in this Article VI.   
  Section 10.    Continuation  .  The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by, or granted pursuant to, this Article VI shall, unless otherwise provided when authorized or ratified, continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such a person.   
  ARTICLE VII 
  Certificates for Shares 
  Section 1.    Form and Execution  .  Certificates for shares, certifying the number of full-paid shares owned, shall be issued to each stockholder in such form as shall be approved by the board of directors.  Such certificates shall be signed by the chairman or vice-chairman of the board of directors, the chief executive officer or the president or a vice president and by the secretary or an assistant secretary or the treasurer or an assistant treasurer; provided, however, that the signatures of any of such officers and the seal of the Corporation upon such certificates may be facsimiles, engraved, stamped or printed.  If any officer or officers who shall have signed, or whose facsimile signature shall have been used, printed or stamped on any certificate or certificates for shares, shall cease to be such officer or officers, because of death, resignation or otherwise, before such certificate or certificates shall have been delivered by the Corporation, such certificate or certificates shall nevertheless be as effective in all respects as though signed by a duly elected, qualified and authorized officer or officers, and as though the person or persons who signed such certificate or certificates, or whose facsimile signature or signatures shall have been used thereon, had not ceased to be an officer or officers of the Corporation.   
  Section 2.    Registration of Transfer  .  Any certificate for shares of the Corporation shall be transferable in person or by attorney upon the surrender thereof to the Corporation or any transfer agent therefor (for the class of shares represented by the certificate surrendered) properly endorsed for transfer and accompanied by such assurances as the Corporation or such transfer agent may require as to the genuineness and effectiveness of each necessary endorsement.   
  Section 3.    Lost, Destroyed or Stolen Certificates  .  A new share certificate or certificates may be issued in place of any certificate theretofore issued by the Corporation which is alleged to have been lost, destroyed or wrongfully taken upon (i) the execution and delivery to the Corporation by the person claiming the certificate to have been lost, destroyed or wrongfully taken of an affidavit of that fact, specifying whether or not, at the time of such alleged loss, destruction or taking, the certificate was endorsed, and (ii) the furnishing to the Corporation of indemnity and other assurances, if any, satisfactory to the Corporation and to all transfer agents  

and registrars of the class of shares represented by the certificate against any and all losses, damages, costs, expenses or liabilities to which they or any of them may be subjected by reason of the issue and delivery of such new certificate or certificates or in respect of the original certificate.   
  Section 4.    Registered Stockholders  .  A person in whose name shares are of record on the books of the Corporation shall conclusively be deemed the unqualified owner and holder thereof for all purposes and to have capacity to exercise all rights of ownership.  Neither the Corporation nor any transfer agent of the Corporation shall be bound to recognize any equitable interest in or claim to such shares on the part of any other person, whether disclosed upon such certificate or otherwise, nor shall they be obliged to see to the execution of any trust or obligation.   
  ARTICLE VIII 
  Fiscal Year 
  The fiscal year of the Corporation shall end on such date in each year as shall be designated from time to time by the board of directors.  In the absence of such designation, the fiscal year of the Corporation shall end on December 31 in each year.   
  ARTICLE IX 
  Seal 
  The board of directors may provide a suitable seal containing the name of the Corporation.  If deemed advisable by the board of directors, duplicate seals may be provided and kept for the purposes of the Corporation.   
  ARTICLE X 
  Amendments 
  These By-laws shall be subject to alteration, amendment, repeal, or the adoption of new By-laws either by the affirmative vote or written consent of a majority of the whole board of directors, or by the affirmative vote or written consent of the holders of record of a majority of the outstanding stock of the Corporation, present in person or represented by proxy and entitled to vote in respect thereof, given at an annual meeting or at any special meeting at which a quorum shall be present.   

</EX-3.106>

<EX-3.107>
 12
 exhibit3107.htm
 EXHIBIT 3.107

Exhibit 

Exhi  b  i  t   3.   10  7 

CERTIFICATE OF FORMATION 
    
  OF 
    
  NEW ILC MERGECO, LLC 

The undersigned, an authorized natural person, for the purpose of forming a limited liability company under the provisions and subject to the requirements of the State of Delaware (particularly Chapter 18, Title 6 of   the   Delaware Code and the acts amendatory thereof and supplemental thereto, and known, identified, and refened to herein as the   "Delaware   Limited Liability Company Act''), hereby certifies that: 
    
           1  . 
    The   name of the limited liability company (hereinafter called the    'Limited   Liability Company'') is New ILC MergeCo, LLC. 
       
  2  .   The address of the registered office and the name and   the   address   of   the   registered agent of the Limited Liability Company required to be maintained by Section   18- 104   of the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act is c/o Corporation Service Company,   2711   Centerville Road, Suite   400   in   the   City     of   Wilmington, County of New Castle. 
  IN   WITNESS WHEREOF,   the undersigned, as an authorized person of the Company, 
  has   caused   this   Certificate of Formation   to be   duly executed   as of   the date set   forth   below. 
  Effective Date: August   12, 2008 
    
  Isl   Yedran I  .  Busija Vedran   I.  Busija 
  (Authorized Signatory for the Company) 

</EX-3.107>

<EX-3.108>
 13
 exhibit3108.htm
 EXHIBIT 3.108

Exhibit 

Exhibit 3.108 

CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT 
  TO 
  CERTIFICATE OF FORMATION 
  OF 
  NEW ILC MERGECO, LLC 

It is hereby certified that: 
    
  1.         The name of the limited liability company is New ILC MergeCo, LLC (the "Company"). 

2.         The certificate of formation of the Company is hereby amended by striking out the first numbered paragraph and by substituting in lieu of said paragraph the following new paragraph: "1. The name of the limited liability company (hereinafter called the "Limited Liability Company") is ILC Industries, LLC." 
    
  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned, as an authorized person of the Company, has caused this Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Formation to be duly executed as of the date set forth below. 
    
  Effective Date:  December 3, 2010 
    
  By: /s/ Kenneth J. Sheedy                                     
  Kenneth J. Sheedy 
  (A  uthori  zed Sig  n  a  t  o  r  y   for the   Co  mpa  ny) 

</EX-3.108>

<EX-3.109>
 14
 exhibit3109.htm
 EXHIBIT 3.109

Exhibit 

Exhibit 3.109 

AMENDED AND RESTATED  
    
  LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT 
    
  OF 
    
  ILC INDUSTRIES LLC 

The undersigned, being the sole member of ILC Industries, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the  Company ), does hereby execute this Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of the Company (this  Limited Liability Company Agreement ) effective as of this 7th day of July, 2016. The Company was formed as a Delaware limited liability company on the 12th day of August, 2008, upon the filing of its Certificate of Formation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware. 
    
  ARTICLE I 
    
  MEMBER 
    
  ILC Holdings, Inc. is the sole member of the Company (the  Member''). 
    
  ARTICLE II 
    
  OFFICE 
    
  The principal office of the Company shall be located at 1301 East Ninth Street, Suite 3000, Cleveland, Ohio 44114 (the  Principal Office ). The Company may have such other offices as the Member may designate or as the business of the Company may require. 
    
  ARTICLE Ill 
    
  PURPOSE 
    
  The sole purpose for which the Company is organized is to conduct any lawful business purpose as defined in the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act. The Company shall have all of the powers granted to a limited liability company under the laws of the State of Delaware. 
    
  ARTICLE IV 
    
  DURATION OF THE COMPANY 
    
  The Company shall continue in perpetuity unless terminated sooner by operation of law or by decision of the Member. 

ARTICLE V 
    
  CAPITAL CONTRIBUTIONS 
    
  The Member may in the future contribute any additional capital deemed necessary by the Member for the operation of the Company. 
    
  ARTICLE VI 
    
  OWNERSHIP OF MEMBERSHIP INTERESTS 
    
  The Member shall own all of the membership interests in the Company and the Member shall have a 100% distributive share of the Company's profits, losses and cash flow. 
    
  ARTICLE VII 
    
  MANAGEMENT 
    
  The Member will manage the affairs of the Company, but shall be entitled to appoint or authorize representatives, including, but not limited to, such officers as the Member may deem necessary, to act on behalf of the Company and to delegate the authority otherwise reserved to the Member to such representatives. The signature of the Member of the Company shall be sufficient to bind the Company with respect to any matter on which the Member shall be required or entitled to act. The Member has the power, on behalf of the Company, to do all things necessary or convenient to carry out the business and affairs of the Company. A copy of this Limited Liability Company Agreement may be shown to third parties (and all third parties may rely hereupon) in order to confirm the identity and authorization of the Member. 
    
  ARTICLE VIII 
    
  BOOKS AND RECORDS 
    
  The Company books shall be maintained at the Principal Office. The fiscal year of the Company shall end on such date in each year as shall be designated from time to time by the Member. The Member shall cause all known business transactions pertaining to the purpose of the Company to be entered properly and completely into said books. The Member will prepare and file on behalf of the Company all tax returns in a timely manner. 

ARTICLE IX 
    
  AMENDMENTS 
    
  This Limited Liability Company Agreement may be amended by a written instrument adopted by the Member and executed by the Member at any time, for any purpose, at the sole discretion of the Member. 
    
  ARTICLE IX 
    
  INDEMNIFICATION 
    
  To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Company shall defend, indemnify, and save harmless the Member and any officers of the Company (each an  Indemnified Person ) for all loss, liability, damage, cost, or expense (including reasonable attorneys' fees) incurred by reason of any demands, claims, suits, actions, or proceedings arising out of (a) the Indemnified Person's relationship to the Company or (b) such Indemnified Person's capacity as an officer, except for such loss, liability, damage, cost, or expense as arises out of the theft, fraud, willful misconduct, or gross negligence by such Indemnified Person. To the fullest extent permitted by law, expenses incurred in defending a civil or criminal action, suit or proceeding shall be paid by the Company in advance of the final disposition of such action, suit or proceeding, and not less often than monthly upon receipt of an undertaking by and on behalf of the Indemnified Person to repay such amount if it shall be ultimately determined that he or she is not entitled to be indemnified by the Company. The indemnification and advancement of expenses authorized in or ordered by a court pursuant to this Article X shall continue for a person who has ceased to be an officer and inures to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such a person. 
    
  The Company may obtain, at the expense of the Company, directors and officers insurance coverage in an amount and on such terms as determined by the Member. 
    
  ARTICLE XI 
    
  BANKING 
    
  All funds of the Company shall be deposited in one or more Company checking accounts as shall be designated by the Member, and the Member is authorized to sign any such checks or withdrawal forms. 
  ARTICLE XII 
    
  APPLICABILITY OF UCC ARTICLE 8 
    
  The Company hereby irrevocably elects that all membership interests in the Company shall be securities governed by Article 8 of the Uniform Commercial Code. Each  

certificate evidencing membership interests in the Company shall bear the following legend: 
    
   This certificate evidences an interest in the Member and shall be a security governed by Article 8 of the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in the State of Delaware and, to the extent permitted by applicable law, each other applicable jurisdiction.  
    
  No change to this provision shall be effective until all outstanding certificates have been surrendered for cancellation and any new certificates thereafter issued shall not bear the foregoing legend. 
    
  ARTICLE XIII    
    
  MISCELLANEOUS 
    
  This Limited Liability Company Agreement is made by the Member for the exclusive benefit of the Company, its Member, and his, her or its successors and assignees. This Limited Liability Company Agreement is expressly not intended for the benefit of any creditor of the Company or any other person or entity. Except and only to the extent provided by applicable statute or otherwise in this Limited Liability Company Agreement, no such creditor or third party shall have any rights under this Limited Liability Company Agreement or any agreement between the Company and the Member with respect to any capital contribution or otherwise. 

[Signature Page Follows] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Member has hereunto set its hand effective the day and year first written above. 

ILC HOLDINGS, INC.  
  its sole member 

By:      /s/  Terrance Paradie             
  Name:      Terrance Paradie 
  Its:        President 

</EX-3.109>

<EX-3.110>
 15
 exhibit3110.htm
 EXHIBIT 3.110

Exhibit 

Exhibit 3.110 

CERTIFICATE OF FORMATION 
    
  OF 
    
  JOHNSON LIVERPOOL LLC 

(Under Section 18-201 of the Limited Liability Company Act) 

FIRST  :        The name of the limited liability company is   Johnson Liverpool LLC  . 

SECOND  : 
    The name and address of the: registered office, and the name and address of the registered agent for service of process, are Corporation Service Company, 2711 Centerville Rood, Suite 400, Wilmington, Delaware 19808. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF  , this certificate of formation has been subscribed this 26th day of January, 2007, by the undersigned who affirms that the statements made herein are true under the penalties of perjury. 

/s/ Paul W. Reichel     
  Paul W. Reichel, Esq. 
  Bond, Schoeneck   King, PLLC 
  One Lincoln Center 
  Syracuse, New York 11202 

</EX-3.110>

<EX-3.111>
 16
 exhibit3111.htm
 EXHIBIT 3.111

Exhibit 

Exhibit 3.111 

AMENDED AND RESTATED  
    
  LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT 
    
  OF 
    
  JOHNSON LIVERPOOL LLC 

The undersigned, being the sole member of JOHNSON LIVERPOOL LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the  Company ), does hereby execute this Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of the Company (this  Limited Liability Company Agreement ) effective as of this 23rd day of September, 2016. The Company was formed as a Delaware limited liability company on the 26th day of January, 2007, upon the filing of its Certificate of Formation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware. 
    
  ARTICLE I 
    
  MEMBER 
    
  Young   Franklin Inc. is the sole member of the Company (the  Member''). 
    
  ARTICLE II 
    
  OFFICE 
    
  The principal office of the Company shall be located at 942 Old Liverpool Road, Liverpool, New York 13088 (the  Principal Office ). The Company may have such other offices as the Member may designate or as the business of the Company may require. 
    
  ARTICLE Ill 
    
  PURPOSE 
    
  The sole purpose for which the Company is organized is to conduct any lawful business purpose as defined in the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act. The Company shall have all of the powers granted to a limited liability company under the laws of the State of Delaware. 
    
  ARTICLE IV 
    
  DURATION OF THE COMPANY 
    
  The Company shall continue in perpetuity unless terminated sooner by operation of law or by decision of the Member. 

ARTICLE V 
    
  CAPITAL CONTRIBUTIONS 
    
  The Member may in the future contribute any additional capital deemed necessary by the Member for the operation of the Company. 
    
  ARTICLE VI 
    
  OWNERSHIP OF MEMBERSHIP INTERESTS 
    
  The Member shall own all of the membership interests in the Company and the Member shall have a 100% distributive share of the Company's profits, losses and cash flow. 
    
  ARTICLE VII 
    
  MANAGEMENT 
    
  The Member will manage the affairs of the Company, but shall be entitled to appoint or authorize representatives, including, but not limited to, such officers as the Member may deem necessary, to act on behalf of the Company and to delegate the authority otherwise reserved to the Member to such representatives. The signature of the Member of the Company shall be sufficient to bind the Company with respect to any matter on which the Member shall be required or entitled to act. The Member has the power, on behalf of the Company, to do all things necessary or convenient to carry out the business and affairs of the Company. A copy of this Limited Liability Company Agreement may be shown to third parties (and all third parties may rely hereupon) in order to confirm the identity and authorization of the Member. 
    
  ARTICLE VIII 
    
  BOOKS AND RECORDS 
    
  The Company books shall be maintained at the Principal Office. The fiscal year of the Company shall end on such date in each year as shall be designated from time to time by the Member. The Member shall cause all known business transactions pertaining to the purpose of the Company to be entered properly and completely into said books. The Member will prepare and file on behalf of the Company all tax returns in a timely manner. 

ARTICLE IX 
    
  AMENDMENTS 
    
  This Limited Liability Company Agreement may be amended by a written instrument adopted by the Member and executed by the Member at any time, for any purpose, at the sole discretion of the Member. 
    
  ARTICLE IX 
    
  INDEMNIFICATION 
    
  To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Company shall defend, indemnify, and save harmless the Member and any officers of the Company (each an  Indemnified Person ) for all loss, liability, damage, cost, or expense (including reasonable attorneys' fees) incurred by reason of any demands, claims, suits, actions, or proceedings arising out of (a) the Indemnified Person's relationship to the Company or (b) such Indemnified Person's capacity as an officer, except for such loss, liability, damage, cost, or expense as arises out of the theft, fraud, willful misconduct, or gross negligence by such Indemnified Person. To the fullest extent permitted by law, expenses incurred in defending a civil or criminal action, suit or proceeding shall be paid by the Company in advance of the final disposition of such action, suit or proceeding, and not less often than monthly upon receipt of an undertaking by and on behalf of the Indemnified Person to repay such amount if it shall be ultimately determined that he or she is not entitled to be indemnified by the Company. The indemnification and advancement of expenses authorized in or ordered by a court pursuant to this Article X shall continue for a person who has ceased to be an officer and inures to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such a person. 
    
  The Company may obtain, at the expense of the Company, directors and officers insurance coverage in an amount and on such terms as determined by the Member. 
    
  ARTICLE XI 
    
  BANKING 
    
  All funds of the Company shall be deposited in one or more Company checking accounts as shall be designated by the Member, and the Member is authorized to sign any such checks or withdrawal forms. 

ARTICLE XII 
    
  APPLICABILITY OF UCC ARTICLE 8 
    
  The Company hereby irrevocably elects that all membership interests in the Company shall be securities governed by Article 8 of the Uniform Commercial Code. Each certificate evidencing membership interests in the Company shall bear the following legend: 
    
   This certificate evidences an interest in Johnson Liverpool LLC and shall be a security for purposes of Article 8 of the Uniform Commercial Code.  
    
  No change to this provision shall be effective until all outstanding certificates have been surrendered for cancellation and any new certificates thereafter issued shall not bear the foregoing legend. 
    
  ARTICLE XIII    
    
  MISCELLANEOUS 
    
  This Limited Liability Company Agreement is made by the Member for the exclusive benefit of the Company, its Member, and his, her or its successors and assignees. This Limited Liability Company Agreement is expressly not intended for the benefit of any creditor of the Company or any other person or entity. Except and only to the extent provided by applicable statute or otherwise in this Limited Liability Company Agreement, no such creditor or third party shall have any rights under this Limited Liability Company Agreement or any agreement between the Company and the Member with respect to any capital contribution or otherwise. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Member has hereunto set its hand effective the day and year first written above. 

Young   Franklin Inc.,   its sole member 

By:           /s/ Terrance Paradie             
  Name:    Terrance Paradie 
  Its:     Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-3.111>

<EX-3.144>
 17
 exhibit3144.htm
 EXHIBIT 3.144

Exhibit 

Exhibit 3.144 

CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION 
  OF 
  TACTAIR FLUID CONTROLS, INC. 
    
  Under Section 402 of the Business Corporation Law 
  The undersigned, a natural person of the age of eighteen years or over,   '  desiring to form a corporation pursuant to the provisions of the Business Corporation Law of the State of New York, hereby certifies as follows: 
  FIRST:      The name of the corporation is  
  Tactair Fluid Controls, Inc. 
  SECOND:       The purpose for which it is formed is as follows: 
  To engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be organized under the Business Corporation Law, provided, however, that the corporation is not formed to engage in any act or activity requiring the consent or approval of any state official, department, board, agency or other body without first obtaining the consent of such body. 
  THIRD:           The office of the corporation in the State of New York is to be located in the County of Westchester. 
  FOURTH:           The aggregate number of shares which the corporation shall have authority to issue is 200 shares, all of which have no par value. 
  FIFTH:               The Secretary of State is designated as the agent of the corporation upon whom process against the     corporation may be served, and the address to which the Secretary     of State shall mail a copy of any process against the corporation served upon him is: 
  Young   Franklin, Inc.  
  942 Old Liverpool Road 
  Liverpool, New York 13088  
  Attention:    Dudley D. Johnson 
  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Certificate has been signed this 21st day of August, 1986,  

and affirmed that the statements made herein are true under penalties of perjury. 
    
    /s/ Karen Foley             
  Karen Foley, Sole Incorporator 
  280 Park Avenue 
  New York, New York 100178 

</EX-3.144>

<EX-3.145>
 18
 exhibit3145.htm
 EXHIBIT 3.145

Exhibit 

Exhibit 3.145 

CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT OF 
  CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION OF 
  TACTAIR FLUID CONTROLS INC. 
  Under Section 805 of the Business Corporation Law 
    Pursuant to the provisions of section 805 of the Business Corporation Law, the undersigned, Dudley D. Johnson and Thomas E. Kruger, being respectively the Chairman of the Board and Assistant Secretary of Tactair Fluid Controls Inc  .,   a New York corporation (the "Corporation ), do hereby certify as follows: 
  FIRST:    The name of the corporation is Tactair Fluid Controls Inc.  
  SECOND:    The certificate of incorporation of the Corporation was filed by the Department of State, Albany, New York, on August 22, 1986 under the original name Tactair Fluid Controls Inc. 
  THIRD:    The certificate of Incorporation is amended as authorized by     Section 801 of the Business Corporation Law to amend Article FOURTH to Increase the aggregate number of shares the Corporation is authorized to issue from 200 common shares with no par value all of which are i sued and outstanding to 100,000 shares of common stock with a par value of $0.01 per share.  In addition, the rate of change of the shares of Corporation stock, no par value, Into shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, Is one share of common stock with a $0.01 par value for one share of common stock with no par value on the effective date of this certificate of amendment. 
  FOURTH:    To accomplish such amendment, Article FOURTH of the certificate of incorporation, which provides for the number of authorized shares that the Corporation shall have the authority to issue and the par value thereof, is amended in its entirety to read as follows: 
  "FOURTH: The aggregate number of shares which the Corporation shall     have the authority to Issue is 100,000 shares, par value $0.01 per share, all of which are to be of the same class and all of which are to be designated common shares." 
  FIFTH:  The foregoing amendment of the certificate of incorporation was authorized and approved by the unanimous written consent of all the directors of the Corporation and by the unanimous written consent of all holders of all of the outstanding shares of the Corporation. 
    
  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this certificate of amendment of certificate of incorporation and affirm the truth of the statements therein set forth under penalty of perjury this 8th day of June, 1998. 

/s/ Dudley D. Johnson             
  Dudley D. Johnson 
  Chairman of the Board 

/s/ Thomas E. Kruger             
  Thomas E. Kruger 
  Assistant Secretary 

</EX-3.145>

<EX-3.146>
 19
 exhibit3146.htm
 EXHIBIT 3.146

exhibit3146  

Exhibit 3.140     

</EX-3.146>

<EX-3.157>
 20
 exhibit3157.htm
 EXHIBIT 3.157

Exhibit 

Exhibit 3.157 

RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION OF  YOUNG   FRANKLIN INC. 
  ____________________________________________________        Under Section 807 of the New York Business Corporation Law  ___________________________________________________ 
    
  FIRST: The name of the corporation is Young   Franklin Inc. 
    
  SECOND: The certificate of incorporation of the corporation was filed by the Department of State of New York on January 7, 1921 under the original name of  Young   Franklin Tool Works Inc.  
    
  THIRD: The Certificate of Incorporation, as amended to date, is hereby restated without any further amendments or changes as follows: 
    
           1. 
    The name of the corporation is: YOUNG   FRANKLIN INC. (the Corporation). 
              2. 
    The purpose for which the Corporation is formed is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be organized under the Business Corporation Law of New York, provided that it is not formed to engage in any act or activity requiring the consent or approval of any state official, department, board, agency or other body without such consent or approval first being obtained. 
              3. 
    The office of the Corporation is to be located in the Village of Liverpool, County of Onondaga, State of New York.  
              4. 
    The aggregate number of shares which the Corporation shall have authority to issue is 1,000 common shares without par value. 
              5. 
    The Secretary of State is designated as the agent of the Corporation upon whom process against the Corporation may be served. The name and address of the registered agent of the Corporation to which the Secretary of State shall mail a copy of any process against the Corporation served upon him or her is: CT Corporation System, 111 Eighth Avenue, New York, New York 10011. 
              6. 
    The Board of Directors is expressly authorized to adopt, amend or repeal the by-laws of the Corporation (the  by-laws ), provided that any by-law adopted or amended by the Board of Directors may be amended or repealed by the shareholders. 
              7. 
    Any action to be taken by the shareholders by vote may be taken without a meeting on written consent, setting forth the action so taken, signed by the holders of outstanding shares having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted. 
              8. 
    No director of the Corporation shall be personally liable to the Corporation or its shareholders for damages for any breach of duty in such capacity, except as otherwise provided by the Business Corporation Law of New York. 
     FOURTH: The foregoing Restated Certificate of Incorporation was authorized by the board of directors by unanimous written consent on November 7, 2016.  

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Corporation has caused this certificate to be signed by an authorized officer on November 7, 2016. 
    
  YOUNG   FRANKLIN INC. 

By:        /s/ Halle Terrion             
  Name:    Halle Terrion 
  Title:    Secretary 

</EX-3.157>

<EX-3.158>
 21
 exhibit3158.htm
 EXHIBIT 3.158

Exhibit 

Exhibit 3.158 

BY-LAWS OF YOUNG   FRANKLIN INC. 
  ARTICLE I  MEETINGS OF THE SHAREHOLDERS 
  Section 1.01        Annual Meeting.   The annual meeting of the shareholders of the corporation, for the election of directors and for the transaction of such other business as may be set forth in the notice of the meeting, shall be held each year at such time and such place within or without the State of New York as the board of directors shall determine and the notice of the meeting or a duly executed waiver of notice shall specify. 
  Section 1.02        Special Meetings.   Special meetings of the shareholders for any purpose or purposes may be called by the board of directors and shall be held on such date, at such time and place, either within or without the State of New York, as shall be determined by the board of directors and stated in the notice of the meeting. The only business which may be conducted at a special meeting, other than procedural matters and matters relating to the conduct of the meeting, shall be the matter or matters described in the notice of such meeting.  
  Section 1.03        Notice of Meetings.   Written notice of each meeting of the shareholders shall be given, personally or by mail (written or electronic), not fewer than ten nor more than 60 days before the date of the meeting, to each shareholder entitled to vote at such meeting. If mailed, such notice shall be deposited in the United States mail, with first-class postage thereon prepaid, directed to the shareholder at his or her address as it appears on the record of shareholders, or, if a shareholder shall have filed with the Secretary of the corporation a written request that notices to such shareholder be mailed to some other address, then directed to such shareholder at such other address. If transmitted electronically, such notice shall be directed to the shareholder's electronic address supplied to the Secretary of the corporation or as otherwise directed pursuant to the shareholder's authorization or instructions. The notice shall state the place, date and hour of the meeting, the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called if a special meeting and, unless it is the annual meeting, indicate that the notice is being issued by or at the direction of the person or persons calling the meeting. The notice need not refer to the approval of minutes or to other matters normally incident to the conduct of the meeting. Except for such matters, the business which may be transacted at the meeting shall be confined to business which is related to the purpose or purposes set forth in the notice.  
  Section 1.04        Waiver of Notice.   Notice of meeting need not be given to any shareholder who submits a waiver of notice. Waiver of notice may be written or electronic and may be submitted before or after the meeting. The attendance of any shareholder at a meeting,  

in person or by proxy, without protesting prior to the conclusion of the meeting the lack of notice of such meeting, shall constitute a waiver of such notice by him or her. 
  Section 1.05        Procedure.   At each meeting of shareholders, the order of business and all other matters of procedure shall be determined by the person presiding at the meeting. 
  Section 1.06        List of Shareholders.   A list of shareholders as of the record date, certified by the corporate officer responsible for its preparation or by a transfer agent, shall be produced at any meeting of shareholders upon the request thereat or prior thereto of any shareholder. If the right to vote at any meeting is challenged, the inspectors of election, or person presiding thereat, shall require such list of shareholders to be produced as evidence of the right of the persons challenged to vote at such meeting, and all persons who appear from such list to be shareholders entitled to vote thereat may vote at such meeting. 
  Section 1.07        Quorum.   At each meeting of shareholders for the transaction of any business, a quorum must be present to organize such meeting. Except as otherwise provided by law, a quorum shall consist of the holders of a majority of the votes of shares of the corporation entitled to vote at such meeting, present either in person or by proxy. When a quorum is once present to organize a meeting of the shareholders, it is not broken by the subsequent withdrawal of any shareholders. 
  Section 1.08        Adjournments.   The shareholders entitled to vote who are present in person or by proxy at any meeting of shareholders, whether or not a quorum shall be present at the meeting, shall have power by a majority vote to adjourn the meeting from time to time without notice other than announcement at the meeting of the time and place to which the meeting is adjourned. At any adjourned meeting at which a quorum is present any business may be transacted that might have been transacted on the original date of the meeting, and the shareholders entitled to vote at the meeting on the original date (whether or not they were present thereat), and no others, shall be entitled to vote at such adjourned meeting. However, if after the adjournment the board fixes a new record date for the adjourned meeting, notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given to each shareholder of record on the new record date entitled to such notice. 
  Section 1.09        Voting; Proxies.   Each shareholder of record shall be entitled at every meeting of shareholders to one vote for each share having voting power standing in the shareholder's name on the record of shareholders of the corporation on the record date fixed pursuant to   Section 6.03   of these by-laws unless otherwise provided in the certificate of incorporation of the corporation. Each shareholder entitled to vote at a meeting of shareholders may vote in person, or may authorize another person or persons to act for the shareholder by proxy. Any proxy shall be signed by the shareholder or the  

shareholder's duly authorized agent or attorney-in-fact and shall be delivered to the secretary of the meeting. The signature of a shareholder on any proxy, including without limitation a telegram, cablegram, facsimile signature or other means of electronic transmission, may be printed, stamped or written, provided such signature is executed or adopted by the shareholder with intention to authenticate the proxy. No proxy shall be valid after the expiration of 11 months from the date of its execution unless otherwise provided in the proxy. Every proxy shall be revocable at the pleasure of the shareholder executing it, except as otherwise provided by law. 
  Directors shall, except as otherwise provided by law or the certificate of incorporation, be elected by a plurality of the votes cast by the holders of shares entitled to vote in the election. All other corporate action to be taken by vote of the shareholders shall, except as otherwise provided by law, the certificate of incorporation or these by-laws, be authorized by a majority of the votes cast in favor of such action at a meeting of the shareholders. The vote for directors, or upon any corporate action coming before a meeting of shareholders, shall not be by ballot unless the person presiding at such meeting shall so direct or any shareholder, present in person or by proxy and entitled to vote thereon, shall so demand. Except as otherwise provided in the certificate of incorporation, an abstention shall not constitute a vote cast. 
  Section 1.10        Appointment of Inspectors of Election.   The board of directors may, in advance of any meeting of the shareholders, appoint one or more inspectors to act at the meeting or any adjournment thereof, and shall do so if the corporation has a class of voting shares that is listed on a national securities exchange or authorized for quotation on an interdealer quotation system of a registered national securities association. If inspectors are not so appointed in advance of the meeting, the person presiding at such meeting may, and on the request of any shareholder entitled to vote thereat shall, appoint one or more inspectors. In case any inspector appointed fails to appear or act, the vacancy may be filled by appointment made by the board of directors in advance of the meeting or at the meeting by the person presiding thereat. Each inspector, before entering upon the discharge of his or her duties, shall take and sign an oath faithfully to execute the duties of inspector at such meeting with strict impartiality and according to the best of his or her ability. No person who is a candidate for the office of director of the corporation shall act as an inspector at any meeting of the shareholders at which directors are elected. 
  Section 1.11        Duties of Inspectors of Election.   Whenever one or more inspectors of election may be appointed as provided in these by-laws, he or she or they shall determine the number of shares outstanding and entitled to vote, the shares represented at the meeting, the existence of a quorum, and the validity and effect of proxies, and shall receive votes, ballots or consents, hear and determine all challenges and questions arising in connection with the right to vote, count and tabulate all votes, ballots, or consents, determine the result, and do such acts as are proper to conduct the election or vote with fairness to all shareholders. 
  Section 1.12        Written Consent of Shareholders Without a Meeting.   Whenever by law shareholders are required or permitted to take any action by vote, such action may be  

taken without a meeting on written consent, setting forth the action so taken, signed by the holders of outstanding shares having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted. Every written consent shall bear the date of signature of each shareholder who signs the consent, and no written consent shall be effective to take the corporate action referred to therein unless, within 60 days of the earliest dated consent delivered in the manner required by this   Section 1.13  , written consents signed by the requisite holders to take action are delivered to the corporation. Written consent thus given by the holders of all such number of shares as is required under this   Section 1.13   shall have the same effect as a valid vote of holders of such number of shares. Prompt notice of the taking of any corporate action without a meeting by less than unanimous written consent shall be given to those shareholders who have not consented in writing. 
  ARTICLE II DIRECTORS 
    
  Section 2.01        Number and Qualifications.   The board of directors shall consist of one or more members. Subject to any provision as to the number of directors contained in the certificate of incorporation or these by-laws, the exact number of directors shall be fixed from time to time by action of the shareholders or by vote of a majority of the entire board of directors, provided that no decrease in the number of directors shall shorten the term of any incumbent director. If the number of directors be increased at any time, the vacancy or vacancies in the board arising from such increase shall be filled as provided in   Section 2.06  . If the number of directors is not otherwise fixed as provided above, it shall be one. Each of the directors shall be at least 18 years of age. 
  Section 2.02        Powers.   The business of the corporation shall be managed under the direction of the board of directors, which shall have and may exercise all of the powers of the corporation except such as are expressly conferred upon the shareholders by law, by the certificate of incorporation or by these by-laws. 
  Section 2.03        Election and Term of Office.   Except as otherwise provided by law or these by-laws, each director of the corporation shall be elected at an annual meeting of shareholders or at any meeting of the shareholders held in lieu of such annual meeting, which meeting, for the purposes of these by-laws, shall be deemed the annual meeting,  

and shall hold office until the next annual meeting of shareholders and until his or her successor has been elected and qualified. 
  Section 2.04        Resignation.   Any director of the corporation may resign at any time by giving his or her resignation to the President or any Vice President or the Secretary. Such resignation shall take effect at the time specified therein; and, unless otherwise specified therein, the acceptance of such resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective. 
  Section 2.05        Removal of Directors.   Any or all of the directors may be removed with or without for cause by vote of the shareholders. 
  Section 2.06        Vacancies.   Except as otherwise provided by law or these by-laws, newly created directorships resulting from an increase in the number of directors and vacancies occurring in the board of directors for any reason, except the removal of directors without cause, may be filled by vote of a majority of the directors then in office, even if less than a quorum exists. Any such newly created directorships and vacancies occurring in the board of directors for any reason may also be filled by vote of the shareholders at any meeting of shareholders and notice of which shall have referred to the proposed election. If any such newly created directorships or vacancies occurring in the board of directors for any reason shall not be filled prior to the next annual meeting of shareholders, they shall be filled by vote of the shareholders at such annual meeting. A director elected to fill a vacancy, unless elected by the shareholders, shall hold office until the next meeting of shareholders at which the election of directors is in the regular order of business, and until his or her successor has been elected and qualified. 
  Section 2.07        Directors' Fees.   Directors may receive a fee for their services as directors and travelling and other out-of-pocket expenses incurred in attending any regular or special meeting of the board. The fee may be a fixed sum to be paid for attending each meeting of the board of directors or a fixed sum to be paid monthly, quarterly or semi-annually, irrespective of the number of meetings attended or not attended. The amount of the fee, if any, and the basis on which it shall be paid shall be determined by the board of directors. Nothing herein contained shall preclude any director from serving the corporation in any other capacity and receiving compensation for such services. 
  Section 2.08        First Meeting of Newly Elected Directors.   The first meeting of the newly elected board of directors may be held immediately after the annual meeting of shareholders and at the same place as such annual meeting of shareholders, provided a quorum be present, and no notice of such meeting shall be necessary. In the event such first meeting of the newly elected board of directors is not held at said time and place, the same shall be held as provided in   Section 2.09  . 

Section 2.09        Meetings of Directors.   Regular and special meetings of the board of directors may be held at such times and at such places, within or without the State of New York as the board of directors or the President, or, in the absence or disability of the President, any Vice President, may determine. 
  Section 2.10        Notice of Meetings.   Regular meetings of the board of directors may be held without notice if the times and places of such meetings are fixed by the board. Except as provided in the preceding sentence, notice of each regular or special meeting of the board of directors to be held in accordance with   Section 2.09  , stating the time and place thereof, shall be given by the President, the Secretary, any Assistant Secretary or any member of the board to each member of the board (a) not less than three days before the meeting by depositing the notice in the United States mail, with first-class postage thereon prepaid, directed to each member of the board at the address designated by him or her for such purpose (or, if none is designated, at his or her last known address), or (b) not less than 24 hours before the meeting by either (i) delivering the same to each member of the board personally, (ii) sending the same by telephone, telegraph, cable, electronic mail or other transmission method to the address or contact information designated by him or her for such purposes (or, if none is designated, to his or her last known address or other contact information) or (iii) delivering the notice to the address or other contact information designated by him or her for such purpose (or, if none is designated, to his or her last known address or contact information). Notice of a meeting need not be given to any director who submits a signed waiver of notice whether before or after the meeting. The notice of any meeting of the board of directors need not specify the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called, except as provided in   Section 2.06   and as provided in   Article IX   of these by-laws. 
  Section 2.11        Quorum and Action By the Board.   At all meetings of the board of directors, except as otherwise provided by law, the certificate of incorporation or these by-laws, a quorum shall be required for the transaction of business and shall consist of not less than a majority of the entire board, and the vote of a majority of the directors present shall decide any question that may come before the meeting. A majority of the directors present, whether or not a quorum is present, may adjourn any meeting to another time or place without notice other than announcement at the meeting of the time and place to which the meeting is adjourned. 
  Section 2.12        Procedure.   The order of business and all other matters of procedure at every meeting of directors may be determined by the person presiding at the meeting. 
  Section 2.13        Action Without a Meeting.   Any action required or permitted to be taken by the board or any committee thereof may be taken without a meeting if all members of the board or the committee consent in writing to the adoption of a resolution authorizing  

the action. The resolution and the written consents thereto by the members of the board or committee shall be filed with the minutes of the proceedings of the board or committee. 
  Section 2.14        Presence at a Meeting By Telephone.   Unless otherwise restricted by the certificate of incorporation of the corporation, members of the board of directors or any committee thereof may participate in a meeting of such board or committee by means of a conference telephone or similar communications equipment allowing all persons participating in the meeting to hear each other at the same time. Participation in a meeting by such means shall constitute presence in person at such meeting. 
  ARTICLE III COMMITTEES OF DIRECTORS 
    
  Section 3.01        Designation of Committees.   The board of directors, by resolution or resolutions adopted by a majority of the entire board, may designate from among its members an executive committee and other committees, each consisting of one or more directors, and may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any such committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified member or members at any meeting of such committee. In the interim between meetings of the board of directors, the executive committee, if and to the extent permitted in the resolution designating such committee, shall have all the authority of the board of directors except as otherwise provided by law and shall serve at the pleasure of the board of directors. Each other committee so designated shall have such name as may be provided from time to time in the resolution or resolutions, shall serve at the pleasure of the board of directors and shall have, to the extent provided in such resolution or resolutions, all the authority of the board of directors except as otherwise provided by law. 
  Section 3.02        Acts and Proceedings.   All acts done and power and authority conferred by the executive committee from time to time within the scope of its authority shall be, and may be deemed to be, and may be specified as being, the act and under the authority of the board of directors. The executive committee and each other committee shall keep regular minutes of its proceedings and report its actions to the board of directors when required. 
  Section 3.03        Compensation.   Members of the executive committee or of any other committee may receive such compensation for their services as the board of directors shall from time to time determine. 

ARTICLE IV OFFICERS 
    
  Section 4.01        Officers.   The board of directors may annually appoint or elect a President, one or more Vice Presidents, a Secretary and a Treasurer. The board of directors may from time to time appoint or elect such additional officers as it may determine. Such additional officers shall have such titles and such authority and perform such duties as the board of directors may from time to time prescribe. 
  Section 4.02        Term of Office.   The President, each Vice President, the Secretary and the Treasurer shall, unless otherwise determined by the board of directors, hold office until the first meeting of the board following the next annual meeting of shareholders and until their successors have been appointed or elected and qualified. Each additional officer appointed or elected by the board of directors shall hold office for such term as shall be determined from time to time by the board of directors and until his or her successor has been appointed or elected and qualified. Any officer, however, may be removed or have his or her authority suspended by the board of directors at any time, with or without cause. If the office of any officer becomes vacant for any reason, the board of directors shall have the power to fill such vacancy. 
  Section 4.03        The President.   The President shall be the chief executive officer of the corporation. He or she shall preside at all meetings of the shareholders and of the board of directors. He or she shall have the general powers and duties of supervision and management of the corporation which usually pertain to his or her office, and shall perform all such other duties as are properly required of him or her by the board of directors. 
  Section 4.04        The Vice Presidents.   Each Vice President may be designated by such title as the board of directors may determine, and each such Vice President in such order of seniority as may be determined by the board, shall, in the absence or disability of the President, or at his or her request, perform the duties and exercise the powers of the President. Each Vice President also shall have such powers and perform such duties as usually pertain to his or her office or as are properly required of him or her by the board of directors. 
  Section 4.05        The Secretary and Assistant Secretaries.   The Secretary shall issue notices of all meetings of shareholders and directors where notices of such meetings are required by law or these by-laws. He or she shall attend all meetings of shareholders and of the board of directors and keep the minutes thereof. He or she shall affix the corporate seal to and sign such instruments as require the seal and his or her signature and shall  

perform such other duties as usually pertain to his or her office or as are properly required of him or her by the board of directors. 
  Each Assistant Secretary may, in the absence or disability of the Secretary, or at his or her request or the request of the President, perform the duties and exercise the powers of the Secretary, and shall perform such other duties as the board of directors shall prescribe. 
  Section 4.06        The Treasurer and Assistant Treasurers.   The Treasurer shall have the care and custody of all the moneys and securities of the corporation. He or she shall cause to be entered in books of the corporation to be kept for that purpose full and accurate accounts of all moneys received by him or her and paid by him or her on account of the corporation. The Treasurer shall make and sign such reports, statements and instruments as may be required of him or her by the board of directors or by the laws of the United States or by any state, country or other jurisdiction in which the corporation transacts business, and shall perform such other duties as usually pertain to his or her office or as are properly required of him or her by the board of directors. 
  Each Assistant Treasurer may, in the absence or disability of the Treasurer, or at his or her request or the request of the President, perform the duties and exercise the powers of the Treasurer and shall perform such other duties as the board of directors shall prescribe. 
  Section 4.07        Officers Holding Two or More Offices.   Any two or more offices may be held by the same person. When all the issued and outstanding shares of the corporation are held by one individual, such individual may hold all or any combination of offices. 
  Section 4.08        Duties of Officers May be Delegated.   In case of the absence or disability of any officer of the corporation or in case of a vacancy in any office or for any other reason that the board of directors may deem sufficient, the board of directors, except as otherwise provided by law, may temporarily delegate the powers or duties of any officer to any other officer or to any director. 
  Section 4.09        Compensation.   The compensation of the President shall be determined by the board of directors. The compensation of all other employees shall be fixed by the President or the President's designees within such limits as may be prescribed by the board of directors. 
  Section 4.10        Security.   The board of directors may require any officer, agent or employee of the corporation to give security for the faithful performance of his or her  

duties, in such amount as may be satisfactory to the board. Such security may be in the form of a fidelity bond obtained by the corporation at its expense.  
  ARTICLE V  INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS 
    
  Section 5.01        Right of Indemnification.   Each director or officer of the corporation, whether or not then in office, and any person whose testator or intestate was such a director or officer, shall be indemnified by the corporation for the defense of, or in connection with, any threatened, pending or completed actions or proceedings and appeals therein, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, in accordance with and to the fullest extent permitted by the Business Corporation Law of the State of New York or other applicable law, as such law now exists or may hereafter be adopted or amended, against, without limitation, all judgments, fines, amounts paid in settlements, and all expenses, including attorneys' and other experts' fees, costs and disbursements, actually and reasonably incurred by such person as a result of such action or proceeding, or actually and reasonably incurred by such person (a) in making an application for payment of such expenses before any court or other governmental body, (b) in otherwise seeking to enforce the provisions of this   Section 5.01  , or (c) in securing or enforcing such person's right under any policy or director or officer liability insurance provided by the corporation; provided, however, that the corporation shall provide indemnification in connection with an action or proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such a director or officer only if such action or proceeding (or part thereof) was authorized by the board of directors.  
  Section 5.02        Advancement of Expenses.   Expenses incurred by a director or officer in connection with any action or proceeding as to which indemnification may be given under   Section 5.01   may be paid by the corporation in advance of the final disposition of such action or proceeding upon (a) the receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of such director or officer to repay such advancement in case such director or officer is ultimately found not to be entitled to indemnification as authorized by this Article V and (b) approval by the board of directors acting by a quorum consisting of directors who are not parties to such action or proceeding or, if such a quorum is not obtainable, then approval by the shareholders. To the extent permitted by law, the board of directors or, if applicable, the shareholders, shall not be required to find that the director or officer has met the applicable standard of conduct provided by law for indemnification in connection with such action or proceeding before the corporation makes any advance payment of expenses hereunder. 
  Section 5.03        Availability and Interpretation.   To the extent permitted under applicable law, the rights of indemnification and to the advancement of expenses provided in this Article V (a) shall be available with respect to events occurring prior to the adoption of  

this Article V, (b) shall continue to exist after any rescission or restrictive amendment of this Article V with respect to events occurring prior to such rescission or amendment, (c) shall be interpreted on the basis of applicable law in effect at the time of the occurrence of the event or events giving rise to the action or proceeding or, at the sole discretion of the director or officer or, if applicable, the testator or intestate of such director or officer seeking such rights, on the basis of applicable law in effect at the time such rights are claimed and (d) shall be in the nature of contract rights that may be enforced in any court of competent jurisdiction as if the corporation and the director or officer for whom such rights are sought were parties to a separate written agreement. 
  Section 5.04        Other Rights.   The rights of indemnification and to the advancement of expenses provided in this Article V shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which any director or officer of the corporation or other person may now or hereafter be otherwise entitled whether contained in the certificate of incorporation, these by-laws, a resolution of the shareholders, a resolution of the board of directors or an agreement providing for such indemnification, the creation of such other rights being hereby expressly authorized. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the rights of indemnification and to the advancement of expenses provided in this Article V shall not be deemed exclusive of any rights, pursuant to statute or otherwise, of any director or officer of the corporation or other person in any action or proceeding to have assessed or allowed in his or her favor, against the corporation or otherwise, his or her costs and expenses incurred therein or in connection therewith or any part thereof. 
  Section 5.05        Severability.   If this Article V or any part hereof shall be held unenforceable in any respect by a court of competent jurisdiction, it shall be deemed modified to the minimum extent necessary to make it enforceable, and the remainder of this Article V shall remain fully enforceable. 
  ARTICLE VI SHARES 
  Section 6.01        Certificate of Shares.   The shares of the corporation shall be represented by certificates which shall be numbered and shall be entered in the records of the corporation as they are issued. Each share certificate shall when issued state upon the face thereof that the corporation is formed under the laws of the State of New York, the name of the person or persons to whom issued, and the number and class of shares and the designation of the series, if any, which such certificate represents and shall be signed by the President or a Vice President and by the Treasurer, an Assistant Treasurer, the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary, and shall be sealed with the seal of the corporation or a facsimile thereof. The signatures of the officers upon a certificate may be facsimiles if (a) the certificate is countersigned by a transfer agent or registered by a registrar other than the corporation itself or its employee or (b) the corporation's shares are listed on a registered national securities exchange. In case any officer who has signed or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon a certificate shall have ceased to be such officer before such certificate is issued, it may be issued by the corporation with the same effect as if he or she were such officer at the date of issue. No certificate shall be valid until  

countersigned by a transfer agent if the corporation has a transfer agent, or until registered by a registrar if the corporation has a registrar. 
  Section 6.02        Transfers of Shares.   Shares of the corporation shall be transferable on the books of the corporation by the holder thereof, in person or by duly authorized attorney, upon the surrender of the certificate representing the shares to be transferred, properly endorsed. Except as otherwise provided by law, the corporation shall be entitled to treat the holder of record of any share as the owner thereof and shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to or interest in such share on the part of any other person whether or not it shall have express or other notice thereof. The board of directors, to the extent permitted by law, shall have power and authority to make all rules and regulations as it may deem expedient concerning the issue, transfer and registration of share certificates and may appoint one or more transfer agents and registrars of the shares of the corporation. 
  Section 6.03        Fixing of Record Time.   The board of directors may fix, in advance, a day and hour not more than 60 days nor less than ten days before the date on which any meeting of the shareholders entitled to notice of and to vote at such meeting and at all adjournments thereof shall be determined; and, in the event such record date and time are fixed by the board of directors, no one other than the holders of record on such date and time of shares entitled to notice of and to vote at such meeting shall be entitled to notice of or to vote at such meeting or any adjournment thereof. If a record date and time shall not be fixed by the board of directors for the determination of shareholders entitled to notice of and to vote at any meeting of the shareholders, shareholders of record at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which notice of such meeting is given, and no others, shall be entitled to notice of and to vote at such meeting or any adjournment thereof; provided, however, that if no notice of such meeting is given, shareholders of record at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which such meeting is held, and no others, shall be entitled to vote at such meeting or any adjournment thereof. 
  The board of directors may fix, in advance, a day and hour not more than 60 days before the date fixed for the payment of a dividend of any kind or the allotment of any rights, as the record time for the determination of shareholders entitled to receive such dividend or rights, and in such case only shareholders of record at the date and time so fixed shall be entitled to receive such dividend or rights;   provided, however  , that if no record date and time for the determination of shareholders entitled to receive such dividend or rights are fixed, shareholders of record at the close of business on the day on  

which the resolution of the board of directors authorizing the payment of such dividend or the allotment of such rights is adopted shall be entitled to receive such dividend or rights. 
  Section 6.04        Record of Shareholders.   The corporation shall keep at its office in the State of New York, or at the office of its transfer agent or registrar in this state, a record containing the names and addresses of all shareholders, the number and class of shares held by each and the dates when they respectively became the owners of record thereof. 
  Section 6.05        Lost Share Certificates.   The board of directors may in its discretion cause a new certificate for shares to be issued by the corporation in place of any certificate theretofore issued by it, alleged to have been lost or destroyed, and the board may require the owner of the lost or destroyed certificate, or his or her legal representatives, to give the corporation a bond sufficient to indemnify the corporation against any claim that may be made against it on account of the alleged loss or destruction of any such certificate or the issuance of any such new certificate; but the board of directors may in its discretion refuse to issue such new certificate save upon the order of a court having jurisdiction in such matters. 
  ARTICLE VII FINANCES 
  Section 7.01        Corporate Funds.   The funds of the corporation shall be deposited in its name with such banks, trust companies or other depositories as the board of directors or the officers may from time to time designate. All checks, notes, drafts and other negotiable instruments of the corporation shall be signed by such officer or officers, employee or employees, agent or agents as the board of directors may from time to time designate. No officers, employees or agents of the corporation, alone or with others, shall have power to make any checks, notes, drafts or other negotiable instruments in the name of the corporation or to bind the corporation thereby, except as provided in this section. 
  Section 7.02        Fiscal Year.   The fiscal year of the corporation shall be designated by resolution of the board of directors.   
  Section 7.03        Loans to Directors.   The corporation may not lend money to or guarantee the obligation of a director of the corporation unless (a) the particular loan or guarantee is approved by the shareholders, with the holders of a majority of the shares entitled to vote thereon constituting a quorum, but shares held of record or beneficially by directors who are benefited by such loan or guarantee shall not be entitled to vote or to be included in the determination of a quorum, or (b) the board determines that the loan or guarantee benefits the corporation and either approves the specific loan or guarantee or a general  

plan authorizing loans and guarantees. The fact that a loan or guarantee is made in violation of this section does not affect the borrower's liability on the loan. 
  ARTICLE VIII  CORPORATE SEAL 
    
  Section 8.01        Form of Seal.   The seal of the corporation, if it elects to have one, shall be in such form as may be determined from time to time by the board of directors. The seal on any corporate obligation for the payment of money may be facsimile. 
  ARTICLE IX  AMENDMENTS 
    
  Section 9.01        Procedure for Amending By-laws.   By-laws of the corporation may be adopted, amended or repealed at any meeting of shareholders, notice of which shall have referred to the proposed action, by a majority of the votes cast by the holders of the shares of the corporation at the time entitled to vote in the election of any directors, or at any meeting of the board of directors, notice of which shall have referred to the proposed action, by the vote of a majority of the entire board of directors. 

</EX-3.158>

<EX-3.159>
 22
 exhibit3159.htm
 EXHIBIT 3.159

Exhibit 

Exhibit 3.159 

CERTIFICATE OF FORMATION 
   OF 
  BETA TRANSFORMER TECHNOLOGY LLC 

The undersigned, an authorized natural person  ,   for the purpose of forming a limited liability company under the provisions and subject to the requirements of the Limited Liability Company Act of the State of Delaware. hereby certifies that  : 
    
  FIRST: The name of the limited liability company is Beta Transformer Technology LLC. 
    
  SECOND: The address of its registered office in the State of Delaware is: 2711     Ccnterville Road, Suite 400. in the City of Wilmington. County of New Castle  ,   Delaware 19808. The name of its registered agent at such address is Corporation Service Company. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF  ,   the undersigned has executed this Certificate of Formation on May 30, 2013. 

By:      Isl     Vedran I.     Bus  ija     Name: Vedran   I.   Busija 

</EX-3.159>

<EX-4.9>
 23
 exhibit49.htm
 EXHIBIT 4.9

Exhibit 

Exhibit 4.9 

TRANSDIGM INC.,  
  TRANSDIGM GROUP INCORPORATED,  
  THE GUARANTORS NAMED HEREIN,  
  AND  
  THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, N.A.,  
  as Trustee  
  
  SEVENTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE  
  Dated as of April 1, 2016  
  to  
  Indenture  
  Dated as of October 15, 2012  
  by and among  
  TRANSDIGM INC.,  
  TRANSDIGM GROUP INCORPORATED,  
  THE GUARANTORS NAMED THEREIN,  
  AND  
  THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, N.A.,  
  as Trustee  
  
  5.50% Senior Subordinated Notes due 2020  
  of TransDigm Inc.  

This   SEVENTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE   (this    Supplemental Indenture   ), dated as of April 1, 2016, by and among Breeze-Eastern LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the    Guaranteeing Subsidiary   ), TransDigm Inc., a Delaware corporation (the    Company   ), TransDigm Group Incorporated, a Delaware corporation (   TD Group   ), Adams Rite Aerospace, Inc., a California corporation (   Adams Rite   ), MarathonNorco Aerospace, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Marathon   ), Champion Aerospace LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Champion   ), Avionic Instruments LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Avionic   ), Skurka Aerospace Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Skurka   ), CDA InterCorp LLC, a Florida limited liability company (   CDA   ), Aviation Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   ATI   ), AvtechTyee, Inc., a Washington corporation (   Avtech   ), Transicoil LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Transicoil   ), AeroControlex Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   AeroControlex   ), Bruce Aerospace Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Bruce Aerospace   ), CEF Industries, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   CEF   ), Acme Aerospace, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Acme   ), Dukes Aerospace, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Dukes   ), Semco Instruments, Inc., a Delaware corporation, (   Semco   ), Hartwell Corporation, a California corporation (   Hartwell   ), McKechnie Aerospace DE, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   McKechnie Aerospace DE   ), McKechnie Aerospace Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   McKechnie Aerospace Holdings   ), McKechnie Aerospace Investments, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   McKechnie Aerospace Investments   ), McKechnie Aerospace US LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   McKechnie Aerospace US   ), Texas Rotronics, Inc., a Texas corporation (   Rotronics   ), Electromech Technologies LLC (formerly Western Sky Industries, LLC), a Delaware limited liability company (   Electromech   ), Schneller LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Schneller   ), HARCO LLC (formerly Harco Laboratories, Incorporated), a Connecticut limited liability company (   HARCO   ), AmSafe Global Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   AmSafe Global   ), Bridport Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Bridport Holdings   ), AmSafe, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   AmSafe Inc.   ), Shield Restraint Systems, Inc. (formerly AmSafe Commercial Products, Inc.), a Delaware corporation (   Shield   ), Bridport-Air Carrier, Inc., a Washington corporation (   Bridport-Air   ), Bridport Erie Aviation, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Bridport Erie   ), Arkwin Industries, Inc., a New York corporation (   Arkwin   ), Whippany Actuation Systems, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Whippany   ), Aerosonic LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Aerosonic   ), Avionics Specialties, Inc., a Virginia corporation (   Avionics Specialties   ), Airborne Global, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Airborne Global   ), Airborne Holdings, Inc., a Delaware Corporation (   Airborne Holdings   ), Airborne Acquisition, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Airborne Acquisitions   ), Airborne Systems NA Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Airborne Systems NA   ), Airborne Systems North America Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Airborne Systems North America   ), Airborne Systems North America of CA Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Airborne Systems North America CA   ), Airborne Systems North America of NJ Inc., a New Jersey corporation (   Airborne Systems North America NJ   ), Telair US LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Telair US   ), Telair International LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Telair International   ), Pexco Aerospace, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Pexco Aerospace   ) and PneuDraulics, Inc., a California corporation (collectively with TD Group, Adams Rite, Marathon, Champion, Avionic, Skurka, CDA, ATI, Avtech, Transicoil, AeroControlex, Bruce Aerospace, CEF, Acme, Dukes, Semco, Hartwell, McKechnie Aerospace DE, McKechnie Aerospace Holdings, McKechnie Aerospace Investments, McKechnie Aerospace US, Rotronics, Electromech, Schneller, HARCO, AmSafe Global, Bridport Holdings, AmSafe Inc., Shield, Bridport-Air, Bridport Erie, Arkwin, Whippany, Aerosonic, Avionics Specialties, Airborne Global, Airborne Holdings, Airborne Acquisitions, Airborne Systems NA, Airborne Systems North America, Airborne Systems North America CA, Airborne Systems North America NJ, Telair US, Telair International and Pexco Aerospace, the    Existing Guarantors   ), and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (the    Trustee   ) under the Indenture referred to below. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meaning assigned to them in the Indenture. 
  
   - 2 -     

WITNESSETH:  
  WHEREAS  , the Company and the Existing Guarantors have heretofore executed and delivered to the Trustee an indenture, dated as of October 15, 2012 (as supplemented by the First Supplemental Indenture thereto, dated as of June 5, 2013, the Second Supplemental Indenture thereto, dated as of June 26, 2013, the Third Supplemental Indenture thereto, dated as of December 19, 2013, the Fourth Supplemental Indenture thereto, dated as of April 9, 215, the Fifth Supplemental Indenture thereto, dated as of June 12, 2015, and the Sixth Supplemental Indenture thereto, dated as of August 28, 2015, the    Indenture   ), providing for the issuance by the Company of 5.50% Senior Subordinated Notes due 2020 (the    Notes   ) and the guarantees thereof by each of the Existing Guarantors;  
  WHEREAS  , the Indenture provides that under certain circumstances described therein, newly created or acquired Domestic Restricted Subsidiaries shall execute and deliver to the Trustee a supplemental indenture to the Indenture providing for a senior subordinated guarantee of payment of the Notes by such Domestic Restricted Subsidiary (the    Guarantee     
  WHEREAS  , all things necessary to make this Supplemental Indenture the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company, the Existing Guarantors and the Guaranteeing Subsidiary have been done; and  
  WHEREAS  , pursuant to Section 9.01(g) of the Indenture, the Trustee is authorized to execute and deliver this Supplemental Indenture without the consent of the Holders of the Notes.  
  NOW, THEREFORE  , in consideration of the foregoing and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the Guaranteeing Subsidiary covenants and agrees for the equal and ratable benefit of the Holders of the Notes as follows:  
           1. 
    CAPITALIZED TERMS  . Capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture.  
              2. 
    GUARANTEE, ETC  . The Guaranteeing Subsidiary hereby agrees that from and after the date hereof it shall be a Guarantor under the Indenture and be bound by the terms thereof applicable to Guarantors and shall be entitled to all of the rights and subject to all the obligations of a Guarantor thereunder.  
              3. 
    RATIFICATION OF INDENTURE; SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE PART OF INDENTURE  . The Indenture is in all respects ratified and confirmed and all the terms, conditions and provisions thereof shall remain in full force and effect. This Supplemental Indenture shall form a part of the Indenture for all purposes, and every holder of Notes heretofore or hereafter authenticated and delivered shall be bound hereby.  
              4. 
    EXECUTION AND DELIVERY  . The Guaranteeing Subsidiary agrees that the Guarantee granted by it pursuant to the terms hereof shall remain in full force and effect notwithstanding any failure to endorse on each Note a notation of such Guarantee.  
              5. 
    NO RECOURSE AGAINST OTHERS  . No past, present or future director, officer, employee, incorporator, stockholder or agent of the Guaranteeing Subsidiary (or any successor entity) (other than the Company or the Existing Guarantors), as such, shall have any liability for any obligations of the Company, TD Group, the Guaranteeing Subsidiary or any other Guarantor under the Notes, any Guarantee, the Indenture or this Supplemental Indenture or for any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason of, such obligations or their creation. Each Holder of the Notes by accepting a Note waives and releases all such liability. The waiver and release are part of the consideration for issuance of the Notes.  
              6. 
    NEW YORK LAW TO GOVERN  . THE INTERNAL LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SHALL GOVERN AND BE USED TO CONSTRUE THIS SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE AND THE GUARANTEE GRANTED HEREUNDER WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO APPLICABLE  
     
   - 3 -     

PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAW TO THE EXTENT THAT THE APPLICATION OF THE LAWS OF ANOTHER JURISDICTION WOULD BE REQUIRED THEREBY.  
           7. 
    COUNTERPART ORIGINALS  . The parties may sign any number of copies of this Supplemental Indenture. Each signed copy shall be an original, but all of them together represent the same agreement.  
              8. 
    EFFECT OF HEADINGS  . The Section headings have been inserted for convenience of reference only, are not to be considered part of this Supplemental Indenture and shall in no way modify or restrict any of the terms or provisions hereof.  
              9. 
    THE TRUSTEE  . The Trustee shall not be responsible in any manner whatsoever for or in respect of the validity or sufficiency of this Supplemental Indenture or for or in respect of the recitals contained herein, all of which recitals are made solely by the Guaranteeing Subsidiary, the Existing Guarantors and the Company.  
     [Signature page follows.] 
  
   - 4 -     

IN WITNESS WHEREOF  , the parties hereto have caused this Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed as of the date hereof.  
  TRANSDIGM INC. 
           By: 
    /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
              Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title:  
    Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
     TRANSDIGM GROUP INCORPORATED 
           By: 
    /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
              Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title 
    Executive Vice President and Chief   Financial Officer 
       
  ACME AEROSPACE, INC. 
  ADAMS RITE AEROSPACE, INC. 
  AEROCONTROLEX GROUP, INC. 
  AIRBORNE ACQUISITION, INC. 
  AIRBORNE GLOBAL, INC. 
  AIRBORNE HOLDINGS, INC. 
  AIRBORNE SYSTEMS NORTH AMERICA OF CA INC. 
  AIRBORNE SYSTEMS NORTH AMERICA OF NJ INC. 
  AMSAFE GLOBAL HOLDINGS, INC. 
  AMSAFE, INC. 
  ARKWIN INDUSTRIES, INC. 
  AVIATION TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
  AVTECHTYEE, INC. 
  BRIDPORT-AIR CARRIER, INC. 
  BRIDPORT HOLDINGS, INC. 
  BRUCE AEROSPACE INC. 
  HARTWELL CORPORATION 
  MARATHONNORCO AEROSPACE, INC. 
  MCKECHNIE AEROSPACE DE, INC. 
  MCKECHNIE AEROSPACE US LLC 
           By: 
    McKechnie Aerospace DE, Inc., its sole member 
     SHIELD RESTRAINT SYSTEMS, INC. 
  SEMCO INSTRUMENTS, INC. 
  SKURKA AEROSPACE INC. 
  
   [Signature Page to the Seventh Supplemental Indenture   2020 Notes] 

TEXAS ROTRONICS, INC. 
  TRANSICOIL LLC 
           By: 
    Aviation Technologies, Inc., its sole member 
     By:      /s/ Gregory Rufus     
           Name: 
    Gregory Rufus 
              Title: 
    Chief Executive Officer 
     AEROSONIC LLC 
  AVIONIC INSTRUMENTS LLC 
  BREEZE-EASTERN LLC 
  CDA INTERCORP LLC 
  CEF INDUSTRIES, LLC 
  CHAMPION AEROSPACE LLC 
  HARCO LLC 
  SCHNELLER LLC 
  TELAIR INTERNATIONAL LLC 
  TELAIR US LLC 
  WHIPPANY ACTUATION SYSTEMS, LLC     
  By:    TransDigm Inc., its sole member 
    
  By:      /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
           Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title: 
    Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
       
  AIRBORNE SYSTEMS NA INC. 
  AIRBORNE SYSTEMS NORTH AMERICA INC. 
  AVIONICS SPECIALTIES, INC. 
  ELECTROMECH TECHNOLOGIES LLC 
           By: 
    McKechnie Aerospace Investments, Inc., its sole member 
     MCKECHNIE AEROSPACE HOLDINGS, INC. 
  MCKECHNIE AEROSPACE INVESTMENTS, INC. 
  By:      /s/ Gregory Rufus     
           Name: 
    Gregory Rufus 
              Title: 
    President 
       
  BRIDPORT ERIE AVIATION, INC. 
  By:      /s/ Gregory Rufus     
           Name: 
    Gregory Rufus 
              Title: 
    Vice President and Treasurer 
       
  DUKES AEROSPACE, INC. 
  By:      /s/ Gregory Rufus     
           Name: 
    Gregory Rufus 
              Title: 
    Chairman of the Board 
       
  PEXCO AEROSPACE, INC. 
  By:      /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
           Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 

[Signature Page to the Seventh Supplemental Indenture   2020 Notes] 

Title: 
    President 

PNEUDRAULICS, INC. 
  By:      /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
           Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title: 
    Chief Executive Officer 

[Signature Page to the Seventh Supplemental Indenture   2020 Notes] 

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, N.A., AS TRUSTEE 
  By:          /s/ Lawrence M. Kusch     
           Name: 
    Lawrence M. Kusch 
              Title: 
    Vice President 

[Signature Page to the Seventh Supplemental Indenture   2020 Notes] 

</EX-4.9>

<EX-4.10>
 24
 exhibit410.htm
 EXHIBIT 4.10

Exhibit 

Exhibit 4.10 

TRANSDIGM INC., 
  TRANSDIGM GROUP INCORPORATED,  
  THE GUARANTORS NAMED HEREIN,  
  AND  
  THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, N.A.,  
  as Trustee  
  
  EIGHTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE  
  Dated as of July 8, 2016  
  to  
  Indenture  
  Dated as of October 15, 2012  
  by and among  
  TRANSDIGM INC.,  
  TRANSDIGM GROUP INCORPORATED,  
  THE GUARANTORS NAMED THEREIN,  
  AND  
  THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, N.A.,  
  as Trustee  
  
  5.50% Senior Subordinated Notes due 2020  
  of TransDigm Inc.  

This   EIGHTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE   (this    Supplemental Indenture   ), dated as of July 8, 2016, by and among ILC Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   ILC Holdings   ), ILC Industries, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   ILC Industries   ), Data Device Corporation, a Delaware corporation (   DDC   ), Beta Transformer Technology Corporation, a New York corporation (   Beta Corporation   ), and Beta Transformer Technology LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Beta LLC    and, together with ILC Holdings, ILC Industries, DDC and Beta Corporation, the    Guaranteeing Subsidiaries   ), TransDigm Inc., a Delaware corporation (the    Company   ), TransDigm Group Incorporated, a Delaware corporation (   TD Group   ), Adams Rite Aerospace, Inc., a California corporation (   Adams Rite   ), MarathonNorco Aerospace, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Marathon   ), Champion Aerospace LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Champion   ), Avionic Instruments LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Avionic   ), Skurka Aerospace Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Skurka   ), CDA InterCorp LLC, a Florida limited liability company (   CDA   ), Aviation Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   ATI   ), AvtechTyee, Inc., a Washington corporation (   Avtech   ), Transicoil LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Transicoil   ), AeroControlex Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   AeroControlex   ), Bruce Aerospace Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Bruce Aerospace   ), CEF Industries, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   CEF   ), Acme Aerospace, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Acme   ), Dukes Aerospace, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Dukes   ), Semco Instruments, Inc., a Delaware corporation, (   Semco   ), Hartwell Corporation, a California corporation (   Hartwell   ), McKechnie Aerospace DE, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   McKechnie Aerospace DE   ), McKechnie Aerospace Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   McKechnie Aerospace Holdings   ), McKechnie Aerospace Investments, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   McKechnie Aerospace Investments   ), McKechnie Aerospace US LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   McKechnie Aerospace US   ), Texas Rotronics, Inc., a Texas corporation (   Rotronics   ), Electromech Technologies LLC (formerly Western Sky Industries, LLC), a Delaware limited liability company (   Electromech   ), Schneller LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Schneller   ), HARCO LLC (formerly Harco Laboratories, Incorporated), a Connecticut limited liability company (   HARCO   ), AmSafe Global Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   AmSafe Global   ), Bridport Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Bridport Holdings   ), AmSafe, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   AmSafe Inc.   ), Shield Restraint Systems, Inc. (formerly AmSafe Commercial Products, Inc.), a Delaware corporation (   Shield   ), Bridport-Air Carrier, Inc., a Washington corporation (   Bridport-Air   ), Bridport Erie Aviation, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Bridport Erie   ), Arkwin Industries, Inc., a New York corporation (   Arkwin   ), Whippany Actuation Systems, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Whippany   ), Aerosonic LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Aerosonic   ), Avionics Specialties, Inc., a Virginia corporation (   Avionics Specialties   ), Airborne Global, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Airborne Global   ), Airborne Holdings, Inc., a Delaware Corporation (   Airborne Holdings   ), Airborne Acquisition, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Airborne Acquisitions   ), Airborne Systems NA Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Airborne Systems NA   ), Airborne Systems North America Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Airborne Systems North America   ), Airborne Systems North America of CA Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Airborne Systems North America CA   ), Airborne Systems North America of NJ Inc., a New Jersey corporation (   Airborne Systems North America NJ   ), Telair US LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Telair US   ), Telair International LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Telair International   ), Pexco Aerospace, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Pexco Aerospace   ), PneuDraulics, Inc., a California corporation (   PneuDraulics   ) and Breeze-Eastern LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (collectively with TD Group, Adams Rite, Marathon, Champion, Avionic, Skurka, CDA, ATI, Avtech, Transicoil, AeroControlex, Bruce Aerospace, CEF, Acme, Dukes, Semco, Hartwell, McKechnie Aerospace DE, McKechnie Aerospace Holdings, McKechnie Aerospace Investments, McKechnie Aerospace US, Rotronics, Electromech, Schneller, HARCO, AmSafe Global, Bridport Holdings, AmSafe Inc., Shield, Bridport-Air, Bridport Erie, Arkwin, Whippany, Aerosonic, Avionics Specialties, Airborne Global, Airborne Holdings, Airborne Acquisitions, Airborne Systems NA, Airborne Systems North America, Airborne Systems North America CA, Airborne Systems North America NJ, Telair US, Telair International, Pexco Aerospace and PneuDraulics, the    Existing Guarantors   ), and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (the    Trustee   ) under the Indenture referred to below. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meaning assigned to them in the Indenture. 
  
   - 2 -     

WITNESSETH:  
  WHEREAS  , the Company and the Existing Guarantors have heretofore executed and delivered to the Trustee an indenture, dated as of October 15, 2012 (as supplemented by the First Supplemental Indenture thereto, dated as of June 5, 2013, the Second Supplemental Indenture thereto, dated as of June 26, 2013, the Third Supplemental Indenture thereto, dated as of December 19, 2013, the Fourth Supplemental Indenture thereto, dated as of April 9, 215, the Fifth Supplemental Indenture thereto, dated as of June 12, 2015, the Sixth Supplemental Indenture thereto, dated as of August 28, 2015 and the Seventh Supplemental Indenture thereto, dated as of April 1, 2016, the    Indenture   ), providing for the issuance by the Company of 5.50% Senior Subordinated Notes due 2020 (the    Notes   ) and the guarantees thereof by each of the Existing Guarantors;  
  WHEREAS  , the Indenture provides that under certain circumstances described therein, newly created or acquired Domestic Restricted Subsidiaries shall execute and deliver to the Trustee a supplemental indenture to the Indenture providing for a senior subordinated guarantee of payment of the Notes by such Domestic Restricted Subsidiary (the    Guarantee     
  WHEREAS  , all things necessary to make this Supplemental Indenture the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company, the Existing Guarantors and the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries have been done; and  
  WHEREAS  , pursuant to Section 9.01(g) of the Indenture, the Trustee is authorized to execute and deliver this Supplemental Indenture without the consent of the Holders of the Notes.  
  NOW, THEREFORE  , in consideration of the foregoing and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, each of the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries covenants and agrees for the equal and ratable benefit of the Holders of the Notes as follows:  
           1. 
    CAPITALIZED TERMS  . Capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture.  
              2. 
    GUARANTEE, ETC  . Each of the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries hereby agrees that from and after the date hereof it shall be a Guarantor under the Indenture and be bound by the terms thereof applicable to Guarantors and shall be entitled to all of the rights and subject to all the obligations of a Guarantor thereunder.  
              3. 
    RATIFICATION OF INDENTURE; SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE PART OF INDENTURE  . The Indenture is in all respects ratified and confirmed and all the terms, conditions and provisions thereof shall remain in full force and effect. This Supplemental Indenture shall form a part of the Indenture for all purposes, and every holder of Notes heretofore or hereafter authenticated and delivered shall be bound hereby.  
              4. 
    EXECUTION AND DELIVERY  . Each of the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries agrees that the Guarantee granted by it pursuant to the terms hereof shall remain in full force and effect notwithstanding any failure to endorse on each Note a notation of such Guarantee.  
              5. 
    NO RECOURSE AGAINST OTHERS  . No past, present or future director, officer, employee, incorporator, stockholder or agent of any of the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries (or any successor entity) (other than the Company or the Existing Guarantors), as such, shall have any liability for any obligations of the Company, TD Group, the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries or any other Guarantor under the Notes, any Guarantee, the Indenture or this Supplemental Indenture or for any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason of, such obligations or their creation. Each Holder of the Notes by accepting a Note waives and releases all such liability. The waiver and release are part of the consideration for issuance of the Notes.  
              6. 
    NEW YORK LAW TO GOVERN  . THE INTERNAL LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SHALL GOVERN AND BE USED TO CONSTRUE THIS SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE AND THE GUARANTEE GRANTED HEREUNDER WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO APPLICABLE  
     
   - 3 -     

PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAW TO THE EXTENT THAT THE APPLICATION OF THE LAWS OF ANOTHER JURISDICTION WOULD BE REQUIRED THEREBY.  
           7. 
    COUNTERPART ORIGINALS  . The parties may sign any number of copies of this Supplemental Indenture. Each signed copy shall be an original, but all of them together represent the same agreement.  
              8. 
    EFFECT OF HEADINGS  . The Section headings have been inserted for convenience of reference only, are not to be considered part of this Supplemental Indenture and shall in no way modify or restrict any of the terms or provisions hereof.  
              9. 
    THE TRUSTEE  . The Trustee shall not be responsible in any manner whatsoever for or in respect of the validity or sufficiency of this Supplemental Indenture or for or in respect of the recitals contained herein, all of which recitals are made solely by the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries, the Existing Guarantors and the Company.  
     [Signature page follows.] 
  
   - 4 -     

IN WITNESS WHEREOF  , the parties hereto have caused this Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed as of the date hereof.  
  TRANSDIGM INC. 
           By: 
    /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
              Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title:  
    Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
     TRANSDIGM GROUP INCORPORATED 
           By: 
    /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
              Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title 
    Executive Vice President and Chief   Financial Officer  
       
  ACME AEROSPACE, INC. 
  ADAMS RITE AEROSPACE, INC. 
  AIRBORNE SYSTEMS NORTH AMERICA OF NJ INC. 
  AMSAFE GLOBAL HOLDINGS, INC. 
  AMSAFE, INC. 
  ARKWIN INDUSTRIES, INC. 
  AVTECHTYEE, INC. 
  BRUCE AEROSPACE INC. 
  DUKES AEROSPACE, INC. 
  ELECTROMECH TECHNOLOGIES LLC 
  By:    McKechnie Aerospace Investments, Inc., its sole  
                      member 
  HARTWELL CORPORATION 
  MARATHONNORCO AEROSPACE, INC. 
  MCKECHNIE AEROSPACE INVESTMENTS, INC. 
  PEXCO AEROSPACE, INC. 
  PNEUDRAULICS, INC. 
  SHIELD RESTRAINT SYSTEMS, INC. 
  SEMCO INSTRUMENTS, INC. 
  SKURKA AEROSPACE INC. 
  TEXAS ROTRONICS, INC. 
  By:      /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
           Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title: 
    Chief Executive Officer 

[Signature page to the Eighth Supplemental Indenture   2020 Notes] 

AEROCONTROLEX GROUP, INC. 
  AIRBORNE ACQUISITION, INC. 
  AIRBORNE GLOBAL, INC. 
  AIRBORNE HOLDINGS, INC. 
  AVIATION TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
  BRIDPORT HOLDINGS, INC. 
  BRIDPORT-AIR CARRIER, INC. 
  MCKECHNIE AEROSPACE DE, INC. 
  MCKECHNIE AEROSPACE US LLC 
  By:    McKechnie Aerospace DE, Inc., its sole member 
  TRANSICOIL LLC 
  By:    Aviation Technologies, Inc., its sole member 
  By:      /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
           Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title: 
    President and Chief Executive Officer 
     AEROSONIC LLC 
  AVIONIC INSTRUMENTS LLC 
  BREEZE-EASTERN LLC 
  CDA INTERCORP LLC 
  CEF INDUSTRIES, LLC 
  CHAMPION AEROSPACE LLC 
  HARCO LLC 
  SCHNELLER LLC 
  TELAIR US LLC 
  WHIPPANY ACTUATION SYSTEMS, LLC 
  By:    TransDigm Inc., its sole member 
  TELAIR INTERNATIONAL LLC 
  By:    Telair US LLC, its sole member 
  By:      /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
           Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title: 
    Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
       
  AIRBORNE SYSTEMS NA INC. 
  AIRBORNE SYSTEMS NORTH AMERICA INC. 
  AVIONICS SPECIALTIES, INC. 
  MCKECHNIE AEROSPACE HOLDINGS, INC. 
  By:      /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
           Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title: 
    President 
       
  BRIDPORT ERIE AVIATION, INC. 
  By:      /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
           Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title: 
    Vice President and Treasurer 
                              
  AIRBORNE SYSTEMS NORTH AMERICA OF CA INC. 
  By:      /s/ Sean P. Maroney     
           Name: 
    Sean P. Maroney 
              Title: 
    Treasurer 

[Signature page to the Eighth Supplemental Indenture   2020 Notes] 

BETA TRANSFORMER TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION 
  DATA DEVICE CORPORATION 
  ILC HOLDINGS, INC. 
  ILC INDUSTRIES, LLC 
  By:    ILC Holdings, Inc., its sole member 
  By:      /s/ Halle F. Terrion     
           Name: 
    Halle F. Terrion 
              Title: 
    Secretary 
       
  BETA TRANSFORMER TECHNOLOGY LLC 
  By:      /s/ Vincent Buffa     
           Name: 
    Vincent Buffa 
              Title: 
    Manager 

[Signature page to the Eighth Supplemental Indenture   2020 Notes] 

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, N.A., AS TRUSTEE 
  By:      /s/ Lawrence M. Kusch     
           Name: 
    Lawrence M. Kusch 
              Title: 
    Vice President 

[Signature page to the Eighth Supplemental Indenture   2020 Notes] 

</EX-4.10>

<EX-4.11>
 25
 exhibit411.htm
 EXHIBIT 4.11

Exhibit 

Exhibit 4.11 

TRANSDIGM INC., 
  TRANSDIGM GROUP INCORPORATED,  
  THE GUARANTORS NAMED HEREIN,  
  AND  
  THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, N.A.,  
  as Trustee  
  
  NINTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE  
  Dated as of October 28, 2016  
  to  
  Indenture  
  Dated as of October 15, 2012  
  by and among  
  TRANSDIGM INC.,  
  TRANSDIGM GROUP INCORPORATED,  
  THE GUARANTORS NAMED THEREIN,  
  AND  
  THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, N.A.,  
  as Trustee  
  
  5.50% Senior Subordinated Notes due 2020  
  of TransDigm Inc.  

This   NINTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE   (this    Supplemental Indenture   ), dated as of  October 28, 2016, by and among Young   Franklin Inc., a New York corporation (   Young   Franklin   ), Tactair Fluid Controls, Inc., a New York corporation (   Tactair   ), and Johnson Liverpool LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (together with Young   Franklin and Tactair, the    Guaranteeing Subsidiaries   ), TransDigm Inc., a Delaware corporation (the    Company   ), TransDigm Group Incorporated, a Delaware corporation (   TD Group   ), Adams Rite Aerospace, Inc., a California corporation (   Adams Rite   ), MarathonNorco Aerospace, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Marathon   ), Champion Aerospace LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Champion   ), Avionic Instruments LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Avionic   ), Skurka Aerospace Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Skurka   ), CDA InterCorp LLC, a Florida limited liability company (   CDA   ), Aviation Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   ATI   ), AvtechTyee, Inc., a Washington corporation (   Avtech   ), Transicoil LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Transicoil   ), AeroControlex Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   AeroControlex   ), Bruce Aerospace Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Bruce Aerospace   ), CEF Industries, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   CEF   ), Acme Aerospace, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Acme   ), Dukes Aerospace, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Dukes   ), Semco Instruments, Inc., a Delaware corporation, (   Semco   ), Hartwell Corporation, a California corporation (   Hartwell   ), McKechnie Aerospace DE, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   McKechnie Aerospace DE   ), McKechnie Aerospace Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   McKechnie Aerospace Holdings   ), McKechnie Aerospace Investments, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   McKechnie Aerospace Investments   ), McKechnie Aerospace US LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   McKechnie Aerospace US   ), Texas Rotronics, Inc., a Texas corporation (   Rotronics   ), Electromech Technologies LLC (formerly Western Sky Industries, LLC), a Delaware limited liability company (   Electromech   ), Schneller LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Schneller   ), HARCO LLC (formerly Harco Laboratories, Incorporated), a Connecticut limited liability company (   HARCO   ), AmSafe Global Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   AmSafe Global   ), Bridport Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Bridport Holdings   ), AmSafe, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   AmSafe Inc.   ), Shield Restraint Systems, Inc. (formerly AmSafe Commercial Products, Inc.), a Delaware corporation (   Shield   ), Bridport-Air Carrier, Inc., a Washington corporation (   Bridport-Air   ), Bridport Erie Aviation, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Bridport Erie   ), Arkwin Industries, Inc., a New York corporation (   Arkwin   ), Whippany Actuation Systems, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Whippany   ), Aerosonic LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Aerosonic   ), Avionics Specialties, Inc., a Virginia corporation (   Avionics Specialties   ), Airborne Global, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Airborne Global   ), Airborne Holdings, Inc., a Delaware Corporation (   Airborne Holdings   ), Airborne Acquisition, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Airborne Acquisitions   ), Airborne Systems NA Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Airborne Systems NA   ), Airborne Systems North America Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Airborne Systems North America   ), Airborne Systems North America of CA Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Airborne Systems North America CA   ), Airborne Systems North America of NJ Inc., a New Jersey corporation (   Airborne Systems North America NJ   ), Telair US LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Telair US   ), Telair International LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Telair International   ), Pexco Aerospace, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Pexco Aerospace   ), PneuDraulics, Inc., a California corporation (   PneuDraulics   ), Breeze-Eastern LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Breeze-Eastern   ), ILC Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   ILC Holdings   ), ILC Industries, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   ILC Industries   ), Data Device Corporation, a Delaware corporation (   DDC   ), Beta Transformer Technology Corporation, a New York corporation (   Beta Corporation   ), and Beta Transformer Technology LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (collectively with TD Group, Adams Rite, Marathon, Champion, Avionic, Skurka, CDA, ATI, Avtech, Transicoil, AeroControlex, Bruce Aerospace, CEF, Acme, Dukes, Semco, Hartwell, McKechnie Aerospace DE, McKechnie Aerospace Holdings, McKechnie Aerospace Investments, McKechnie Aerospace US, Rotronics, Electromech, Schneller, HARCO, AmSafe Global, Bridport Holdings, AmSafe Inc., Shield, Bridport-Air, Bridport Erie, Arkwin, Whippany, Aerosonic, Avionics Specialties, Airborne Global, Airborne Holdings, Airborne Acquisitions, Airborne Systems NA, Airborne Systems North America, Airborne Systems North America CA, Airborne Systems North America NJ, Telair US, Telair International, Pexco Aerospace, PneuDraulics, Breeze-Eastern, ILC Holdings, ILC Industries, DDC and Beta Corporation, the    Existing Guarantors   ), and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (the    Trustee   ) under the Indenture referred to below. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meaning assigned to them in the Indenture. 
  
   - 2 -     

WITNESSETH:  
  WHEREAS  , the Company and the Existing Guarantors have heretofore executed and delivered to the Trustee an indenture, dated as of October 15, 2012 (as supplemented by the First Supplemental Indenture thereto, dated as of June 5, 2013, the Second Supplemental Indenture thereto, dated as of June 26, 2013, the Third Supplemental Indenture thereto, dated as of December 19, 2013, the Fourth Supplemental Indenture thereto, dated as of April 9, 2015, the Fifth Supplemental Indenture thereto, dated as of June 12, 2015, the Sixth Supplemental Indenture thereto, dated as of August 28, 2015, the Seventh Supplemental Indenture thereto, dated as of April 1, 2016, and the Eighth Supplemental Indenture thereto, dated as of July 8, 2016, the    Indenture   ), providing for the issuance by the Company of 5.50% Senior Subordinated Notes due 2020 (the    Notes   ) and the guarantees thereof by each of the Existing Guarantors;  
  WHEREAS  , the Indenture provides that under certain circumstances described therein, newly created or acquired Domestic Restricted Subsidiaries shall execute and deliver to the Trustee a supplemental indenture to the Indenture providing for a senior subordinated guarantee of payment of the Notes by such Domestic Restricted Subsidiary (the    Guarantee     
  WHEREAS  , all things necessary to make this Supplemental Indenture the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company, the Existing Guarantors and the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries have been done; and  
  WHEREAS  , pursuant to Section 9.01(g) of the Indenture, the Trustee is authorized to execute and deliver this Supplemental Indenture without the consent of the Holders of the Notes.  
  NOW, THEREFORE  , in consideration of the foregoing and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, each of the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries covenants and agrees for the equal and ratable benefit of the Holders of the Notes as follows:  
           1. 
    CAPITALIZED TERMS  . Capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture.  
              2. 
    GUARANTEE, ETC  . Each of the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries hereby agrees that from and after the date hereof it shall be a Guarantor under the Indenture and be bound by the terms thereof applicable to Guarantors and shall be entitled to all of the rights and subject to all the obligations of a Guarantor thereunder.  
              3. 
    RATIFICATION OF INDENTURE; SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE PART OF INDENTURE  . The Indenture is in all respects ratified and confirmed and all the terms, conditions and provisions thereof shall remain in full force and effect. This Supplemental Indenture shall form a part of the Indenture for all purposes, and every holder of Notes heretofore or hereafter authenticated and delivered shall be bound hereby.  
              4. 
    EXECUTION AND DELIVERY  . Each of the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries agrees that the Guarantee granted by it pursuant to the terms hereof shall remain in full force and effect notwithstanding any failure to endorse on each Note a notation of such Guarantee.  
              5. 
    NO RECOURSE AGAINST OTHERS  . No past, present or future director, officer, employee, incorporator, stockholder or agent of any of the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries (or any successor entity) (other than the Company or the Existing Guarantors), as such, shall have any liability for any obligations of the Company, TD Group, the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries or any other Guarantor under the Notes, any Guarantee, the Indenture or this Supplemental Indenture or for any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason of, such obligations or their creation. Each Holder of the Notes by accepting a Note waives and releases all such liability. The waiver and release are part of the consideration for issuance of the Notes.  
              6. 
    NEW YORK LAW TO GOVERN  . THE INTERNAL LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SHALL GOVERN AND BE USED TO CONSTRUE THIS SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE AND  
     
   - 3 -     

THE GUARANTEE GRANTED HEREUNDER WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO APPLICABLE PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAW TO THE EXTENT THAT THE APPLICATION OF THE LAWS OF ANOTHER JURISDICTION WOULD BE REQUIRED THEREBY.  
           7. 
    COUNTERPART ORIGINALS  . The parties may sign any number of copies of this Supplemental Indenture. Each signed copy shall be an original, but all of them together represent the same agreement.  
              8. 
    EFFECT OF HEADINGS  . The Section headings have been inserted for convenience of reference only, are not to be considered part of this Supplemental Indenture and shall in no way modify or restrict any of the terms or provisions hereof.  
              9. 
    THE TRUSTEE  . The Trustee shall not be responsible in any manner whatsoever for or in respect of the validity or sufficiency of this Supplemental Indenture or for or in respect of the recitals contained herein, all of which recitals are made solely by the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries, the Existing Guarantors and the Company.  
     [Signature page follows.] 
  
   - 4 -     

IN WITNESS WHEREOF  , the parties hereto have caused this Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed as of the date hereof.  
  TRANSDIGM INC. 
           By: 
    /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
              Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title:  
    Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
     TRANSDIGM GROUP INCORPORATED 
           By: 
    /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
              Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title 
    Executive Vice President and Chief   Financial Officer  
       
  ACME AEROSPACE, INC. 
  ADAMS RITE AEROSPACE, INC. 
  AIRBORNE SYSTEMS NORTH AMERICA OF NJ INC. 
  AMSAFE GLOBAL HOLDINGS, INC. 
  AMSAFE, INC. 
  ARKWIN INDUSTRIES, INC. 
  AVTECHTYEE, INC. 
  BRUCE AEROSPACE INC. 
  DUKES AEROSPACE, INC. 
  ELECTROMECH TECHNOLOGIES LLC 
  By:    McKechnie Aerospace Investments, Inc., its sole  
                      member 
  HARTWELL CORPORATION 
  JOHNSON LIVERPOOL LLC 
  By:    Young   Franklin Inc., its sole member 
  MARATHONNORCO AEROSPACE, INC. 
  MCKECHNIE AEROSPACE INVESTMENTS, INC. 
  PEXCO AEROSPACE, INC. 
  PNEUDRAULICS, INC. 
  SHIELD RESTRAINT SYSTEMS, INC. 
  SEMCO INSTRUMENTS, INC. 
  SKURKA AEROSPACE INC. 
  TACTAIR FLUID CONTROLS, INC. 
  TEXAS ROTRONICS, INC. 
  YOUNG   FRANKLIN INC. 
  By:      /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
           Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title: 
    Chief Executive Officer 

[Signature page to the Ninth Supplemental Indenture   2020 Notes] 

AEROCONTROLEX GROUP, INC. 
  AIRBORNE ACQUISITION, INC. 
  AIRBORNE GLOBAL, INC. 
  AIRBORNE HOLDINGS, INC. 
  AVIATION TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
  BRIDPORT HOLDINGS, INC. 
  BRIDPORT-AIR CARRIER, INC. 
  MCKECHNIE AEROSPACE DE, INC. 
  MCKECHNIE AEROSPACE US LLC 
  By:    McKechnie Aerospace DE, Inc., its sole member 
  TRANSICOIL LLC 
  By:    Aviation Technologies, Inc., its sole member 
  By:      /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
           Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title: 
    President and Chief Executive Officer 
     AEROSONIC LLC 
  AVIONIC INSTRUMENTS LLC 
  BREEZE-EASTERN LLC 
  CDA INTERCORP LLC 
  CEF INDUSTRIES, LLC 
  CHAMPION AEROSPACE LLC 
  HARCO LLC 
  SCHNELLER LLC 
  TELAIR US LLC 
  WHIPPANY ACTUATION SYSTEMS, LLC 
  By:    TransDigm Inc., its sole member 
  TELAIR INTERNATIONAL LLC 
  By:    Telair US LLC, its sole member 
  By:      /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
           Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title: 
    Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
       
  AIRBORNE SYSTEMS NA INC. 
  AIRBORNE SYSTEMS NORTH AMERICA INC. 
  AVIONICS SPECIALTIES, INC. 
  MCKECHNIE AEROSPACE HOLDINGS, INC. 
  By:      /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
           Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title: 
    President 
       
  BRIDPORT ERIE AVIATION, INC. 
  By:      /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
           Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title: 
    Vice President and Treasurer 
                              
  AIRBORNE SYSTEMS NORTH AMERICA OF CA INC. 
  By:      /s/ Sean P. Maroney     
           Name: 
    Sean P. Maroney 
              Title: 
    Treasurer 
     
   [Signature page to the Ninth Supplemental Indenture   2020 Notes] 

BETA TRANSFORMER TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION 
  BETA TRANSFORMER TECHNOLOGY LLC 
  By:    Beta Transformer Technology Corporation, its 
   sole member 
  DATA DEVICE CORPORATION 
  ILC HOLDINGS, INC. 
  ILC INDUSTRIES, LLC 
  By:    ILC Holdings, Inc., its sole member 
  By:      /s/ Halle F. Terrion     
           Name: 
    Halle F. Terrion 
              Title: 
    Secretary 

[Signature page to the Ninth Supplemental Indenture   2020 Notes] 

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, N.A., AS TRUSTEE 
  By:          /s/ Lawrence M. Kusch     
           Name: 
    Lawrence M. Kusch 
              Title: 
    Vice President 

[Signature page to the Ninth Supplemental Indenture   2020 Notes] 

</EX-4.11>

<EX-4.17>
 26
 exhibit417.htm
 EXHIBIT 4.17

Exhibit 

Exhibit 4.17 

TRANSDIGM INC.,  
  TRANSDIGM GROUP INCORPORATED,  
  THE GUARANTORS NAMED HEREIN,  
  AND  
  THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, N.A.,  
  as Trustee  
  
  FIFTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE  
  Dated as of April 1, 2016  
  to  
  Indenture  
  Dated as of July 1, 2013  
  by and among  
  TRANSDIGM INC.,  
  TRANSDIGM GROUP INCORPORATED,  
  THE GUARANTORS NAMED THEREIN,  
  AND  
  THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, N.A.,  
  as Trustee  
  
  7.50% Senior Subordinated Notes due 2021  
  of TransDigm Inc.  

This   FIFTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE   (this    Supplemental Indenture   ), dated as of April 1, 2016, by and among Breeze-Eastern LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the    Guaranteeing Subsidiary   ), TransDigm Inc., a Delaware corporation (the    Company   ), TransDigm Group Incorporated, a Delaware corporation (   TD Group   ), Adams Rite Aerospace, Inc., a California corporation (   Adams Rite   ), MarathonNorco Aerospace, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Marathon   ), Champion Aerospace LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Champion   ), Avionic Instruments LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Avionic   ), Skurka Aerospace Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Skurka   ), CDA InterCorp LLC, a Florida limited liability company (   CDA   ), Aviation Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   ATI   ), AvtechTyee, Inc., a Washington corporation (   Avtech   ), Transicoil LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Transicoil   ), AeroControlex Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   AeroControlex   ), Bruce Aerospace Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Bruce Aerospace   ), CEF Industries, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   CEF   ), Acme Aerospace, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Acme   ), Dukes Aerospace, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Dukes   ), Semco Instruments, Inc., a Delaware corporation, (   Semco   ), Hartwell Corporation, a California corporation (   Hartwell   ), McKechnie Aerospace DE, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   McKechnie Aerospace DE   ), McKechnie Aerospace Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   McKechnie Aerospace Holdings   ), McKechnie Aerospace Investments, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   McKechnie Aerospace Investments   ), McKechnie Aerospace US LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   McKechnie Aerospace US   ), Texas Rotronics, Inc., a Texas corporation (   Rotronics   ), Electromech Technologies LLC (formerly Western Sky Industries, LLC), a Delaware limited liability company (   Electromech   ), Schneller LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Schneller   ), HARCO LLC (formerly Harco Laboratories, Incorporated), a Connecticut limited liability company (   HARCO   ), AmSafe Global Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   AmSafe Global   ), Bridport Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Bridport Holdings   ), AmSafe, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   AmSafe Inc.   ), Shield Restraint Systems, Inc. (formerly AmSafe Commercial Products, Inc.), a Delaware corporation (   Shield   ), Bridport-Air Carrier, Inc., a Washington corporation (   Bridport-Air   ), Bridport Erie Aviation, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Bridport Erie   ), Arkwin Industries, Inc., a New York corporation (   Arkwin   ), Whippany Actuation Systems, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Whippany   ), Aerosonic LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Aerosonic   ), Avionics Specialties, Inc., a Virginia corporation (   Avionics Specialties   ), Airborne Global, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Airborne Global   ), Airborne Holdings, Inc., a Delaware Corporation (   Airborne Holdings   ), Airborne Acquisition, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Airborne Acquisitions   ), Airborne Systems NA Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Airborne Systems NA   ), Airborne Systems North America Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Airborne Systems North America   ), Airborne Systems North America of CA Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Airborne Systems North America CA   ), Airborne Systems North America of NJ Inc., a New Jersey corporation (   Airborne Systems North America NJ   ), Telair US LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Telair US   ), Telair International LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Telair International   ), Pexco Aerospace, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Pexco Aerospace   ) and PneuDraulics, Inc., a California corporation (collectively with TD Group, Adams Rite, Marathon, Champion, Avionic, Skurka, CDA, ATI, Avtech, Transicoil, AeroControlex, Bruce Aerospace, CEF, Acme, Dukes, Semco, Hartwell, McKechnie Aerospace DE, McKechnie Aerospace Holdings, McKechnie Aerospace Investments, McKechnie Aerospace US, Rotronics, Electromech, Schneller, HARCO, AmSafe Global, Bridport Holdings, AmSafe Inc., Shield, Bridport-Air, Bridport Erie, Arkwin, Whippany, Aerosonic, Avionics Specialties, Airborne Global, Airborne Holdings, Airborne Acquisitions, Airborne Systems NA, Airborne Systems North America, Airborne Systems North America CA, Airborne Systems North America NJ, Telair US, Telair International and Pexco Aerospace, the    Existing Guarantors   ), and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (the    Trustee   ) under the Indenture referred to below. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meaning assigned to them in the Indenture. 
  
   -  -     

WITNESSETH:  
  WHEREAS  , the Company and the Existing Guarantors have heretofore executed and delivered to the Trustee an indenture, dated as of July 1, 2013 (as supplemented by the First Supplemental Indenture thereto, dated as of December 19, 2013, the Second Supplemental Indenture thereto, dated as of April 9, 2015, the Third Supplemental Indenture thereto, dated as of May 29, 2015, and the Fourth Supplemental Indenture thereto, dated as of August 28, 2015, the    Indenture   ), providing for the issuance by the Company of 7.50% Senior Subordinated Notes due 2021 (the    Notes   ) and the guarantees thereof by each of the Existing Guarantors;  
  WHEREAS  , the Indenture provides that under certain circumstances described therein, newly created or acquired Domestic Restricted Subsidiaries shall execute and deliver to the Trustee a supplemental indenture to the Indenture providing for a senior subordinated guarantee of payment of the Notes by such Domestic Restricted Subsidiary (the    Guarantee     
  WHEREAS  , all things necessary to make this Supplemental Indenture the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company, the Existing Guarantors and the Guaranteeing Subsidiary have been done; and  
  WHEREAS  , pursuant to Section 9.01(g) of the Indenture, the Trustee is authorized to execute and deliver this Supplemental Indenture without the consent of the Holders of the Notes.  
  NOW, THEREFORE  , in consideration of the foregoing and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the Guaranteeing Subsidiary covenants and agrees for the equal and ratable benefit of the Holders of the Notes as follows:  
           1. 
    CAPITALIZED TERMS  . Capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture.  
              2. 
    GUARANTEE, ETC  . The Guaranteeing Subsidiary hereby agrees that from and after the date hereof it shall be a Guarantor under the Indenture and be bound by the terms thereof applicable to Guarantors and shall be entitled to all of the rights and subject to all the obligations of a Guarantor thereunder.  
              3. 
    RATIFICATION OF INDENTURE; SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE PART OF INDENTURE  . The Indenture is in all respects ratified and confirmed and all the terms, conditions and provisions thereof shall remain in full force and effect. This Supplemental Indenture shall form a part of the Indenture for all purposes, and every holder of Notes heretofore or hereafter authenticated and delivered shall be bound hereby.  
              4. 
    EXECUTION AND DELIVERY  . The Guaranteeing Subsidiary agrees that the Guarantee granted by it pursuant to the terms hereof shall remain in full force and effect notwithstanding any failure to endorse on each Note a notation of such Guarantee.  
              5. 
    NO RECOURSE AGAINST OTHERS  . No past, present or future director, officer, employee, incorporator, stockholder or agent of the Guaranteeing Subsidiary (or any successor entity) (other than the Company or the Existing Guarantors), as such, shall have any liability for any obligations of the Company, TD Group, the Guaranteeing Subsidiary or any other Guarantor under the Notes, any Guarantee, the Indenture or this Supplemental Indenture or for any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason of, such obligations or their creation. Each Holder of the Notes by accepting a Note waives and releases all such liability. The waiver and release are part of the consideration for issuance of the Notes.  
              6. 
    NEW YORK LAW TO GOVERN  . THE INTERNAL LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SHALL GOVERN AND BE USED TO CONSTRUE THIS SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE AND THE GUARANTEE GRANTED HEREUNDER WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO APPLICABLE PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAW TO THE EXTENT THAT THE APPLICATION OF THE LAWS OF ANOTHER JURISDICTION WOULD BE REQUIRED THEREBY.  
     
   -  -     

7. 
    COUNTERPART ORIGINALS  . The parties may sign any number of copies of this Supplemental Indenture. Each signed copy shall be an original, but all of them together represent the same agreement.  
              8. 
    EFFECT OF HEADINGS  . The Section headings have been inserted for convenience of reference only, are not to be considered part of this Supplemental Indenture and shall in no way modify or restrict any of the terms or provisions hereof.  
              9. 
    THE TRUSTEE  . The Trustee shall not be responsible in any manner whatsoever for or in respect of the validity or sufficiency of this Supplemental Indenture or for or in respect of the recitals contained herein, all of which recitals are made solely by the Guaranteeing Subsidiary, the Existing Guarantors and the Company.  
     [Signature pages follow.] 

-  -     

IN WITNESS WHEREOF  , the parties hereto have caused this Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed as of the date hereof.  
  TRANSDIGM INC. 
           By: 
    /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
              Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title:  
    Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
     TRANSDIGM GROUP INCORPORATED 
           By: 
    /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
              Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title 
    Executive Vice President and Chief   Financial Officer 
       
  ACME AEROSPACE, INC. 
  ADAMS RITE AEROSPACE, INC. 
  AEROCONTROLEX GROUP, INC. 
  AIRBORNE ACQUISITION, INC. 
  AIRBORNE GLOBAL, INC. 
  AIRBORNE HOLDINGS, INC. 
  AIRBORNE SYSTEMS NORTH AMERICA OF CA INC. 
  AIRBORNE SYSTEMS NORTH AMERICA OF NJ INC. 
  AMSAFE GLOBAL HOLDINGS, INC. 
  AMSAFE, INC. 
  ARKWIN INDUSTRIES, INC. 
  AVIATION TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
  AVTECHTYEE, INC. 
  BRIDPORT-AIR CARRIER, INC. 
  BRIDPORT HOLDINGS, INC. 
  BRUCE AEROSPACE INC. 
  HARTWELL CORPORATION 
  MARATHONNORCO AEROSPACE, INC. 
  MCKECHNIE AEROSPACE DE, INC. 
  MCKECHNIE AEROSPACE US LLC 
           By: 
    McKechnie Aerospace DE, Inc., its sole member 
     SHIELD RESTRAINT SYSTEMS, INC. 
  SEMCO INSTRUMENTS, INC. 
  SKURKA AEROSPACE INC. 
  
   [Signature Page to the Fifth Supplemental Indenture   2021 Notes] 

TEXAS ROTRONICS, INC. 
  TRANSICOIL LLC 
           By: 
    Aviation Technologies, Inc., its sole member 
     By:      /s/ Gregory Rufus     
           Name: 
    Gregory Rufus 
              Title: 
    Chief Executive Officer 
     AEROSONIC LLC 
  AVIONIC INSTRUMENTS LLC 
  BREEZE-EASTERN LLC 
  CDA INTERCORP LLC 
  CEF INDUSTRIES, LLC 
  CHAMPION AEROSPACE LLC 
  HARCO LLC 
  SCHNELLER LLC 
  TELAIR INTERNATIONAL LLC 
  TELAIR US LLC 
  WHIPPANY ACTUATION SYSTEMS, LLC     
  By:    TransDigm Inc., its sole member 
  By:      /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
           Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title: 
    Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
       
  AIRBORNE SYSTEMS NA INC. 
  AIRBORNE SYSTEMS NORTH AMERICA INC. 
  AVIONICS SPECIALTIES, INC. 
  ELECTROMECH TECHNOLOGIES LLC 
           By: 
    McKechnie Aerospace Investments, Inc., its sole member 
     MCKECHNIE AEROSPACE HOLDINGS, INC. 
  MCKECHNIE AEROSPACE INVESTMENTS, INC. 
  By:      /s/ Gregory Rufus     
           Name: 
    Gregory Rufus 
              Title: 
    President 
       
  BRIDPORT ERIE AVIATION, INC. 
  By:      /s/ Gregory Rufus     
           Name: 
    Gregory Rufus 
              Title: 
    Vice President and Treasurer 
       
  DUKES AEROSPACE, INC. 
  By:      /s/ Gregory Rufus     
           Name: 
    Gregory Rufus 
              Title: 
    Chairman of the Board 
       
  PEXCO AEROSPACE, INC. 
  By:      /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
           Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title: 
    President 
     
   [Signature Page to the Fifth Supplemental Indenture   2021 Notes]     

PNEUDRAULICS, INC. 
  By:      /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
           Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title: 
    Chief Executive Officer 

[Signature Page to the Fifth Supplemental Indenture   2021 Notes]     

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, N.A., AS TRUSTEE 
  By:          /s/ Lawrence M. Kusch     
           Name: 
    Lawrence M. Kusch 
              Title: 
    Vice President 

[Signature Page to the Fifth Supplemental Indenture   2021 Notes]     

</EX-4.17>

<EX-4.18>
 27
 exhibit418.htm
 EXHIBIT 4.18

Exhibit 

Exhibit 4.18 

TRANSDIGM INC.,  
  TRANSDIGM GROUP INCORPORATED,  
  THE GUARANTORS NAMED HEREIN,  
  AND  
  THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, N.A.,  
  as Trustee  
  
  SIXTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE  
  Dated as of July 8, 2016  
  to  
  Indenture  
  Dated as of July 1, 2013  
  by and among  
  TRANSDIGM INC.,  
  TRANSDIGM GROUP INCORPORATED,  
  THE GUARANTORS NAMED THEREIN,  
  AND  
  THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, N.A.,  
  as Trustee  
  
  7.50% Senior Subordinated Notes due 2021  
  of TransDigm Inc.  

This   SIXTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE   (this    Supplemental Indenture   ), dated as of July 8, 2016, by and among ILC Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   ILC Holdings   ), ILC Industries, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   ILC Industries   ), Data Device Corporation, a Delaware corporation (   DDC   ), Beta Transformer Technology Corporation, a New York corporation (   Beta Corporation   ), and Beta Transformer Technology LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Beta LLC    and, together ILC Holdings, ILC Industries, DDC and Beta Corporation, the    Guaranteeing Subsidiaries   ), TransDigm Inc., a Delaware corporation (the    Company   ), TransDigm Group Incorporated, a Delaware corporation (   TD Group   ), Adams Rite Aerospace, Inc., a California corporation (   Adams Rite   ), MarathonNorco Aerospace, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Marathon   ), Champion Aerospace LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Champion   ), Avionic Instruments LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Avionic   ), Skurka Aerospace Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Skurka   ), CDA InterCorp LLC, a Florida limited liability company (   CDA   ), Aviation Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   ATI   ), AvtechTyee, Inc., a Washington corporation (   Avtech   ), Transicoil LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Transicoil   ), AeroControlex Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   AeroControlex   ), Bruce Aerospace Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Bruce Aerospace   ), CEF Industries, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   CEF   ), Acme Aerospace, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Acme   ), Dukes Aerospace, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Dukes   ), Semco Instruments, Inc., a Delaware corporation, (   Semco   ), Hartwell Corporation, a California corporation (   Hartwell   ), McKechnie Aerospace DE, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   McKechnie Aerospace DE   ), McKechnie Aerospace Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   McKechnie Aerospace Holdings   ), McKechnie Aerospace Investments, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   McKechnie Aerospace Investments   ), McKechnie Aerospace US LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   McKechnie Aerospace US   ), Texas Rotronics, Inc., a Texas corporation (   Rotronics   ), Electromech Technologies LLC (formerly Western Sky Industries, LLC), a Delaware limited liability company (   Electromech   ), Schneller LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Schneller   ), HARCO LLC (formerly Harco Laboratories, Incorporated), a Connecticut limited liability company (   HARCO   ), AmSafe Global Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   AmSafe Global   ), Bridport Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Bridport Holdings   ), AmSafe, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   AmSafe Inc.   ), Shield Restraint Systems, Inc. (formerly AmSafe Commercial Products, Inc.), a Delaware corporation (   Shield   ), Bridport-Air Carrier, Inc., a Washington corporation (   Bridport-Air   ), Bridport Erie Aviation, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Bridport Erie   ), Arkwin Industries, Inc., a New York corporation (   Arkwin   ), Whippany Actuation Systems, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Whippany   ), Aerosonic LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Aerosonic   ), Avionics Specialties, Inc., a Virginia corporation (   Avionics Specialties   ), Airborne Global, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Airborne Global   ), Airborne Holdings, Inc., a Delaware Corporation (   Airborne Holdings   ), Airborne Acquisition, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Airborne Acquisitions   ), Airborne Systems NA Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Airborne Systems NA   ), Airborne Systems North America Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Airborne Systems North America   ), Airborne Systems North America of CA Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Airborne Systems North America CA   ), Airborne Systems North America of NJ Inc., a New Jersey corporation (   Airborne Systems North America NJ   ), Telair US LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Telair US   ), Telair International LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Telair International   ), Pexco Aerospace, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Pexco Aerospace   ), PneuDraulics, Inc., a California corporation (   PneuDraulics   ) and Breeze-Eastern LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (collectively with TD Group, Adams Rite, Marathon, Champion, Avionic, Skurka, CDA, ATI, Avtech, Transicoil, AeroControlex, Bruce Aerospace, CEF, Acme, Dukes, Semco, Hartwell, McKechnie Aerospace DE, McKechnie Aerospace Holdings, McKechnie Aerospace Investments, McKechnie Aerospace US, Rotronics, Electromech, Schneller, HARCO, AmSafe Global, Bridport Holdings, AmSafe Inc., Shield, Bridport-Air, Bridport Erie, Arkwin, Whippany, Aerosonic, Avionics Specialties, Airborne Global, Airborne Holdings, Airborne Acquisitions, Airborne Systems NA, Airborne Systems North America, Airborne Systems North America CA, Airborne Systems North America NJ, Telair US, Telair International, Pexco Aerospace and PneuDraulics, the    Existing Guarantors   ), and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (the    Trustee   ) under the Indenture referred to below. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meaning assigned to them in the Indenture. 
  
   - 2 -     

WITNESSETH:  
  WHEREAS  , the Company and the Existing Guarantors have heretofore executed and delivered to the Trustee an indenture, dated as of July 1, 2013 (as supplemented by the First Supplemental Indenture thereto, dated as of December 19, 2013, the Second Supplemental Indenture thereto, dated as of April 9, 2015, the Third Supplemental Indenture thereto, dated as of May 29, 2015, the Fourth Supplemental Indenture thereto, dated as of August 28, 2015 and the Fifth Supplemental Indenture thereto, dated as of April 1, 2016, the    Indenture   ), providing for the issuance by the Company of 7.50% Senior Subordinated Notes due 2021 (the    Notes   ) and the guarantees thereof by each of the Existing Guarantors;  
  WHEREAS  , the Indenture provides that under certain circumstances described therein, newly created or acquired Domestic Restricted Subsidiaries shall execute and deliver to the Trustee a supplemental indenture to the Indenture providing for a senior subordinated guarantee of payment of the Notes by such Domestic Restricted Subsidiary (the    Guarantee     
  WHEREAS  , all things necessary to make this Supplemental Indenture the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company, the Existing Guarantors and the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries have been done; and  
  WHEREAS  , pursuant to Section 9.01(g) of the Indenture, the Trustee is authorized to execute and deliver this Supplemental Indenture without the consent of the Holders of the Notes.  
  NOW, THEREFORE  , in consideration of the foregoing and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, each of the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries covenants and agrees for the equal and ratable benefit of the Holders of the Notes as follows:  
           1. 
    CAPITALIZED TERMS  . Capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture.  
              2. 
    GUARANTEE, ETC  . Each of the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries hereby agrees that from and after the date hereof it shall be a Guarantor under the Indenture and be bound by the terms thereof applicable to Guarantors and shall be entitled to all of the rights and subject to all the obligations of a Guarantor thereunder.  
              3. 
    RATIFICATION OF INDENTURE; SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE PART OF INDENTURE  . The Indenture is in all respects ratified and confirmed and all the terms, conditions and provisions thereof shall remain in full force and effect. This Supplemental Indenture shall form a part of the Indenture for all purposes, and every holder of Notes heretofore or hereafter authenticated and delivered shall be bound hereby.  
              4. 
    EXECUTION AND DELIVERY  . Each of the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries agrees that the Guarantee granted by it pursuant to the terms hereof shall remain in full force and effect notwithstanding any failure to endorse on each Note a notation of such Guarantee.  
              5. 
    NO RECOURSE AGAINST OTHERS  . No past, present or future director, officer, employee, incorporator, stockholder or agent of any of the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries (or any successor entity) (other than the Company or the Existing Guarantors), as such, shall have any liability for any obligations of the Company, TD Group, the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries or any other Guarantor under the Notes, any Guarantee, the Indenture or this Supplemental Indenture or for any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason of, such obligations or their creation. Each Holder of the Notes by accepting a Note waives and releases all such liability. The waiver and release are part of the consideration for issuance of the Notes.  
              6. 
    NEW YORK LAW TO GOVERN  . THE INTERNAL LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SHALL GOVERN AND BE USED TO CONSTRUE THIS SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE AND THE GUARANTEE GRANTED HEREUNDER WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO APPLICABLE  
     
   - 3 -     

PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAW TO THE EXTENT THAT THE APPLICATION OF THE LAWS OF ANOTHER JURISDICTION WOULD BE REQUIRED THEREBY.  
           7. 
    COUNTERPART ORIGINALS  . The parties may sign any number of copies of this Supplemental Indenture. Each signed copy shall be an original, but all of them together represent the same agreement.  
              8. 
    EFFECT OF HEADINGS  . The Section headings have been inserted for convenience of reference only, are not to be considered part of this Supplemental Indenture and shall in no way modify or restrict any of the terms or provisions hereof.  
              9. 
    THE TRUSTEE  . The Trustee shall not be responsible in any manner whatsoever for or in respect of the validity or sufficiency of this Supplemental Indenture or for or in respect of the recitals contained herein, all of which recitals are made solely by the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries, the Existing Guarantors and the Company.  
     [Signature pages follow.] 

- 4 -     

IN WITNESS WHEREOF  , the parties hereto have caused this Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed as of the date hereof.  
  TRANSDIGM INC. 
           By: 
    /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
              Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title:  
    Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
     TRANSDIGM GROUP INCORPORATED 
           By: 
    /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
              Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title 
    Executive Vice President and Chief   Financial Officer 
       
  ACME AEROSPACE, INC. 
  ADAMS RITE AEROSPACE, INC. 
  AIRBORNE SYSTEMS NORTH AMERICA OF NJ INC. 
  AMSAFE GLOBAL HOLDINGS, INC. 
  AMSAFE, INC. 
  ARKWIN INDUSTRIES, INC. 
  AVTECHTYEE, INC. 
  BRUCE AEROSPACE INC. 
  DUKES AEROSPACE, INC. 
  ELECTROMECH TECHNOLOGIES LLC 
  By:    McKechnie Aerospace Investments, Inc., its sole  
                      member 
  HARTWELL CORPORATION 
  MARATHONNORCO AEROSPACE, INC. 
  MCKECHNIE AEROSPACE INVESTMENTS, INC. 
  PEXCO AEROSPACE, INC. 
  PNEUDRAULICS, INC. 
  SHIELD RESTRAINT SYSTEMS, INC. 
  SEMCO INSTRUMENTS, INC. 
  SKURKA AEROSPACE INC. 
  TEXAS ROTRONICS, INC. 
  By:      /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
           Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title: 
    Chief Executive Officer 

[Signature page to the Sixth Supplemental Indenture   2021 Notes] 

AEROCONTROLEX GROUP, INC. 
  AIRBORNE ACQUISITION, INC. 
  AIRBORNE GLOBAL, INC. 
  AIRBORNE HOLDINGS, INC. 
  AVIATION TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
  BRIDPORT HOLDINGS, INC. 
  BRIDPORT-AIR CARRIER, INC. 
  MCKECHNIE AEROSPACE DE, INC. 
  MCKECHNIE AEROSPACE US LLC 
  By:    McKechnie Aerospace DE, Inc., its sole member 
  TRANSICOIL LLC 
  By:    Aviation Technologies, Inc., its sole member 
  By:      /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
           Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title: 
    President and Chief Executive Officer 
     AEROSONIC LLC 
  AVIONIC INSTRUMENTS LLC 
  BREEZE-EASTERN LLC 
  CDA INTERCORP LLC 
  CEF INDUSTRIES, LLC 
  CHAMPION AEROSPACE LLC 
  HARCO LLC 
  SCHNELLER LLC 
  TELAIR US LLC 
  WHIPPANY ACTUATION SYSTEMS, LLC     
  By:    TransDigm Inc., its sole member 
  TELAIR INTERNATIONAL LLC 
  By:    Telair US LLC, its sole member 
  By:      /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
           Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title: 
    Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
       
  AIRBORNE SYSTEMS NA INC. 
  AIRBORNE SYSTEMS NORTH AMERICA INC. 
  AVIONICS SPECIALTIES, INC. 
  MCKECHNIE AEROSPACE HOLDINGS, INC. 
  By:      /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
           Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title: 
    President 
       
  BRIDPORT ERIE AVIATION, INC. 
  By:      /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
           Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title: 
    Vice President and Treasurer 
                              
  AIRBORNE SYSTEMS NORTH AMERICA OF CA INC. 
  By:      /s/ Sean P. Maroney     
           Name: 
    Sean P. Maroney 
              Title: 
    Treasurer 
     
   [Signature page to the Sixth Supplemental Indenture   2021 Notes] 

BETA TRANSFORMER TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION 
  DATA DEVICE CORPORATION 
  ILC HOLDINGS, INC. 
  ILC INDUSTRIES, LLC 
  By:    ILC Holdings, Inc., its sole member 
  By:      /s/ Halle F. Terrion     
           Name: 
    Halle F. Terrion 
              Title: 
    Secretary 
       
  BETA TRANSFORMER TECHNOLOGY LLC 
  By:      /s/ Vincent Buffa     
           Name: 
    Vincent Buffa 
              Title: 
    Manager 

[Signature page to the Sixth Supplemental Indenture   2021 Notes] 

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, N.A., AS TRUSTEE 
  By:      /s/ Lawrence M. Kusch     
           Name: 
    Lawrence M. Kusch 
              Title: 
    Vice President 

[Signature page to the Sixth Supplemental Indenture   2021 Notes] 

</EX-4.18>

<EX-4.19>
 28
 exhibit419.htm
 EXHIBIT 4.19

Exhibit 

Exhibit 4.19 

TRANSDIGM INC.,  
  TRANSDIGM GROUP INCORPORATED,  
  THE GUARANTORS NAMED HEREIN,  
  AND  
  THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, N.A.,  
  as Trustee  
  
  SEVENTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE  
  Dated as of October 28, 2016  
  to  
  Indenture  
  Dated as of July 1, 2013  
  by and among  
  TRANSDIGM INC.,  
  TRANSDIGM GROUP INCORPORATED,  
  THE GUARANTORS NAMED THEREIN,  
  AND  
  THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, N.A.,  
  as Trustee  
  
  7.50% Senior Subordinated Notes due 2021  
  of TransDigm Inc.  

This   SEVENTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE   (this    Supplemental Indenture   ), dated as of October 28, 2016, by and among Young   Franklin Inc., a New York corporation (   Young   Franklin   ), Tactair Fluid Controls, Inc., a New York corporation (   Tactair   ), and Johnson Liverpool LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (together with Young   Franklin and Tactair, the    Guaranteeing Subsidiaries   ), TransDigm Inc., a Delaware corporation (the    Company   ), TransDigm Group Incorporated, a Delaware corporation (   TD Group   ), Adams Rite Aerospace, Inc., a California corporation (   Adams Rite   ), MarathonNorco Aerospace, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Marathon   ), Champion Aerospace LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Champion   ), Avionic Instruments LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Avionic   ), Skurka Aerospace Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Skurka   ), CDA InterCorp LLC, a Florida limited liability company (   CDA   ), Aviation Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   ATI   ), AvtechTyee, Inc., a Washington corporation (   Avtech   ), Transicoil LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Transicoil   ), AeroControlex Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   AeroControlex   ), Bruce Aerospace Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Bruce Aerospace   ), CEF Industries, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   CEF   ), Acme Aerospace, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Acme   ), Dukes Aerospace, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Dukes   ), Semco Instruments, Inc., a Delaware corporation, (   Semco   ), Hartwell Corporation, a California corporation (   Hartwell   ), McKechnie Aerospace DE, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   McKechnie Aerospace DE   ), McKechnie Aerospace Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   McKechnie Aerospace Holdings   ), McKechnie Aerospace Investments, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   McKechnie Aerospace Investments   ), McKechnie Aerospace US LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   McKechnie Aerospace US   ), Texas Rotronics, Inc., a Texas corporation (   Rotronics   ), Electromech Technologies LLC (formerly Western Sky Industries, LLC), a Delaware limited liability company (   Electromech   ), Schneller LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Schneller   ), HARCO LLC (formerly Harco Laboratories, Incorporated), a Connecticut limited liability company (   HARCO   ), AmSafe Global Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   AmSafe Global   ), Bridport Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Bridport Holdings   ), AmSafe, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   AmSafe Inc.   ), Shield Restraint Systems, Inc. (formerly AmSafe Commercial Products, Inc.), a Delaware corporation (   Shield   ), Bridport-Air Carrier, Inc., a Washington corporation (   Bridport-Air   ), Bridport Erie Aviation, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Bridport Erie   ), Arkwin Industries, Inc., a New York corporation (   Arkwin   ), Whippany Actuation Systems, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Whippany   ), Aerosonic LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Aerosonic   ), Avionics Specialties, Inc., a Virginia corporation (   Avionics Specialties   ), Airborne Global, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Airborne Global   ), Airborne Holdings, Inc., a Delaware Corporation (   Airborne Holdings   ), Airborne Acquisition, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Airborne Acquisitions   ), Airborne Systems NA Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Airborne Systems NA   ), Airborne Systems North America Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Airborne Systems North America   ), Airborne Systems North America of CA Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Airborne Systems North America CA   ), Airborne Systems North America of NJ Inc., a New Jersey corporation (   Airborne Systems North America NJ   ), Telair US LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Telair US   ), Telair International LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Telair International   ), Pexco Aerospace, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Pexco Aerospace   ), PneuDraulics, Inc., a California corporation (   PneuDraulics   ), Breeze-Eastern LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Breeze-Eastern   ), ILC Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   ILC Holdings   ), ILC Industries, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   ILC Industries   ), Data Device Corporation, a Delaware corporation (   DDC   ), Beta Transformer Technology Corporation, a New York corporation (   Beta Corporation   ), and Beta Transformer Technology LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (collectively with TD Group, Adams Rite, Marathon, Champion, Avionic, Skurka, CDA, ATI, Avtech, Transicoil, AeroControlex, Bruce Aerospace, CEF, Acme, Dukes, Semco, Hartwell, McKechnie Aerospace DE, McKechnie Aerospace Holdings, McKechnie Aerospace Investments, McKechnie Aerospace US, Rotronics, Electromech, Schneller, HARCO, AmSafe Global, Bridport Holdings, AmSafe Inc., Shield, Bridport-Air, Bridport Erie, Arkwin, Whippany, Aerosonic, Avionics Specialties, Airborne Global, Airborne Holdings, Airborne Acquisitions, Airborne Systems NA, Airborne Systems North America, Airborne Systems North America CA, Airborne Systems North America NJ, Telair US, Telair International, Pexco Aerospace, PneuDraulics, Breeze-Eastern, ILC Holdings, ILC Industries, DDC and Beta Corporation, the    Existing Guarantors   ), and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (the    Trustee   ) under the Indenture referred to below. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meaning assigned to them in the Indenture. 
  
   - 2 -     

WITNESSETH:  
  WHEREAS  , the Company and the Existing Guarantors have heretofore executed and delivered to the Trustee an indenture, dated as of July 1, 2013 (as supplemented by the First Supplemental Indenture thereto, dated as of December 19, 2013, the Second Supplemental Indenture thereto, dated as of April 9, 2015, the Third Supplemental Indenture thereto, dated as of May 29, 2015, the Fourth Supplemental Indenture thereto, dated as of August 28, 2015, the Fifth Supplemental Indenture thereto, dated as of April 1, 2016, and the Sixth Supplemental Indenture thereto, dated as of July 8, 2016, the    Indenture   ), providing for the issuance by the Company of 7.50% Senior Subordinated Notes due 2021 (the    Notes   ) and the guarantees thereof by each of the Existing Guarantors;  
  WHEREAS  , the Indenture provides that under certain circumstances described therein, newly created or acquired Domestic Restricted Subsidiaries shall execute and deliver to the Trustee a supplemental indenture to the Indenture providing for a senior subordinated guarantee of payment of the Notes by such Domestic Restricted Subsidiary (the    Guarantee     
  WHEREAS  , all things necessary to make this Supplemental Indenture the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company, the Existing Guarantors and the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries have been done; and  
  WHEREAS  , pursuant to Section 9.01(g) of the Indenture, the Trustee is authorized to execute and deliver this Supplemental Indenture without the consent of the Holders of the Notes.  
  NOW, THEREFORE  , in consideration of the foregoing and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, each of the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries covenants and agrees for the equal and ratable benefit of the Holders of the Notes as follows:  
           1. 
    CAPITALIZED TERMS  . Capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture.  
              2. 
    GUARANTEE, ETC  . Each of the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries hereby agrees that from and after the date hereof it shall be a Guarantor under the Indenture and be bound by the terms thereof applicable to Guarantors and shall be entitled to all of the rights and subject to all the obligations of a Guarantor thereunder.  
              3. 
    RATIFICATION OF INDENTURE; SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE PART OF INDENTURE  . The Indenture is in all respects ratified and confirmed and all the terms, conditions and provisions thereof shall remain in full force and effect. This Supplemental Indenture shall form a part of the Indenture for all purposes, and every holder of Notes heretofore or hereafter authenticated and delivered shall be bound hereby.  
              4. 
    EXECUTION AND DELIVERY  . Each of the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries agrees that the Guarantee granted by it pursuant to the terms hereof shall remain in full force and effect notwithstanding any failure to endorse on each Note a notation of such Guarantee.  
              5. 
    NO RECOURSE AGAINST OTHERS  . No past, present or future director, officer, employee, incorporator, stockholder or agent of any of the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries (or any successor entity) (other than the Company or the Existing Guarantors), as such, shall have any liability for any obligations of the Company, TD Group, the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries or any other Guarantor under the Notes, any Guarantee, the Indenture or this Supplemental Indenture or for any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason of, such obligations or their creation. Each Holder of the Notes by accepting a Note waives and releases all such liability. The waiver and release are part of the consideration for issuance of the Notes.  
              6. 
    NEW YORK LAW TO GOVERN  . THE INTERNAL LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SHALL GOVERN AND BE USED TO CONSTRUE THIS SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE AND THE GUARANTEE GRANTED HEREUNDER WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO APPLICABLE  
     
   - 3 -     

PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAW TO THE EXTENT THAT THE APPLICATION OF THE LAWS OF ANOTHER JURISDICTION WOULD BE REQUIRED THEREBY.  
           7. 
    COUNTERPART ORIGINALS  . The parties may sign any number of copies of this Supplemental Indenture. Each signed copy shall be an original, but all of them together represent the same agreement.  
              8. 
    EFFECT OF HEADINGS  . The Section headings have been inserted for convenience of reference only, are not to be considered part of this Supplemental Indenture and shall in no way modify or restrict any of the terms or provisions hereof.  
              9. 
    THE TRUSTEE  . The Trustee shall not be responsible in any manner whatsoever for or in respect of the validity or sufficiency of this Supplemental Indenture or for or in respect of the recitals contained herein, all of which recitals are made solely by the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries, the Existing Guarantors and the Company.  
     [Signature pages follow.] 

- 4 -     

IN WITNESS WHEREOF  , the parties hereto have caused this Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed as of the date hereof.  
  TRANSDIGM INC. 
           By: 
    /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
              Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title:  
    Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
     TRANSDIGM GROUP INCORPORATED 
           By: 
    /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
              Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title 
    Executive Vice President and Chief   Financial Officer 
       
  ACME AEROSPACE, INC. 
  ADAMS RITE AEROSPACE, INC. 
  AIRBORNE SYSTEMS NORTH AMERICA OF NJ INC. 
  AMSAFE GLOBAL HOLDINGS, INC. 
  AMSAFE, INC. 
  ARKWIN INDUSTRIES, INC. 
  AVTECHTYEE, INC. 
  BRUCE AEROSPACE INC. 
  DUKES AEROSPACE, INC. 
  ELECTROMECH TECHNOLOGIES LLC 
  By:    McKechnie Aerospace Investments, Inc., its sole  
                      member 
  HARTWELL CORPORATION 
  JOHNSON LIVERPOOL LLC 
  By:    Young   Franklin Inc., its sole member 
  MARATHONNORCO AEROSPACE, INC. 
  MCKECHNIE AEROSPACE INVESTMENTS, INC. 
  PEXCO AEROSPACE, INC. 
  PNEUDRAULICS, INC. 
  SHIELD RESTRAINT SYSTEMS, INC. 
  SEMCO INSTRUMENTS, INC. 
  SKURKA AEROSPACE INC. 
  TACTAIR FLUID CONTROLS, INC. 
  TEXAS ROTRONICS, INC. 
  YOUNG   FRANKLIN INC. 
  By:      /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
           Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title: 
    Chief Executive Officer 

[Signature page to the Seventh Supplemental Indenture   2021 Notes] 

AEROCONTROLEX GROUP, INC. 
  AIRBORNE ACQUISITION, INC. 
  AIRBORNE GLOBAL, INC. 
  AIRBORNE HOLDINGS, INC. 
  AVIATION TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
  BRIDPORT HOLDINGS, INC. 
  BRIDPORT-AIR CARRIER, INC. 
  MCKECHNIE AEROSPACE DE, INC. 
  MCKECHNIE AEROSPACE US LLC 
  By:    McKechnie Aerospace DE, Inc., its sole member 
  TRANSICOIL LLC 
  By:    Aviation Technologies, Inc., its sole member 
  By:      /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
           Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title: 
    President and Chief Executive Officer 
     AEROSONIC LLC 
  AVIONIC INSTRUMENTS LLC 
  BREEZE-EASTERN LLC 
  CDA INTERCORP LLC 
  CEF INDUSTRIES, LLC 
  CHAMPION AEROSPACE LLC 
  HARCO LLC 
  SCHNELLER LLC 
  TELAIR US LLC 
  WHIPPANY ACTUATION SYSTEMS, LLC     
  By:    TransDigm Inc., its sole member 
  TELAIR INTERNATIONAL LLC 
  By:    Telair US LLC, its sole member 
  By:      /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
           Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title: 
    Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
       
  AIRBORNE SYSTEMS NA INC. 
  AIRBORNE SYSTEMS NORTH AMERICA INC. 
  AVIONICS SPECIALTIES, INC. 
  MCKECHNIE AEROSPACE HOLDINGS, INC. 
  By:      /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
           Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title: 
    President 
       
  BRIDPORT ERIE AVIATION, INC. 
  By:      /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
           Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title: 
    Vice President and Treasurer 
                              
  AIRBORNE SYSTEMS NORTH AMERICA OF CA INC. 
  By:      /s/ Sean P. Maroney     
           Name: 
    Sean P. Maroney 
              Title: 
    Treasurer 
     
   [Signature page to the Seventh Supplemental Indenture   2021 Notes] 

BETA TRANSFORMER TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION 
  BETA TRANSFORMER TECHNOLOGY LLC 
  By:    Beta Transformer Technology Corporation, its 
  sole member 
  DATA DEVICE CORPORATION 
  ILC HOLDINGS, INC. 
  ILC INDUSTRIES, LLC 
  By:    ILC Holdings, Inc., its sole member 
  By:      /s/ Halle F. Terrion     
           Name: 
    Halle F. Terrion 
              Title: 
    Secretary 
     
   [Signature page to the Seventh Supplemental Indenture   2021 Notes] 

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, N.A., AS TRUSTEE 
  By:          /s/ Lawrence M. Kusch     
           Name: 
    Lawrence M. Kusch 
              Title: 
    Vice President 

[Signature page to the Seventh Supplemental Indenture   2021 Notes] 

</EX-4.19>

<EX-4.24>
 29
 exhibit424.htm
 EXHIBIT 4.24

Exhibit 

Exhibit 4.24 

TRANSDIGM INC.,  
  TRANSDIGM GROUP INCORPORATED,  
  THE GUARANTORS NAMED HEREIN,  
  AND  
  THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, N.A.,  
  as Trustee  
  
  FOURTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE  
  Dated as of April 1, 2016 
  to  
  Indenture  
  Dated as of June 4, 2014 
  by and among  
  TRANSDIGM INC.,  
  TRANSDIGM GROUP INCORPORATED,  
  THE GUARANTORS NAMED THEREIN,  
  AND  
  THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, N.A.,  
  as Trustee  
  
  6.000% Senior Subordinated Notes due 2022  
  of TransDigm Inc.  

This   FOURTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE   (this    Supplemental Indenture   ), dated as of April 1, 2016, by and among Breeze-Eastern LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the    Guaranteeing Subsidiary   ), TransDigm Inc., a Delaware corporation (the    Company   ), TransDigm Group Incorporated, a Delaware corporation (   TD Group   ), Adams Rite Aerospace, Inc., a California corporation (   Adams Rite   ), MarathonNorco Aerospace, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Marathon   ), Champion Aerospace LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Champion   ), Avionic Instruments LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Avionic   ), Skurka Aerospace Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Skurka   ), CDA InterCorp LLC, a Florida limited liability company (   CDA   ), Aviation Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   ATI   ), AvtechTyee, Inc., a Washington corporation (   Avtech   ), Transicoil LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Transicoil   ), AeroControlex Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   AeroControlex   ), Bruce Aerospace Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Bruce Aerospace   ), CEF Industries, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   CEF   ), Acme Aerospace, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Acme   ), Dukes Aerospace, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Dukes   ), Semco Instruments, Inc., a Delaware corporation, (   Semco   ), Hartwell Corporation, a California corporation (   Hartwell   ), McKechnie Aerospace DE, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   McKechnie Aerospace DE   ), McKechnie Aerospace Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   McKechnie Aerospace Holdings   ), McKechnie Aerospace Investments, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   McKechnie Aerospace Investments   ), McKechnie Aerospace US LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   McKechnie Aerospace US   ), Texas Rotronics, Inc., a Texas corporation (   Rotronics   ), Electromech Technologies LLC (formerly Western Sky Industries, LLC), a Delaware limited liability company (   Electromech   ), Schneller LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Schneller   ), HARCO LLC (formerly Harco Laboratories, Incorporated), a Connecticut limited liability company (   HARCO   ), AmSafe Global Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   AmSafe Global   ), Bridport Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Bridport Holdings   ), AmSafe, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   AmSafe Inc.   ), Shield Restraint Systems, Inc. (formerly AmSafe Commercial Products, Inc.), a Delaware corporation (   Shield   ), Bridport-Air Carrier, Inc., a Washington corporation (   Bridport-Air   ), Bridport Erie Aviation, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Bridport Erie   ), Arkwin Industries, Inc., a New York corporation (   Arkwin   ), Whippany Actuation Systems, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Whippany   ), Aerosonic LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Aerosonic   ), Avionics Specialties, Inc., a Virginia corporation (   Avionics Specialties   ), Airborne Global, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Airborne Global   ), Airborne Holdings, Inc., a Delaware Corporation (   Airborne Holdings   ), Airborne Acquisition, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Airborne Acquisitions   ), Airborne Systems NA Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Airborne Systems NA   ), Airborne Systems North America Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Airborne Systems North America   ), Airborne Systems North America of CA Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Airborne Systems North America CA   ), Airborne Systems North America of NJ Inc., a New Jersey corporation (   Airborne Systems North America NJ   ), Telair US LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Telair US   ), Telair International LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Telair International   ), Pexco Aerospace, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Pexco Aerospace   ) and PneuDraulics, Inc., a California corporation (collectively with TD Group, Adams Rite, Marathon, Champion, Avionic, Skurka, CDA, ATI, Avtech, Transicoil, AeroControlex, Bruce Aerospace, CEF, Acme, Dukes, Semco, Hartwell, McKechnie Aerospace DE, McKechnie Aerospace Holdings, McKechnie Aerospace Investments, McKechnie Aerospace US, Rotronics, Electromech, Schneller, HARCO, AmSafe Global, Bridport Holdings, AmSafe Inc., Shield, Bridport-Air, Bridport Erie, Arkwin, Whippany, Aerosonic, Avionics Specialties, Airborne Global, Airborne Holdings, Airborne Acquisitions, Airborne Systems NA, Airborne Systems North America, Airborne Systems North America CA, Airborne Systems North America NJ, Telair US, Telair International and Pexco Aerospace, the    Existing Guarantors   ), and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (the    Trustee   ) under the Indenture referred to below. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meaning assigned to them in the Indenture. 
  
   - 2 -     

WITNESSETH:  
  WHEREAS  , the Company and the Existing Guarantors have heretofore executed and delivered to the Trustee an indenture, dated as of June 4, 2014 (as supplemented by the First Supplemental Indenture thereto, dated as of April 9, 2015, the Second Supplemental Indenture thereto, dated as of June 12, 2015 and the Third Supplemental Indenture thereto, dated August 28, 2015, the    Indenture   ), providing for the issuance by the Company of 6.000% Senior Subordinated Notes due 2022 (the    Notes   ) and the guarantees thereof by each of the Existing Guarantors;  
  WHEREAS  , the Indenture provides that under certain circumstances described therein, newly created or acquired Domestic Restricted Subsidiaries shall execute and deliver to the Trustee a supplemental indenture to the Indenture providing for a senior subordinated guarantee of payment of the Notes by such Domestic Restricted Subsidiary (the    Guarantee     
  WHEREAS  , all things necessary to make this Supplemental Indenture the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company, the Existing Guarantors and the Guaranteeing Subsidiary have been done; and  
  WHEREAS  , pursuant to Section 9.01(g) of the Indenture, the Trustee is authorized to execute and deliver this Supplemental Indenture without the consent of the Holders of the Notes.  
  NOW, THEREFORE  , in consideration of the foregoing and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the Guaranteeing Subsidiary covenants and agrees for the equal and ratable benefit of the Holders of the Notes as follows:  
           1. 
    CAPITALIZED TERMS  . Capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture.  
              2. 
    GUARANTEE, ETC  . The Guaranteeing Subsidiary hereby agrees that from and after the date hereof it shall be a Guarantor under the Indenture and be bound by the terms thereof applicable to Guarantors and shall be entitled to all of the rights and subject to all the obligations of a Guarantor thereunder.  
              3. 
    RATIFICATION OF INDENTURE; SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE PART OF INDENTURE  . The Indenture is in all respects ratified and confirmed and all the terms, conditions and provisions thereof shall remain in full force and effect. This Supplemental Indenture shall form a part of the Indenture for all purposes, and every holder of Notes heretofore or hereafter authenticated and delivered shall be bound hereby.  
              4. 
    EXECUTION AND DELIVERY  . The Guaranteeing Subsidiary agrees that the Guarantee granted by it pursuant to the terms hereof shall remain in full force and effect notwithstanding any failure to endorse on each Note a notation of such Guarantee.  
              5. 
    NO RECOURSE AGAINST OTHERS  . No past, present or future director, officer, employee, incorporator, stockholder or agent of the Guaranteeing Subsidiary (or any successor entity) (other than the Company or the Existing Guarantors), as such, shall have any liability for any obligations of the Company, TD Group, the Guaranteeing Subsidiary or any other Guarantor under the Notes, any Guarantee, the Indenture or this Supplemental Indenture or for any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason of, such obligations or their creation. Each Holder of the Notes by accepting a Note waives and releases all such liability. The waiver and release are part of the consideration for issuance of the Notes.  
              6. 
    NEW YORK LAW TO GOVERN  . THE INTERNAL LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SHALL GOVERN AND BE USED TO CONSTRUE THIS SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE AND THE GUARANTEE GRANTED HEREUNDER WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO APPLICABLE PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAW TO THE EXTENT THAT THE APPLICATION OF THE LAWS OF ANOTHER JURISDICTION WOULD BE REQUIRED THEREBY.  
     
   - 3 -     

7. 
    COUNTERPART ORIGINALS  . The parties may sign any number of copies of this Supplemental Indenture. Each signed copy shall be an original, but all of them together represent the same agreement.  
              8. 
    EFFECT OF HEADINGS  . The Section headings have been inserted for convenience of reference only, are not to be considered part of this Supplemental Indenture and shall in no way modify or restrict any of the terms or provisions hereof.  
              9. 
    THE TRUSTEE  . The Trustee shall not be responsible in any manner whatsoever for or in respect of the validity or sufficiency of this Supplemental Indenture or for or in respect of the recitals contained herein, all of which recitals are made solely by the Guaranteeing Subsidiary, the Existing Guarantors and the Company.  
     [Signature page follows.] 
  
   - 4 -     

IN WITNESS WHEREOF  , the parties hereto have caused this Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed as of the date hereof.  
  TRANSDIGM INC. 
           By: 
    /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
              Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title:  
    Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
     TRANSDIGM GROUP INCORPORATED 
           By: 
    /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
              Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title 
    Executive Vice President and Chief   Financial Officer 
       
  ACME AEROSPACE, INC. 
  ADAMS RITE AEROSPACE, INC. 
  AEROCONTROLEX GROUP, INC. 
  AIRBORNE ACQUISITION, INC. 
  AIRBORNE GLOBAL, INC. 
  AIRBORNE HOLDINGS, INC. 
  AIRBORNE SYSTEMS NORTH AMERICA OF CA INC. 
  AIRBORNE SYSTEMS NORTH AMERICA OF NJ INC. 
  AMSAFE GLOBAL HOLDINGS, INC. 
  AMSAFE, INC. 
  ARKWIN INDUSTRIES, INC. 
  AVIATION TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
  AVTECHTYEE, INC. 
  BRIDPORT-AIR CARRIER, INC. 
  BRIDPORT HOLDINGS, INC. 
  BRUCE AEROSPACE INC. 
  HARTWELL CORPORATION 
  MARATHONNORCO AEROSPACE, INC. 
  MCKECHNIE AEROSPACE DE, INC. 
  MCKECHNIE AEROSPACE US LLC 
           By: 
    McKechnie Aerospace DE, Inc., its sole member 
     SHIELD RESTRAINT SYSTEMS, INC. 
  SEMCO INSTRUMENTS, INC. 
  SKURKA AEROSPACE INC. 
  
   [Signature page to the Fourth Supplemental Indenture   2022 Notes] 

TEXAS ROTRONICS, INC. 
  TRANSICOIL LLC 
           By: 
    Aviation Technologies, Inc., its sole member 
     By:      /s/ Gregory Rufus     
           Name: 
    Gregory Rufus 
              Title: 
    Chief Executive Officer 
     AEROSONIC LLC 
  AVIONIC INSTRUMENTS LLC 
  BREEZE-EASTERN LLC 
  CDA INTERCORP LLC 
  CEF INDUSTRIES, LLC 
  CHAMPION AEROSPACE LLC 
  HARCO LLC 
  SCHNELLER LLC 
  TELAIR INTERNATIONAL LLC 
  TELAIR US LLC 
  WHIPPANY ACTUATION SYSTEMS, LLC     
  By:    TransDigm Inc., its sole member 
  By:      /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
           Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title: 
    Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
       
  AIRBORNE SYSTEMS NA INC. 
  AIRBORNE SYSTEMS NORTH AMERICA INC. 
  AVIONICS SPECIALTIES, INC. 
  ELECTROMECH TECHNOLOGIES LLC 
           By: 
    McKechnie Aerospace Investments, Inc., its sole member 
     MCKECHNIE AEROSPACE HOLDINGS, INC. 
  MCKECHNIE AEROSPACE INVESTMENTS, INC. 
  By:      /s/ Gregory Rufus     
           Name: 
    Gregory Rufus 
              Title: 
    President 
       
  BRIDPORT ERIE AVIATION, INC. 
  By:      /s/ Gregory Rufus     
           Name: 
    Gregory Rufus 
              Title: 
    Vice President and Treasurer 
       
  DUKES AEROSPACE, INC. 
  By:      /s/ Gregory Rufus     
           Name: 
    Gregory Rufus 
              Title: 
    Chairman of the Board 
       
  PEXCO AEROSPACE, INC. 
  By:      /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
           Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title: 
    President 
     
   [Signature page to the Fourth Supplemental Indenture   2022 Notes] 

PNEUDRAULICS, INC. 
  By:      /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
           Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title: 
    Chief Executive Officer 

[Signature page to the Fourth Supplemental Indenture   2022 Notes] 

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, N.A., AS TRUSTEE 
  By:          /s/ Lawrence M. Kusch     
           Name: 
    Lawrence M. Kusch 
              Title: 
    Vice President 

[Signature page to the Fourth Supplemental Indenture   2022 Notes] 

</EX-4.24>

<EX-4.25>
 30
 exhibit425.htm
 EXHIBIT 4.25

Exhibit 

Exhibit 4.25 

TRANSDIGM INC.,  
  TRANSDIGM GROUP INCORPORATED,  
  THE GUARANTORS NAMED HEREIN,  
  AND  
  THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, N.A.,  
  as Trustee  
  
  FIFTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE  
  Dated as of July 8, 2016 
  to  
  Indenture  
  Dated as of June 4, 2014 
  by and among  
  TRANSDIGM INC.,  
  TRANSDIGM GROUP INCORPORATED,  
  THE GUARANTORS NAMED THEREIN,  
  AND  
  THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, N.A.,  
  as Trustee  
  
  6.000% Senior Subordinated Notes due 2022  
  of TransDigm Inc.  

This   FIFTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE   (this    Supplemental Indenture   ), dated as of July 8, 2016, by and among ILC Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   ILC Holdings   ), ILC Industries, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   ILC Industries   ), Data Device Corporation, a Delaware corporation (   DDC   ), Beta Transformer Technology Corporation, a New York corporation (   Beta Corporation   ), and Beta Transformer Technology LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Beta LLC    and, together with ILC Holdings, ILC Industries, DDC and Beta Corporation, the    Guaranteeing Subsidiaries   ), TransDigm Inc., a Delaware corporation (the    Company   ), TransDigm Group Incorporated, a Delaware corporation (   TD Group   ), Adams Rite Aerospace, Inc., a California corporation (   Adams Rite   ), MarathonNorco Aerospace, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Marathon   ), Champion Aerospace LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Champion   ), Avionic Instruments LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Avionic   ), Skurka Aerospace Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Skurka   ), CDA InterCorp LLC, a Florida limited liability company (   CDA   ), Aviation Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   ATI   ), AvtechTyee, Inc., a Washington corporation (   Avtech   ), Transicoil LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Transicoil   ), AeroControlex Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   AeroControlex   ), Bruce Aerospace Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Bruce Aerospace   ), CEF Industries, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   CEF   ), Acme Aerospace, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Acme   ), Dukes Aerospace, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Dukes   ), Semco Instruments, Inc., a Delaware corporation, (   Semco   ), Hartwell Corporation, a California corporation (   Hartwell   ), McKechnie Aerospace DE, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   McKechnie Aerospace DE   ), McKechnie Aerospace Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   McKechnie Aerospace Holdings   ), McKechnie Aerospace Investments, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   McKechnie Aerospace Investments   ), McKechnie Aerospace US LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   McKechnie Aerospace US   ), Texas Rotronics, Inc., a Texas corporation (   Rotronics   ), Electromech Technologies LLC (formerly Western Sky Industries, LLC), a Delaware limited liability company (   Electromech   ), Schneller LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Schneller   ), HARCO LLC (formerly Harco Laboratories, Incorporated), a Connecticut limited liability company (   HARCO   ), AmSafe Global Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   AmSafe Global   ), Bridport Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Bridport Holdings   ), AmSafe, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   AmSafe Inc.   ), Shield Restraint Systems, Inc. (formerly AmSafe Commercial Products, Inc.), a Delaware corporation (   Shield   ), Bridport-Air Carrier, Inc., a Washington corporation (   Bridport-Air   ), Bridport Erie Aviation, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Bridport Erie   ), Arkwin Industries, Inc., a New York corporation (   Arkwin   ), Whippany Actuation Systems, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Whippany   ), Aerosonic LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Aerosonic   ), Avionics Specialties, Inc., a Virginia corporation (   Avionics Specialties   ), Airborne Global, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Airborne Global   ), Airborne Holdings, Inc., a Delaware Corporation (   Airborne Holdings   ), Airborne Acquisition, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Airborne Acquisitions   ), Airborne Systems NA Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Airborne Systems NA   ), Airborne Systems North America Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Airborne Systems North America   ), Airborne Systems North America of CA Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Airborne Systems North America CA   ), Airborne Systems North America of NJ Inc., a New Jersey corporation (   Airborne Systems North America NJ   ), Telair US LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Telair US   ), Telair International LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Telair International   ), Pexco Aerospace, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Pexco Aerospace   ), PneuDraulics, Inc., a California corporation (   PneuDraulics   ) and Breeze-Eastern LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (collectively with TD Group, Adams Rite, Marathon, Champion, Avionic, Skurka, CDA, ATI, Avtech, Transicoil, AeroControlex, Bruce Aerospace, CEF, Acme, Dukes, Semco, Hartwell, McKechnie Aerospace DE, McKechnie Aerospace Holdings, McKechnie Aerospace Investments, McKechnie Aerospace US, Rotronics, Electromech, Schneller, HARCO, AmSafe Global, Bridport Holdings, AmSafe Inc., Shield, Bridport-Air, Bridport Erie, Arkwin, Whippany, Aerosonic, Avionics Specialties, Airborne Global, Airborne Holdings, Airborne Acquisitions, Airborne Systems NA, Airborne Systems North America, Airborne Systems North America CA, Airborne Systems North America NJ, Telair US, Telair International, Pexco Aerospace and PneuDraulics, the    Existing Guarantors   ), and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (the    Trustee   ) under the Indenture referred to below. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meaning assigned to them in the Indenture. 
  
   - 2 -     

WITNESSETH:  
  WHEREAS  , the Company and the Existing Guarantors have heretofore executed and delivered to the Trustee an indenture, dated as of June 4, 2014 (as supplemented by the First Supplemental Indenture thereto, dated as of April 9, 2015, the Second Supplemental Indenture thereto, dated as of June 12, 2015, the Third Supplemental Indenture thereto, dated August 28, 2015 and the Fourth Supplemental Indenture thereto, dated April 1, 2016, the    Indenture   ), providing for the issuance by the Company of 6.000% Senior Subordinated Notes due 2022 (the    Notes   ) and the guarantees thereof by each of the Existing Guarantors;  
  WHEREAS  , the Indenture provides that under certain circumstances described therein, newly created or acquired Domestic Restricted Subsidiaries shall execute and deliver to the Trustee a supplemental indenture to the Indenture providing for a senior subordinated guarantee of payment of the Notes by such Domestic Restricted Subsidiary (the    Guarantee     
  WHEREAS  , all things necessary to make this Supplemental Indenture the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company, the Existing Guarantors and the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries have been done; and  
  WHEREAS  , pursuant to Section 9.01(g) of the Indenture, the Trustee is authorized to execute and deliver this Supplemental Indenture without the consent of the Holders of the Notes.  
  NOW, THEREFORE  , in consideration of the foregoing and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, each of the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries covenants and agrees for the equal and ratable benefit of the Holders of the Notes as follows:  
           1. 
    CAPITALIZED TERMS  . Capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture.  
              2. 
    GUARANTEE, ETC  . Each of the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries hereby agrees that from and after the date hereof it shall be a Guarantor under the Indenture and be bound by the terms thereof applicable to Guarantors and shall be entitled to all of the rights and subject to all the obligations of a Guarantor thereunder.  
              3. 
    RATIFICATION OF INDENTURE; SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE PART OF INDENTURE  . The Indenture is in all respects ratified and confirmed and all the terms, conditions and provisions thereof shall remain in full force and effect. This Supplemental Indenture shall form a part of the Indenture for all purposes, and every holder of Notes heretofore or hereafter authenticated and delivered shall be bound hereby.  
              4. 
    EXECUTION AND DELIVERY  . Each of the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries agrees that the Guarantee granted by it pursuant to the terms hereof shall remain in full force and effect notwithstanding any failure to endorse on each Note a notation of such Guarantee.  
              5. 
    NO RECOURSE AGAINST OTHERS  . No past, present or future director, officer, employee, incorporator, stockholder or agent of any of the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries (or any successor entity) (other than the Company or the Existing Guarantors), as such, shall have any liability for any obligations of the Company, TD Group, the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries or any other Guarantor under the Notes, any Guarantee, the Indenture or this Supplemental Indenture or for any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason of, such obligations or their creation. Each Holder of the Notes by accepting a Note waives and releases all such liability. The waiver and release are part of the consideration for issuance of the Notes.  
              6. 
    NEW YORK LAW TO GOVERN  . THE INTERNAL LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SHALL GOVERN AND BE USED TO CONSTRUE THIS SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE AND THE GUARANTEE GRANTED HEREUNDER WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO APPLICABLE PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAW TO THE EXTENT THAT THE APPLICATION OF THE LAWS OF ANOTHER JURISDICTION WOULD BE REQUIRED THEREBY.  
     
   - 3 -     

7. 
    COUNTERPART ORIGINALS  . The parties may sign any number of copies of this Supplemental Indenture. Each signed copy shall be an original, but all of them together represent the same agreement.  
              8. 
    EFFECT OF HEADINGS  . The Section headings have been inserted for convenience of reference only, are not to be considered part of this Supplemental Indenture and shall in no way modify or restrict any of the terms or provisions hereof.  
              9. 
    THE TRUSTEE  . The Trustee shall not be responsible in any manner whatsoever for or in respect of the validity or sufficiency of this Supplemental Indenture or for or in respect of the recitals contained herein, all of which recitals are made solely by the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries, the Existing Guarantors and the Company.  
     [Signature page follows.] 
  
   - 4 -     

IN WITNESS WHEREOF  , the parties hereto have caused this Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed as of the date hereof.  
  TRANSDIGM INC. 
           By: 
    /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
              Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title:  
    Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
     TRANSDIGM GROUP INCORPORATED 
           By: 
    /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
              Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title 
    Executive Vice President and Chief   Financial Officer  
       
  ACME AEROSPACE, INC. 
  ADAMS RITE AEROSPACE, INC. 
  AIRBORNE SYSTEMS NORTH AMERICA OF NJ INC. 
  AMSAFE GLOBAL HOLDINGS, INC. 
  AMSAFE, INC. 
  ARKWIN INDUSTRIES, INC. 
  AVTECHTYEE, INC. 
  BRUCE AEROSPACE INC. 
  DUKES AEROSPACE, INC. 
  ELECTROMECH TECHNOLOGIES LLC 
  By:    McKechnie Aerospace Investments, Inc., its sole  
                      member 
  HARTWELL CORPORATION 
  MARATHONNORCO AEROSPACE, INC. 
  MCKECHNIE AEROSPACE INVESTMENTS, INC. 
  PEXCO AEROSPACE, INC. 
  PNEUDRAULICS, INC. 
  SHIELD RESTRAINT SYSTEMS, INC. 
  SEMCO INSTRUMENTS, INC. 
  SKURKA AEROSPACE INC. 
  TEXAS ROTRONICS, INC. 
  By:      /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
           Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title: 
    Chief Executive Officer 

[Signature page to the Fifth Supplemental Indenture   2022 Notes] 

AEROCONTROLEX GROUP, INC. 
  AIRBORNE ACQUISITION, INC. 
  AIRBORNE GLOBAL, INC. 
  AIRBORNE HOLDINGS, INC. 
  AVIATION TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
  BRIDPORT HOLDINGS, INC. 
  BRIDPORT-AIR CARRIER, INC. 
  MCKECHNIE AEROSPACE DE, INC. 
  MCKECHNIE AEROSPACE US LLC 
  By:    McKechnie Aerospace DE, Inc., its sole member 
  TRANSICOIL LLC 
  By:    Aviation Technologies, Inc., its sole member 
  By:      /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
           Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title: 
    President and Chief Executive Officer 
     AEROSONIC LLC 
  AVIONIC INSTRUMENTS LLC 
  BREEZE-EASTERN LLC 
  CDA INTERCORP LLC 
  CEF INDUSTRIES, LLC 
  CHAMPION AEROSPACE LLC 
  HARCO LLC 
  SCHNELLER LLC 
  TELAIR US LLC 
  WHIPPANY ACTUATION SYSTEMS, LLC     
  By:    TransDigm Inc., its sole member 
  TELAIR INTERNATIONAL LLC 
  By:    Telair US LLC, its sole member 
  By:      /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
           Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title: 
    Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
       
  AIRBORNE SYSTEMS NA INC. 
  AIRBORNE SYSTEMS NORTH AMERICA INC. 
  AVIONICS SPECIALTIES, INC. 
  MCKECHNIE AEROSPACE HOLDINGS, INC. 
  By:      /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
           Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title: 
    President 
       
  BRIDPORT ERIE AVIATION, INC. 
  By:      /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
           Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title: 
    Vice President and Treasurer 
                              
  AIRBORNE SYSTEMS NORTH AMERICA OF CA INC. 
  By:      /s/ Sean P. Maroney     
           Name: 
    Sean P. Maroney 
              Title: 
    Treasurer 
     
   [Signature page to the Fifth Supplemental Indenture   2022 Notes] 

BETA TRANSFORMER TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION 
  DATA DEVICE CORPORATION 
  ILC HOLDINGS, INC. 
  ILC INDUSTRIES, LLC 
  By:    ILC Holdings, Inc., its sole member 
  By:      /s/ Halle F. Terrion     
           Name: 
    Halle F. Terrion 
              Title: 
    Secretary 
       
  BETA TRANSFORMER TECHNOLOGY LLC 
  By:      /s/ Vincent Buffa     
           Name: 
    Vincent Buffa 
              Title: 
    Manager 

[Signature page to the Fifth Supplemental Indenture   2022 Notes] 

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, N.A., AS TRUSTEE 
  By:      /s/ Lawrence M. Kusch     
           Name: 
    Lawrence M. Kusch 
              Title: 
    Vice President 

[Signature page to the Fifth Supplemental Indenture   2022 Notes] 

</EX-4.25>

<EX-4.26>
 31
 exhibit426.htm
 EXHIBIT 4.26

Exhibit 

Exhibit 4.26 

TRANSDIGM INC.,  
  TRANSDIGM GROUP INCORPORATED,  
  THE GUARANTORS NAMED HEREIN,  
  AND  
  THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, N.A.,  
  as Trustee  
  
  SIXTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE  
  Dated as of October 28, 2016 
  to  
  Indenture  
  Dated as of June 4, 2014 
  by and among  
  TRANSDIGM INC.,  
  TRANSDIGM GROUP INCORPORATED,  
  THE GUARANTORS NAMED THEREIN,  
  AND  
  THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, N.A.,  
  as Trustee  
  
  6.000% Senior Subordinated Notes due 2022  
  of TransDigm Inc.  

This   SIXTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE   (this    Supplemental Indenture   ), dated as of October 28, 2016, by and among Young   Franklin Inc., a New York corporation (   Young   Franklin   ), Tactair Fluid Controls, Inc., a New York corporation (   Tactair   ), and Johnson Liverpool LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (together with Young   Franklin and Tactair, the    Guaranteeing Subsidiaries   ), TransDigm Inc., a Delaware corporation (the    Company   ), TransDigm Group Incorporated, a Delaware corporation (   TD Group   ), Adams Rite Aerospace, Inc., a California corporation (   Adams Rite   ), MarathonNorco Aerospace, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Marathon   ), Champion Aerospace LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Champion   ), Avionic Instruments LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Avionic   ), Skurka Aerospace Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Skurka   ), CDA InterCorp LLC, a Florida limited liability company (   CDA   ), Aviation Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   ATI   ), AvtechTyee, Inc., a Washington corporation (   Avtech   ), Transicoil LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Transicoil   ), AeroControlex Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   AeroControlex   ), Bruce Aerospace Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Bruce Aerospace   ), CEF Industries, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   CEF   ), Acme Aerospace, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Acme   ), Dukes Aerospace, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Dukes   ), Semco Instruments, Inc., a Delaware corporation, (   Semco   ), Hartwell Corporation, a California corporation (   Hartwell   ), McKechnie Aerospace DE, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   McKechnie Aerospace DE   ), McKechnie Aerospace Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   McKechnie Aerospace Holdings   ), McKechnie Aerospace Investments, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   McKechnie Aerospace Investments   ), McKechnie Aerospace US LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   McKechnie Aerospace US   ), Texas Rotronics, Inc., a Texas corporation (   Rotronics   ), Electromech Technologies LLC (formerly Western Sky Industries, LLC), a Delaware limited liability company (   Electromech   ), Schneller LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Schneller   ), HARCO LLC (formerly Harco Laboratories, Incorporated), a Connecticut limited liability company (   HARCO   ), AmSafe Global Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   AmSafe Global   ), Bridport Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Bridport Holdings   ), AmSafe, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   AmSafe Inc.   ), Shield Restraint Systems, Inc. (formerly AmSafe Commercial Products, Inc.), a Delaware corporation (   Shield   ), Bridport-Air Carrier, Inc., a Washington corporation (   Bridport-Air   ), Bridport Erie Aviation, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Bridport Erie   ), Arkwin Industries, Inc., a New York corporation (   Arkwin   ), Whippany Actuation Systems, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Whippany   ), Aerosonic LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Aerosonic   ), Avionics Specialties, Inc., a Virginia corporation (   Avionics Specialties   ), Airborne Global, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Airborne Global   ), Airborne Holdings, Inc., a Delaware Corporation (   Airborne Holdings   ), Airborne Acquisition, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Airborne Acquisitions   ), Airborne Systems NA Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Airborne Systems NA   ), Airborne Systems North America Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Airborne Systems North America   ), Airborne Systems North America of CA Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Airborne Systems North America CA   ), Airborne Systems North America of NJ Inc., a New Jersey corporation (   Airborne Systems North America NJ   ), Telair US LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Telair US   ), Telair International LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Telair International   ), Pexco Aerospace, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Pexco Aerospace   ), PneuDraulics, Inc., a California corporation (   PneuDraulics   ), Breeze-Eastern LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Breeze-Eastern   ), ILC Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   ILC Holdings   ), ILC Industries, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   ILC Industries   ), Data Device Corporation, a Delaware corporation (   DDC   ), Beta Transformer Technology Corporation, a New York corporation (   Beta Corporation   ), and Beta Transformer Technology LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (collectively with TD Group, Adams Rite, Marathon, Champion, Avionic, Skurka, CDA, ATI, Avtech, Transicoil, AeroControlex, Bruce Aerospace, CEF, Acme, Dukes, Semco, Hartwell, McKechnie Aerospace DE, McKechnie Aerospace Holdings, McKechnie Aerospace Investments, McKechnie Aerospace US, Rotronics, Electromech, Schneller, HARCO, AmSafe Global, Bridport Holdings, AmSafe Inc., Shield, Bridport-Air, Bridport Erie, Arkwin, Whippany, Aerosonic, Avionics Specialties, Airborne Global, Airborne Holdings, Airborne Acquisitions, Airborne Systems NA, Airborne Systems North America, Airborne Systems North America CA, Airborne Systems North America NJ, Telair US, Telair International, Pexco Aerospace, PneuDraulics, Breeze-Eastern, ILC Holdings, ILC Industries, DDC and Beta Corporation, the    Existing Guarantors   ), and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (the    Trustee   ) under the Indenture referred to below. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meaning assigned to them in the Indenture. 
  
   - 2 -     

WITNESSETH:  
  WHEREAS  , the Company and the Existing Guarantors have heretofore executed and delivered to the Trustee an indenture, dated as of June 4, 2014 (as supplemented by the First Supplemental Indenture thereto, dated as of April 9, 2015, the Second Supplemental Indenture thereto, dated as of June 12, 2015, the Third Supplemental Indenture thereto, dated as of August 28, 2015, the Fourth Supplemental Indenture thereto, dated as of April 1, 2016, and the Fifth Supplemental Indenture thereto, dated as of July 8, 2016, the    Indenture   ), providing for the issuance by the Company of 6.000% Senior Subordinated Notes due 2022 (the    Notes   ) and the guarantees thereof by each of the Existing Guarantors;  
  WHEREAS  , the Indenture provides that under certain circumstances described therein, newly created or acquired Domestic Restricted Subsidiaries shall execute and deliver to the Trustee a supplemental indenture to the Indenture providing for a senior subordinated guarantee of payment of the Notes by such Domestic Restricted Subsidiary (the    Guarantee     
  WHEREAS  , all things necessary to make this Supplemental Indenture the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company, the Existing Guarantors and the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries have been done; and  
  WHEREAS  , pursuant to Section 9.01(g) of the Indenture, the Trustee is authorized to execute and deliver this Supplemental Indenture without the consent of the Holders of the Notes.  
  NOW, THEREFORE  , in consideration of the foregoing and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, each of the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries covenants and agrees for the equal and ratable benefit of the Holders of the Notes as follows:  
           1. 
    CAPITALIZED TERMS  . Capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture.  
              2. 
    GUARANTEE, ETC  . Each of the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries hereby agrees that from and after the date hereof it shall be a Guarantor under the Indenture and be bound by the terms thereof applicable to Guarantors and shall be entitled to all of the rights and subject to all the obligations of a Guarantor thereunder.  
              3. 
    RATIFICATION OF INDENTURE; SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE PART OF INDENTURE  . The Indenture is in all respects ratified and confirmed and all the terms, conditions and provisions thereof shall remain in full force and effect. This Supplemental Indenture shall form a part of the Indenture for all purposes, and every holder of Notes heretofore or hereafter authenticated and delivered shall be bound hereby.  
              4. 
    EXECUTION AND DELIVERY  . Each of the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries agrees that the Guarantee granted by it pursuant to the terms hereof shall remain in full force and effect notwithstanding any failure to endorse on each Note a notation of such Guarantee.  
              5. 
    NO RECOURSE AGAINST OTHERS  . No past, present or future director, officer, employee, incorporator, stockholder or agent of any of the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries (or any successor entity) (other than the Company or the Existing Guarantors), as such, shall have any liability for any obligations of the Company, TD Group, the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries or any other Guarantor under the Notes, any Guarantee, the Indenture or this Supplemental Indenture or for any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason of, such obligations or their creation. Each Holder of the Notes by accepting a Note waives and releases all such liability. The waiver and release are part of the consideration for issuance of the Notes.  
              6. 
    NEW YORK LAW TO GOVERN  . THE INTERNAL LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SHALL GOVERN AND BE USED TO CONSTRUE THIS SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE AND THE GUARANTEE GRANTED HEREUNDER WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO APPLICABLE  
     
   - 3 -     

PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAW TO THE EXTENT THAT THE APPLICATION OF THE LAWS OF ANOTHER JURISDICTION WOULD BE REQUIRED THEREBY.  
           7. 
    COUNTERPART ORIGINALS  . The parties may sign any number of copies of this Supplemental Indenture. Each signed copy shall be an original, but all of them together represent the same agreement.  
              8. 
    EFFECT OF HEADINGS  . The Section headings have been inserted for convenience of reference only, are not to be considered part of this Supplemental Indenture and shall in no way modify or restrict any of the terms or provisions hereof.  
              9. 
    THE TRUSTEE  . The Trustee shall not be responsible in any manner whatsoever for or in respect of the validity or sufficiency of this Supplemental Indenture or for or in respect of the recitals contained herein, all of which recitals are made solely by the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries, the Existing Guarantors and the Company.  
     [Signature page follows.] 
  
   - 4 -     

IN WITNESS WHEREOF  , the parties hereto have caused this Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed as of the date hereof.  
  TRANSDIGM INC. 
           By: 
    /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
              Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title:  
    Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
     TRANSDIGM GROUP INCORPORATED 
           By: 
    /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
              Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title 
    Executive Vice President and Chief   Financial Officer  
       
  ACME AEROSPACE, INC. 
  ADAMS RITE AEROSPACE, INC. 
  AIRBORNE SYSTEMS NORTH AMERICA OF NJ INC. 
  AMSAFE GLOBAL HOLDINGS, INC. 
  AMSAFE, INC. 
  ARKWIN INDUSTRIES, INC. 
  AVTECHTYEE, INC. 
  BRUCE AEROSPACE INC. 
  DUKES AEROSPACE, INC. 
  ELECTROMECH TECHNOLOGIES LLC 
  By:    McKechnie Aerospace Investments, Inc., its sole  
                      member 
  HARTWELL CORPORATION 
  JOHNSON LIVERPOOL LLC 
  By:    Young   Franklin Inc., its sole member 
  MARATHONNORCO AEROSPACE, INC. 
  MCKECHNIE AEROSPACE INVESTMENTS, INC. 
  PEXCO AEROSPACE, INC. 
  PNEUDRAULICS, INC. 
  SHIELD RESTRAINT SYSTEMS, INC. 
  SEMCO INSTRUMENTS, INC. 
  SKURKA AEROSPACE INC. 
  TACTAIR FLUID CONTROLS, INC. 
  TEXAS ROTRONICS, INC. 
  YOUNG   FRANKLIN INC. 
  By:      /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
           Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title: 
    Chief Executive Officer 

[Signature page to the Sixth Supplemental Indenture   2022 Notes] 

AEROCONTROLEX GROUP, INC. 
  AIRBORNE ACQUISITION, INC. 
  AIRBORNE GLOBAL, INC. 
  AIRBORNE HOLDINGS, INC. 
  AVIATION TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
  BRIDPORT HOLDINGS, INC. 
  BRIDPORT-AIR CARRIER, INC. 
  MCKECHNIE AEROSPACE DE, INC. 
  MCKECHNIE AEROSPACE US LLC 
  By:    McKechnie Aerospace DE, Inc., its sole member 
  TRANSICOIL LLC 
  By:    Aviation Technologies, Inc., its sole member 
  By:      /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
           Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title: 
    President and Chief Executive Officer 
     AEROSONIC LLC 
  AVIONIC INSTRUMENTS LLC 
  BREEZE-EASTERN LLC 
  CDA INTERCORP LLC 
  CEF INDUSTRIES, LLC 
  CHAMPION AEROSPACE LLC 
  HARCO LLC 
  SCHNELLER LLC 
  TELAIR US LLC 
  WHIPPANY ACTUATION SYSTEMS, LLC     
  By:    TransDigm Inc., its sole member 
  TELAIR INTERNATIONAL LLC 
  By:    Telair US LLC, its sole member 
  By:      /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
           Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title: 
    Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
       
  AIRBORNE SYSTEMS NA INC. 
  AIRBORNE SYSTEMS NORTH AMERICA INC. 
  AVIONICS SPECIALTIES, INC. 
  MCKECHNIE AEROSPACE HOLDINGS, INC. 
  By:      /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
           Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title: 
    President 
       
  BRIDPORT ERIE AVIATION, INC. 
  By:      /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
           Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title: 
    Vice President and Treasurer 
                              
  AIRBORNE SYSTEMS NORTH AMERICA OF CA INC. 
  By:      /s/ Sean P. Maroney     
           Name: 
    Sean P. Maroney 
     
   [Signature page to the Sixth Supplemental Indenture   2022 Notes] 

Title: 
    Treasurer 
     BETA TRANSFORMER TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION 
  BETA TRANSFORMER TECHNOLOGY LLC 
  By:    Beta Transformer Technology Corporation, its 
  sole member 
  DATA DEVICE CORPORATION 
  ILC HOLDINGS, INC. 
  ILC INDUSTRIES, LLC 
  By:    ILC Holdings, Inc., its sole member 
  By:      /s/ Halle F. Terrion     
           Name: 
    Halle F. Terrion 
              Title: 
    Secretary 
     
   [Signature page to the Sixth Supplemental Indenture   2022 Notes] 

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, N.A., AS TRUSTEE 
  By:          /s/ Lawrence M. Kusch     
           Name: 
    Lawrence M. Kusch 
              Title: 
    Vice President 

[Signature page to the Sixth Supplemental Indenture   2022 Notes] 

</EX-4.26>

<EX-4.31>
 32
 exhibit431.htm
 EXHIBIT 4.31

Exhibit 

Exhibit 4.31 

TRANSDIGM INC.,  
  TRANSDIGM GROUP INCORPORATED,  
  THE GUARANTORS NAMED HEREIN,  
  AND  
  THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, N.A.,  
  as Trustee  
  
  FOURTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE  
  Dated as of April 1, 2016  
  to  
  Indenture  
  Dated as of June 4, 2014  
  by and among  
  TRANSDIGM INC.,  
  TRANSDIGM GROUP INCORPORATED,  
  THE GUARANTORS NAMED THEREIN,  
  AND  
  THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, N.A.,  
  as Trustee  
  
  6.500% Senior Subordinated Notes due 2024  
  of TransDigm Inc.  

This   FOURTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE   (this    Supplemental Indenture   ), dated as of April 1, 2016, by and among Breeze-Eastern LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, (the    Guaranteeing Subsidiary   ), TransDigm Inc., a Delaware corporation (the    Company   ), TransDigm Group Incorporated, a Delaware corporation (   TD Group   ), Adams Rite Aerospace, Inc., a California corporation (   Adams Rite   ), MarathonNorco Aerospace, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Marathon   ), Champion Aerospace LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Champion   ), Avionic Instruments LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Avionic   ), Skurka Aerospace Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Skurka   ), CDA InterCorp LLC, a Florida limited liability company (   CDA   ), Aviation Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   ATI   ), AvtechTyee, Inc., a Washington corporation (   Avtech   ), Transicoil LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Transicoil   ), AeroControlex Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   AeroControlex   ), Bruce Aerospace Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Bruce Aerospace   ), CEF Industries, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   CEF   ), Acme Aerospace, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Acme   ), Dukes Aerospace, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Dukes   ), Semco Instruments, Inc., a Delaware corporation, (   Semco   ), Hartwell Corporation, a California corporation (   Hartwell   ), McKechnie Aerospace DE, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   McKechnie Aerospace DE   ), McKechnie Aerospace Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   McKechnie Aerospace Holdings   ), McKechnie Aerospace Investments, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   McKechnie Aerospace Investments   ), McKechnie Aerospace US LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   McKechnie Aerospace US   ), Texas Rotronics, Inc., a Texas corporation (   Rotronics   ), Electromech Technologies LLC (formerly Western Sky Industries, LLC), a Delaware limited liability company (   Electromech   ), Schneller LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Schneller   ), HARCO LLC (formerly Harco Laboratories, Incorporated), a Connecticut limited liability company (   HARCO   ), AmSafe Global Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   AmSafe Global   ), Bridport Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Bridport Holdings   ), AmSafe, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   AmSafe Inc.   ), Shield Restraint Systems, Inc. (formerly AmSafe Commercial Products, Inc.), a Delaware corporation (   Shield   ), Bridport-Air Carrier, Inc., a Washington corporation (   Bridport-Air   ), Bridport Erie Aviation, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Bridport Erie   ), Arkwin Industries, Inc., a New York corporation (   Arkwin   ), Whippany Actuation Systems, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Whippany   ), Aerosonic LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Aerosonic   ), Avionics Specialties, Inc., a Virginia corporation (   Avionics Specialties   ), Airborne Global, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Airborne Global   ), Airborne Holdings, Inc., a Delaware Corporation (   Airborne Holdings   ), Airborne Acquisition, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Airborne Acquisitions   ), Airborne Systems NA Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Airborne Systems NA   ), Airborne Systems North America Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Airborne Systems North America   ), Airborne Systems North America of CA Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Airborne Systems North America CA   ), Airborne Systems North America of NJ Inc., a New Jersey corporation (   Airborne Systems North America NJ   ), Telair US LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Telair US   ), Telair International LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Telair International   ), Pexco Aerospace, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Pexco Aerospace   ) and PneuDraulics, Inc., a California corporation (collectively with TD Group, Adams Rite, Marathon, Champion, Avionic, Skurka, CDA, ATI, Avtech, Transicoil, AeroControlex, Bruce Aerospace, CEF, Acme, Dukes, Semco, Hartwell, McKechnie Aerospace DE, McKechnie Aerospace Holdings, McKechnie Aerospace Investments, McKechnie Aerospace US, Rotronics, Electromech, Schneller, HARCO, AmSafe Global, Bridport Holdings, AmSafe Inc., Shield, Bridport-Air, Bridport Erie, Arkwin, Whippany, Aerosonic, Avionics Specialties, Airborne Global, Airborne Holdings, Airborne Acquisitions, Airborne Systems NA, Airborne Systems North America, Airborne Systems North America CA, Airborne Systems North America NJ, Telair US, Telair International and Pexco Aerospace, the    Existing Guarantors   ), and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (the    Trustee   ) under the Indenture referred to below. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meaning assigned to them in the Indenture. 
  
   - 2 -     

WITNESSETH: 
  WHEREAS  , the Company and the Existing Guarantors have heretofore executed and delivered to the Trustee an indenture, dated as of June 4, 2014 (as supplemented by the First Supplemental Indenture thereto, dated as of April 9, 2015, the Second Supplemental Indenture thereto, dated as of June 12, 2015, and the Third Supplemental Indenture thereto, dated as of August 28, 2015, the    Indenture   ), providing for the issuance by the Company of 6.500% Senior Subordinated Notes due 2024 (the    Notes   ) and the guarantees thereof by each of the Existing Guarantors;  
  WHEREAS  , the Indenture provides that under certain circumstances described therein, newly created or acquired Domestic Restricted Subsidiaries shall execute and deliver to the Trustee a supplemental indenture to the Indenture providing for a senior subordinated guarantee of payment of the Notes by such Domestic Restricted Subsidiary (the    Guarantee     
  WHEREAS  , all things necessary to make this Supplemental Indenture the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company, the Existing Guarantors and the Guaranteeing Subsidiary have been done; and  
  WHEREAS  , pursuant to Section 9.01(g) of the Indenture, the Trustee is authorized to execute and deliver this Supplemental Indenture without the consent of the Holders of the Notes.  
  NOW, THEREFORE  , in consideration of the foregoing and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the Guaranteeing Subsidiary covenants and agrees for the equal and ratable benefit of the Holders of the Notes as follows:  
           1. 
    CAPITALIZED TERMS  . Capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture.  
              2. 
    GUARANTEE, ETC  . The Guaranteeing Subsidiary hereby agrees that from and after the date hereof it shall be a Guarantor under the Indenture and be bound by the terms thereof applicable to Guarantors and shall be entitled to all of the rights and subject to all the obligations of a Guarantor thereunder.  
              3. 
    RATIFICATION OF INDENTURE; SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE PART OF INDENTURE  . The Indenture is in all respects ratified and confirmed and all the terms, conditions and provisions thereof shall remain in full force and effect. This Supplemental Indenture shall form a part of the Indenture for all purposes, and every holder of Notes heretofore or hereafter authenticated and delivered shall be bound hereby.  
              4. 
    EXECUTION AND DELIVERY  . The Guaranteeing Subsidiary agrees that the Guarantee granted by it pursuant to the terms hereof shall remain in full force and effect notwithstanding any failure to endorse on each Note a notation of such Guarantee.  
              5. 
    NO RECOURSE AGAINST OTHERS  . No past, present or future director, officer, employee, incorporator, stockholder or agent of the Guaranteeing Subsidiary (or any successor entity) (other than the Company or the Existing Guarantors), as such, shall have any liability for any obligations of the Company, TD Group, the Guaranteeing Subsidiary or any other Guarantor under the Notes, any Guarantee, the Indenture or this Supplemental Indenture or for any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason of, such obligations or their creation. Each Holder of the Notes by accepting a Note waives and releases all such liability. The waiver and release are part of the consideration for issuance of the Notes.  
              6. 
    NEW YORK LAW TO GOVERN  . THE INTERNAL LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SHALL GOVERN AND BE USED TO CONSTRUE THIS SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE AND THE GUARANTEE GRANTED HEREUNDER WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO APPLICABLE PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAW TO THE EXTENT THAT THE APPLICATION OF THE LAWS OF ANOTHER JURISDICTION WOULD BE REQUIRED THEREBY.  
     
   - 3 -     

7. 
    COUNTERPART ORIGINALS  . The parties may sign any number of copies of this Supplemental Indenture. Each signed copy shall be an original, but all of them together represent the same agreement.  
              8. 
    EFFECT OF HEADINGS  . The Section headings have been inserted for convenience of reference only, are not to be considered part of this Supplemental Indenture and shall in no way modify or restrict any of the terms or provisions hereof.  
              9. 
    THE TRUSTEE  . The Trustee shall not be responsible in any manner whatsoever for or in respect of the validity or sufficiency of this Supplemental Indenture or for or in respect of the recitals contained herein, all of which recitals are made solely by the Guaranteeing Subsidiary, the Existing Guarantors and the Company.  
     [Signature page follows.] 
  
   - 4 -     

IN WITNESS WHEREOF  , the parties hereto have caused this Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed as of the date hereof.  
  TRANSDIGM INC. 
           By: 
    /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
              Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title:  
    Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
     TRANSDIGM GROUP INCORPORATED 
           By: 
    /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
              Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title 
    Executive Vice President and Chief   Financial Officer 
       
  ACME AEROSPACE, INC. 
  ADAMS RITE AEROSPACE, INC. 
  AEROCONTROLEX GROUP, INC. 
  AIRBORNE ACQUISITION, INC. 
  AIRBORNE GLOBAL, INC. 
  AIRBORNE HOLDINGS, INC. 
  AIRBORNE SYSTEMS NORTH AMERICA OF CA INC. 
  AIRBORNE SYSTEMS NORTH AMERICA OF NJ INC. 
  AMSAFE GLOBAL HOLDINGS, INC. 
  AMSAFE, INC. 
  ARKWIN INDUSTRIES, INC. 
  AVIATION TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
  AVTECHTYEE, INC. 
  BRIDPORT-AIR CARRIER, INC. 
  BRIDPORT HOLDINGS, INC. 
  BRUCE AEROSPACE INC. 
  HARTWELL CORPORATION 
  MARATHONNORCO AEROSPACE, INC. 
  MCKECHNIE AEROSPACE DE, INC. 
  MCKECHNIE AEROSPACE US LLC 
           By: 
    McKechnie Aerospace DE, Inc., its sole member 
     SHIELD RESTRAINT SYSTEMS, INC. 
  SEMCO INSTRUMENTS, INC. 
  SKURKA AEROSPACE INC. 
  
   [Signature page to the Fourth Supplemental Indenture   2024 Notes] 

TEXAS ROTRONICS, INC. 
  TRANSICOIL LLC 
           By: 
    Aviation Technologies, Inc., its sole member 
     By:      /s/ Gregory Rufus     
           Name: 
    Gregory Rufus 
              Title: 
    Chief Executive Officer 
     AEROSONIC LLC 
  AVIONIC INSTRUMENTS LLC 
  BREEZE-EASTERN LLC 
  CDA INTERCORP LLC 
  CEF INDUSTRIES, LLC 
  CHAMPION AEROSPACE LLC 
  HARCO LLC 
  SCHNELLER LLC 
  TELAIR INTERNATIONAL LLC 
  TELAIR US LLC 
  WHIPPANY ACTUATION SYSTEMS, LLC     
  By:    TransDigm Inc., its sole member 
  By:      /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
           Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title: 
    Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
       
  AIRBORNE SYSTEMS NA INC. 
  AIRBORNE SYSTEMS NORTH AMERICA INC. 
  AVIONICS SPECIALTIES, INC. 
  ELECTROMECH TECHNOLOGIES LLC 
           By: 
    McKechnie Aerospace Investments, Inc., its sole member 
     MCKECHNIE AEROSPACE HOLDINGS, INC. 
  MCKECHNIE AEROSPACE INVESTMENTS, INC. 
  By:      /s/ Gregory Rufus     
           Name: 
    Gregory Rufus 
              Title: 
    President 
       
  BRIDPORT ERIE AVIATION, INC. 
  By:      /s/ Gregory Rufus     
           Name: 
    Gregory Rufus 
              Title: 
    Vice President and Treasurer 
       
  DUKES AEROSPACE, INC. 
  By:      /s/ Gregory Rufus     
           Name: 
    Gregory Rufus 
              Title: 
    Chairman of the Board 
       
  PEXCO AEROSPACE, INC. 
  By:      /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
  
   [Signature page to the Fourth Supplemental Indenture   2024 Notes] 

Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title: 
    President 
     PNEUDRAULICS, INC. 
  By:      /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
           Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title: 
    Chief Executive Officer 

[Signature page to the Fourth Supplemental Indenture   2024 Notes] 

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, N.A., AS TRUSTEE 
  By:          /s/ Lawrence M. Kusch     
           Name: 
    Lawrence M. Kusch 
              Title: 
    Vice President 

[Signature page to the Fourth Supplemental Indenture   2024 Notes] 

</EX-4.31>

<EX-4.32>
 33
 exhibit432.htm
 EXHIBIT 4.32

Exhibit 

Exhibit 4.32 

TRANSDIGM INC.,  
  TRANSDIGM GROUP INCORPORATED,  
  THE GUARANTORS NAMED HEREIN,  
  AND  
  THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, N.A.,  
  as Trustee  
  
  FIFTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE  
  Dated as of July 8, 2016  
  to  
  Indenture  
  Dated as of June 4, 2014  
  by and among  
  TRANSDIGM INC.,  
  TRANSDIGM GROUP INCORPORATED,  
  THE GUARANTORS NAMED THEREIN,  
  AND  
  THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, N.A.,  
  as Trustee  
  
  6.500% Senior Subordinated Notes due 2024  
  of TransDigm Inc.  

This   FIFTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE   (this    Supplemental Indenture   ), dated as of July 8, 2016, by and among ILC Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   ILC Holdings   ), ILC Industries, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   ILC Industries   ), Data Device Corporation, a Delaware corporation (   DDC   ), Beta Transformer Technology Corporation, a New York corporation (   Beta Corporation   ), and Beta Transformer Technology LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Beta LLC    and, together with ILC Holdings, ILC Industries, DDC and Beta LLC, the    Guaranteeing Subsidiaries   ), TransDigm Inc., a Delaware corporation (the    Company   ), TransDigm Group Incorporated, a Delaware corporation (   TD Group   ), Adams Rite Aerospace, Inc., a California corporation (   Adams Rite   ), MarathonNorco Aerospace, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Marathon   ), Champion Aerospace LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Champion   ), Avionic Instruments LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Avionic   ), Skurka Aerospace Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Skurka   ), CDA InterCorp LLC, a Florida limited liability company (   CDA   ), Aviation Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   ATI   ), AvtechTyee, Inc., a Washington corporation (   Avtech   ), Transicoil LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Transicoil   ), AeroControlex Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   AeroControlex   ), Bruce Aerospace Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Bruce Aerospace   ), CEF Industries, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   CEF   ), Acme Aerospace, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Acme   ), Dukes Aerospace, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Dukes   ), Semco Instruments, Inc., a Delaware corporation, (   Semco   ), Hartwell Corporation, a California corporation (   Hartwell   ), McKechnie Aerospace DE, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   McKechnie Aerospace DE   ), McKechnie Aerospace Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   McKechnie Aerospace Holdings   ), McKechnie Aerospace Investments, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   McKechnie Aerospace Investments   ), McKechnie Aerospace US LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   McKechnie Aerospace US   ), Texas Rotronics, Inc., a Texas corporation (   Rotronics   ), Electromech Technologies LLC (formerly Western Sky Industries, LLC), a Delaware limited liability company (   Electromech   ), Schneller LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Schneller   ), HARCO LLC (formerly Harco Laboratories, Incorporated), a Connecticut limited liability company (   HARCO   ), AmSafe Global Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   AmSafe Global   ), Bridport Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Bridport Holdings   ), AmSafe, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   AmSafe Inc.   ), Shield Restraint Systems, Inc. (formerly AmSafe Commercial Products, Inc.), a Delaware corporation (   Shield   ), Bridport-Air Carrier, Inc., a Washington corporation (   Bridport-Air   ), Bridport Erie Aviation, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Bridport Erie   ), Arkwin Industries, Inc., a New York corporation (   Arkwin   ), Whippany Actuation Systems, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Whippany   ), Aerosonic LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Aerosonic   ), Avionics Specialties, Inc., a Virginia corporation (   Avionics Specialties   ), Airborne Global, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Airborne Global   ), Airborne Holdings, Inc., a Delaware Corporation (   Airborne Holdings   ), Airborne Acquisition, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Airborne Acquisitions   ), Airborne Systems NA Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Airborne Systems NA   ), Airborne Systems North America Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Airborne Systems North America   ), Airborne Systems North America of CA Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Airborne Systems North America CA   ), Airborne Systems North America of NJ Inc., a New Jersey corporation (   Airborne Systems North America NJ   ), Telair US LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Telair US   ), Telair International LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Telair International   ), Pexco Aerospace, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Pexco Aerospace   ), PneuDraulics, Inc., a California corporation (   PneuDraulics   ) and Breeze-Eastern LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (collectively with TD Group, Adams Rite, Marathon, Champion, Avionic, Skurka, CDA, ATI, Avtech, Transicoil, AeroControlex, Bruce Aerospace, CEF, Acme, Dukes, Semco, Hartwell, McKechnie Aerospace DE, McKechnie Aerospace Holdings, McKechnie Aerospace Investments, McKechnie Aerospace US, Rotronics, Electromech, Schneller, HARCO, AmSafe Global, Bridport Holdings, AmSafe Inc., Shield, Bridport-Air, Bridport Erie, Arkwin, Whippany, Aerosonic, Avionics Specialties, Airborne Global, Airborne Holdings, Airborne Acquisitions, Airborne Systems NA, Airborne Systems North America, Airborne Systems North America CA, Airborne Systems North America NJ, Telair US, Telair International, Pexco Aerospace and PneuDraulics, the    Existing Guarantors   ), and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (the    Trustee   ) under the Indenture referred to below. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meaning assigned to them in the Indenture. 
  
   - 2 -     

WITNESSETH: 
  WHEREAS  , the Company and the Existing Guarantors have heretofore executed and delivered to the Trustee an indenture, dated as of June 4, 2014 (as supplemented by the First Supplemental Indenture thereto, dated as of April 9, 2015, the Second Supplemental Indenture thereto, dated as of June 12, 2015, the Third Supplemental Indenture thereto, dated as of August 28, 2015 and the Fourth Supplemental Indenture thereto, dated as of April 1, 2016, the    Indenture   ), providing for the issuance by the Company of 6.500% Senior Subordinated Notes due 2024 (the    Notes   ) and the guarantees thereof by each of the Existing Guarantors;  
  WHEREAS  , the Indenture provides that under certain circumstances described therein, newly created or acquired Domestic Restricted Subsidiaries shall execute and deliver to the Trustee a supplemental indenture to the Indenture providing for a senior subordinated guarantee of payment of the Notes by such Domestic Restricted Subsidiary (the    Guarantee     
  WHEREAS  , all things necessary to make this Supplemental Indenture the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company, the Existing Guarantors and the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries have been done; and  
  WHEREAS  , pursuant to Section 9.01(g) of the Indenture, the Trustee is authorized to execute and deliver this Supplemental Indenture without the consent of the Holders of the Notes.  
  NOW, THEREFORE  , in consideration of the foregoing and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, each of the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries covenants and agrees for the equal and ratable benefit of the Holders of the Notes as follows:  
           1. 
    CAPITALIZED TERMS  . Capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture.  
              2. 
    GUARANTEE, ETC  . Each of the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries hereby agrees that from and after the date hereof it shall be a Guarantor under the Indenture and be bound by the terms thereof applicable to Guarantors and shall be entitled to all of the rights and subject to all the obligations of a Guarantor thereunder.  
              3. 
    RATIFICATION OF INDENTURE; SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE PART OF INDENTURE  . The Indenture is in all respects ratified and confirmed and all the terms, conditions and provisions thereof shall remain in full force and effect. This Supplemental Indenture shall form a part of the Indenture for all purposes, and every holder of Notes heretofore or hereafter authenticated and delivered shall be bound hereby.  
              4. 
    EXECUTION AND DELIVERY  . Each of the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries agrees that the Guarantee granted by it pursuant to the terms hereof shall remain in full force and effect notwithstanding any failure to endorse on each Note a notation of such Guarantee.  
              5. 
    NO RECOURSE AGAINST OTHERS  . No past, present or future director, officer, employee, incorporator, stockholder or agent of any of the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries (or any successor entity) (other than the Company or the Existing Guarantors), as such, shall have any liability for any obligations of the Company, TD Group, the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries or any other Guarantor under the Notes, any Guarantee, the Indenture or this Supplemental Indenture or for any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason of, such obligations or their creation. Each Holder of the Notes by accepting a Note waives and releases all such liability. The waiver and release are part of the consideration for issuance of the Notes.  
              6. 
    NEW YORK LAW TO GOVERN  . THE INTERNAL LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SHALL GOVERN AND BE USED TO CONSTRUE THIS SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE AND THE GUARANTEE GRANTED HEREUNDER WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO APPLICABLE PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAW TO THE EXTENT THAT THE APPLICATION OF THE LAWS OF ANOTHER JURISDICTION WOULD BE REQUIRED THEREBY.  
     
   - 3 -     

7. 
    COUNTERPART ORIGINALS  . The parties may sign any number of copies of this Supplemental Indenture. Each signed copy shall be an original, but all of them together represent the same agreement.  
              8. 
    EFFECT OF HEADINGS  . The Section headings have been inserted for convenience of reference only, are not to be considered part of this Supplemental Indenture and shall in no way modify or restrict any of the terms or provisions hereof.  
              9. 
    THE TRUSTEE  . The Trustee shall not be responsible in any manner whatsoever for or in respect of the validity or sufficiency of this Supplemental Indenture or for or in respect of the recitals contained herein, all of which recitals are made solely by the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries, the Existing Guarantors and the Company.  
     [Signature page follows.] 
  
   - 4 -     

IN WITNESS WHEREOF  , the parties hereto have caused this Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed as of the date hereof.  
  TRANSDIGM INC. 
           By: 
    /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
              Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title:  
    Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
     TRANSDIGM GROUP INCORPORATED 
           By: 
    /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
              Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title 
    Executive Vice President and Chief   Financial Officer 
       
  ACME AEROSPACE, INC. 
  ADAMS RITE AEROSPACE, INC. 
  AIRBORNE SYSTEMS NORTH AMERICA OF NJ INC. 
  AMSAFE GLOBAL HOLDINGS, INC. 
  AMSAFE, INC. 
  ARKWIN INDUSTRIES, INC. 
  AVTECHTYEE, INC. 
  BRUCE AEROSPACE INC. 
  DUKES AEROSPACE, INC. 
  ELECTROMECH TECHNOLOGIES LLC 
  By:    McKechnie Aerospace Investments, Inc., its sole  
                      member 
  HARTWELL CORPORATION 
  MARATHONNORCO AEROSPACE, INC. 
  MCKECHNIE AEROSPACE INVESTMENTS, INC. 
  PEXCO AEROSPACE, INC. 
  PNEUDRAULICS, INC. 
  SHIELD RESTRAINT SYSTEMS, INC. 
  SEMCO INSTRUMENTS, INC. 
  SKURKA AEROSPACE INC. 
  TEXAS ROTRONICS, INC. 
  By:      /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
           Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title: 
    Chief Executive Officer 

[Signature page to the Fifth Supplemental Indenture   2024 Notes] 

AEROCONTROLEX GROUP, INC. 
  AIRBORNE ACQUISITION, INC. 
  AIRBORNE GLOBAL, INC. 
  AIRBORNE HOLDINGS, INC. 
  AVIATION TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
  BRIDPORT HOLDINGS, INC. 
  BRIDPORT-AIR CARRIER, INC. 
  MCKECHNIE AEROSPACE DE, INC. 
  MCKECHNIE AEROSPACE US LLC 
  By:    McKechnie Aerospace DE, Inc., its sole member 
  TRANSICOIL LLC 
  By:    Aviation Technologies, Inc., its sole member 
  By:      /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
           Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title: 
    President and Chief Executive Officer 
     AEROSONIC LLC 
  AVIONIC INSTRUMENTS LLC 
  BREEZE-EASTERN LLC 
  CDA INTERCORP LLC 
  CEF INDUSTRIES, LLC 
  CHAMPION AEROSPACE LLC 
  HARCO LLC 
  SCHNELLER LLC 
  TELAIR US LLC 
  WHIPPANY ACTUATION SYSTEMS, LLC     
  By:    TransDigm Inc., its sole member 
  TELAIR INTERNATIONAL LLC 
  By:    Telair US LLC, its sole member 
  By:      /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
           Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title: 
    Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
     AIRBORNE SYSTEMS NA INC. 
  AIRBORNE SYSTEMS NORTH AMERICA INC. 
  AVIONICS SPECIALTIES, INC. 
  MCKECHNIE AEROSPACE HOLDINGS, INC. 
  By:      /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
           Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title: 
    President 
       
  BRIDPORT ERIE AVIATION, INC. 
  By:      /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
           Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title: 
    Vice President and Treasurer 
                              
  AIRBORNE SYSTEMS NORTH AMERICA OF CA INC. 
  By:      /s/ Sean P. Maroney     
           Name: 
    Sean P. Maroney 
              Title: 
    Treasurer 
     
   [Signature page to the Fifth Supplemental Indenture   2024 Notes] 

BETA TRANSFORMER TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION 
  DATA DEVICE CORPORATION 
  ILC HOLDINGS, INC. 
  ILC INDUSTRIES, LLC 
  By:    ILC Holdings, Inc., its sole member 
  By:      /s/ Halle F. Terrion     
           Name: 
    Halle F. Terrion 
              Title: 
    Secretary 
       
  BETA TRANSFORMER TECHNOLOGY LLC 
  By:      /s/ Vincent Buffa     
           Name: 
    Vincent Buffa 
              Title: 
    Manager 

[Signature page to the Fifth Supplemental Indenture   2024 Notes] 

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, N.A., AS TRUSTEE 
  By:      /s/ Lawrence M. Kusch     
           Name: 
    Lawrence M. Kusch 
              Title: 
    Vice President 
     
   [Signature page to the Fifth Supplemental Indenture   2024 Notes] 

</EX-4.32>

<EX-4.33>
 34
 exhibit433.htm
 EXHIBIT 4.33

Exhibit 

Exhibit 4.33 

TRANSDIGM INC.,  
  TRANSDIGM GROUP INCORPORATED,  
  THE GUARANTORS NAMED HEREIN,  
  AND  
  THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, N.A.,  
  as Trustee  
  
  SIXTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE  
  Dated as of October 28, 2016  
  to  
  Indenture  
  Dated as of June 4, 2014  
  by and among  
  TRANSDIGM INC.,  
  TRANSDIGM GROUP INCORPORATED,  
  THE GUARANTORS NAMED THEREIN,  
  AND  
  THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, N.A.,  
  as Trustee  
  
  6.500% Senior Subordinated Notes due 2024  
  of TransDigm Inc. 

This   SIXTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE   (this    Supplemental Indenture   ), dated as of October 28, 2016, by and among Young   Franklin Inc., a New York corporation (   Young   Franklin   ), Tactair Fluid Controls, Inc., a New York corporation (   Tactair   ), and Johnson Liverpool LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (together with Young   Franklin and Tactair, the    Guaranteeing Subsidiaries   ), TransDigm Inc., a Delaware corporation (the    Company   ), TransDigm Group Incorporated, a Delaware corporation (   TD Group   ), Adams Rite Aerospace, Inc., a California corporation (   Adams Rite   ), MarathonNorco Aerospace, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Marathon   ), Champion Aerospace LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Champion   ), Avionic Instruments LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Avionic   ), Skurka Aerospace Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Skurka   ), CDA InterCorp LLC, a Florida limited liability company (   CDA   ), Aviation Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   ATI   ), AvtechTyee, Inc., a Washington corporation (   Avtech   ), Transicoil LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Transicoil   ), AeroControlex Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   AeroControlex   ), Bruce Aerospace Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Bruce Aerospace   ), CEF Industries, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   CEF   ), Acme Aerospace, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Acme   ), Dukes Aerospace, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Dukes   ), Semco Instruments, Inc., a Delaware corporation, (   Semco   ), Hartwell Corporation, a California corporation (   Hartwell   ), McKechnie Aerospace DE, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   McKechnie Aerospace DE   ), McKechnie Aerospace Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   McKechnie Aerospace Holdings   ), McKechnie Aerospace Investments, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   McKechnie Aerospace Investments   ), McKechnie Aerospace US LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   McKechnie Aerospace US   ), Texas Rotronics, Inc., a Texas corporation (   Rotronics   ), Electromech Technologies LLC (formerly Western Sky Industries, LLC), a Delaware limited liability company (   Electromech   ), Schneller LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Schneller   ), HARCO LLC (formerly Harco Laboratories, Incorporated), a Connecticut limited liability company (   HARCO   ), AmSafe Global Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   AmSafe Global   ), Bridport Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Bridport Holdings   ), AmSafe, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   AmSafe Inc.   ), Shield Restraint Systems, Inc. (formerly AmSafe Commercial Products, Inc.), a Delaware corporation (   Shield   ), Bridport-Air Carrier, Inc., a Washington corporation (   Bridport-Air   ), Bridport Erie Aviation, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Bridport Erie   ), Arkwin Industries, Inc., a New York corporation (   Arkwin   ), Whippany Actuation Systems, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Whippany   ), Aerosonic LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Aerosonic   ), Avionics Specialties, Inc., a Virginia corporation (   Avionics Specialties   ), Airborne Global, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Airborne Global   ), Airborne Holdings, Inc., a Delaware Corporation (   Airborne Holdings   ), Airborne Acquisition, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Airborne Acquisitions   ), Airborne Systems NA Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Airborne Systems NA   ), Airborne Systems North America Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Airborne Systems North America   ), Airborne Systems North America of CA Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Airborne Systems North America CA   ), Airborne Systems North America of NJ Inc., a New Jersey corporation (   Airborne Systems North America NJ   ), Telair US LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Telair US   ), Telair International LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Telair International   ), Pexco Aerospace, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Pexco Aerospace   ), PneuDraulics, Inc., a California corporation (   PneuDraulics   ), Breeze-Eastern LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Breeze-Eastern   ), ILC Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   ILC Holdings   ), ILC Industries, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   ILC Industries   ), Data Device Corporation, a Delaware corporation (   DDC   ), Beta Transformer Technology Corporation, a New York corporation (   Beta Corporation   ), and Beta Transformer Technology LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (collectively with TD Group, Adams Rite, Marathon, Champion, Avionic, Skurka, CDA, ATI, Avtech, Transicoil, AeroControlex, Bruce Aerospace, CEF, Acme, Dukes, Semco, Hartwell, McKechnie Aerospace DE, McKechnie Aerospace Holdings, McKechnie Aerospace Investments, McKechnie Aerospace US, Rotronics, Electromech, Schneller, HARCO, AmSafe Global, Bridport Holdings, AmSafe Inc., Shield, Bridport-Air, Bridport Erie, Arkwin, Whippany, Aerosonic, Avionics Specialties, Airborne Global, Airborne Holdings, Airborne Acquisitions, Airborne Systems NA, Airborne Systems North America, Airborne Systems North America CA, Airborne Systems North America NJ, Telair US, Telair International, Pexco Aerospace, PneuDraulics, Breeze-Eastern, ILC Holdings, ILC Industries, DDC and Beta Corporation, the    Existing Guarantors   ), and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (the    Trustee   ) under the Indenture referred to below. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meaning assigned to them in the Indenture. 
  
   - 2 -     

WITNESSETH: 
  WHEREAS  , the Company and the Existing Guarantors have heretofore executed and delivered to the Trustee an indenture, dated as of June 4, 2014 (as supplemented by the First Supplemental Indenture thereto, dated as of April 9, 2015, the Second Supplemental Indenture thereto, dated as of June 12, 2015, the Third Supplemental Indenture thereto, dated as of August 28, 2015, the Fourth Supplemental Indenture thereto, dated as of April 1, 2016, and the Fifth Supplemental Indenture thereto, dated as of July 8, 2016, the    Indenture   ), providing for the issuance by the Company of 6.500% Senior Subordinated Notes due 2024 (the    Notes   ) and the guarantees thereof by each of the Existing Guarantors;  
  WHEREAS  , the Indenture provides that under certain circumstances described therein, newly created or acquired Domestic Restricted Subsidiaries shall execute and deliver to the Trustee a supplemental indenture to the Indenture providing for a senior subordinated guarantee of payment of the Notes by such Domestic Restricted Subsidiary (the    Guarantee     
  WHEREAS  , all things necessary to make this Supplemental Indenture the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company, the Existing Guarantors and the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries have been done; and  
  WHEREAS  , pursuant to Section 9.01(g) of the Indenture, the Trustee is authorized to execute and deliver this Supplemental Indenture without the consent of the Holders of the Notes.  
  NOW, THEREFORE  , in consideration of the foregoing and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, each of the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries covenants and agrees for the equal and ratable benefit of the Holders of the Notes as follows:  
           1. 
    CAPITALIZED TERMS  . Capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture.  
              2. 
    GUARANTEE, ETC  . Each of the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries hereby agrees that from and after the date hereof it shall be a Guarantor under the Indenture and be bound by the terms thereof applicable to Guarantors and shall be entitled to all of the rights and subject to all the obligations of a Guarantor thereunder.  
              3. 
    RATIFICATION OF INDENTURE; SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE PART OF INDENTURE  . The Indenture is in all respects ratified and confirmed and all the terms, conditions and provisions thereof shall remain in full force and effect. This Supplemental Indenture shall form a part of the Indenture for all purposes, and every holder of Notes heretofore or hereafter authenticated and delivered shall be bound hereby.  
              4. 
    EXECUTION AND DELIVERY  . Each of the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries agrees that the Guarantee granted by it pursuant to the terms hereof shall remain in full force and effect notwithstanding any failure to endorse on each Note a notation of such Guarantee.  
              5. 
    NO RECOURSE AGAINST OTHERS  . No past, present or future director, officer, employee, incorporator, stockholder or agent of any of the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries (or any successor entity) (other than the Company or the Existing Guarantors), as such, shall have any liability for any obligations of the Company, TD Group, the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries or any other Guarantor under the Notes, any Guarantee, the Indenture or this Supplemental Indenture or for any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason of, such obligations or their creation. Each Holder of the Notes by accepting a Note waives and releases all such liability. The waiver and release are part of the consideration for issuance of the Notes.  
              6. 
    NEW YORK LAW TO GOVERN  . THE INTERNAL LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SHALL GOVERN AND BE USED TO CONSTRUE THIS SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE AND THE GUARANTEE GRANTED HEREUNDER WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO APPLICABLE  
     
   - 3 -     

PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAW TO THE EXTENT THAT THE APPLICATION OF THE LAWS OF ANOTHER JURISDICTION WOULD BE REQUIRED THEREBY.  
           7. 
    COUNTERPART ORIGINALS  . The parties may sign any number of copies of this Supplemental Indenture. Each signed copy shall be an original, but all of them together represent the same agreement.  
              8. 
    EFFECT OF HEADINGS  . The Section headings have been inserted for convenience of reference only, are not to be considered part of this Supplemental Indenture and shall in no way modify or restrict any of the terms or provisions hereof.  
              9. 
    THE TRUSTEE  . The Trustee shall not be responsible in any manner whatsoever for or in respect of the validity or sufficiency of this Supplemental Indenture or for or in respect of the recitals contained herein, all of which recitals are made solely by the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries, the Existing Guarantors and the Company.  
     [Signature page follows.] 
  
   - 4 -     

IN WITNESS WHEREOF  , the parties hereto have caused this Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed as of the date hereof.  
  TRANSDIGM INC. 
           By: 
    /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
              Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title:  
    Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
     TRANSDIGM GROUP INCORPORATED 
           By: 
    /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
              Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title 
    Executive Vice President and Chief   Financial Officer 
       
  ACME AEROSPACE, INC. 
  ADAMS RITE AEROSPACE, INC. 
  AIRBORNE SYSTEMS NORTH AMERICA OF NJ INC. 
  AMSAFE GLOBAL HOLDINGS, INC. 
  AMSAFE, INC. 
  ARKWIN INDUSTRIES, INC. 
  AVTECHTYEE, INC. 
  BRUCE AEROSPACE INC. 
  DUKES AEROSPACE, INC. 
  ELECTROMECH TECHNOLOGIES LLC 
  By:    McKechnie Aerospace Investments, Inc., its sole  
                      member 
  HARTWELL CORPORATION 
  JOHNSON LIVERPOOL LLC 
  By:    Young   Franklin Inc., its sole member 
  MARATHONNORCO AEROSPACE, INC. 
  MCKECHNIE AEROSPACE INVESTMENTS, INC. 
  PEXCO AEROSPACE, INC. 
  PNEUDRAULICS, INC. 
  SHIELD RESTRAINT SYSTEMS, INC. 
  SEMCO INSTRUMENTS, INC. 
  SKURKA AEROSPACE INC. 
  TACTAIR FLUID CONTROLS, INC. 
  TEXAS ROTRONICS, INC. 
  YOUNG   FRANKLIN INC. 
  By:      /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
           Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title: 
    Chief Executive Officer 

AEROCONTROLEX GROUP, INC. 
  AIRBORNE ACQUISITION, INC. 
  AIRBORNE GLOBAL, INC. 
  AIRBORNE HOLDINGS, INC. 
  AVIATION TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
  BRIDPORT HOLDINGS, INC. 
  BRIDPORT-AIR CARRIER, INC. 
  MCKECHNIE AEROSPACE DE, INC. 
  MCKECHNIE AEROSPACE US LLC 
  By:    McKechnie Aerospace DE, Inc., its sole member 
  TRANSICOIL LLC 
  By:    Aviation Technologies, Inc., its sole member 
  By:      /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
           Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title: 
    President and Chief Executive Officer 
     AEROSONIC LLC 
  AVIONIC INSTRUMENTS LLC 
  BREEZE-EASTERN LLC 
  CDA INTERCORP LLC 
  CEF INDUSTRIES, LLC 
  CHAMPION AEROSPACE LLC 
  HARCO LLC 
  SCHNELLER LLC 
  TELAIR US LLC 
  WHIPPANY ACTUATION SYSTEMS, LLC     
  By:    TransDigm Inc., its sole member 
  TELAIR INTERNATIONAL LLC 
  By:    Telair US LLC, its sole member 
  By:      /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
           Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title: 
    Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
       
  AIRBORNE SYSTEMS NA INC. 
  AIRBORNE SYSTEMS NORTH AMERICA INC. 
  AVIONICS SPECIALTIES, INC. 
  MCKECHNIE AEROSPACE HOLDINGS, INC. 
  By:      /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
           Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title: 
    President 
       
  BRIDPORT ERIE AVIATION, INC. 
  By:      /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
           Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title: 
    Vice President and Treasurer 
                              
  AIRBORNE SYSTEMS NORTH AMERICA OF CA INC. 
  
   [Signature page to the Sixth Supplemental Indenture   2024 Notes] 

By:      /s/ Sean P. Maroney     
           Name: 
    Sean P. Maroney 
              Title: 
    Treasurer 
     BETA TRANSFORMER TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION 
  BETA TRANSFORMER TECHNOLOGY LLC 
  By:    Beta Transformer Technology Corporation, its 
  sole member 
  DATA DEVICE CORPORATION 
  ILC HOLDINGS, INC. 
  ILC INDUSTRIES, LLC 
  By:    ILC Holdings, Inc., its sole member 
  By:      /s/ Halle F. Terrion     
           Name: 
    Halle F. Terrion 
              Title: 
    Secretary 
     
   [Signature page to the Sixth Supplemental Indenture   2024 Notes] 

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, N.A., AS TRUSTEE 
  By:          /s/ Lawrence M. Kusch     
           Name: 
    Lawrence M. Kusch 
              Title: 
    Vice President 
     
   [Signature page to the Sixth Supplemental Indenture   2024 Notes] 

</EX-4.33>

<EX-4.37>
 35
 exhibit437.htm
 EXHIBIT 4.37

Exhibit 

Exhibit 4.37 

TRANSDIGM INC.,  
  TRANSDIGM GROUP INCORPORATED,  
  THE GUARANTORS NAMED HEREIN,  
  AND  
  THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, N.A.,  
  as Trustee  
  
  THIRD SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE  
  Dated as of April 1, 2016  
  to  
  Indenture  
  Dated as of May 14, 2015  
  by and among  
  TRANSDIGM INC.,  
  TRANSDIGM GROUP INCORPORATED,  
  THE GUARANTORS NAMED THEREIN,  
  AND  
  THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, N.A.,  
  as Trustee  
  
  6.500% Senior Subordinated Notes due 2025  
  of TransDigm Inc.  

This   THIRD SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE   (this    Supplemental Indenture   ), dated as of April 1, 2016, by and among Breeze-Eastern LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, (the    Guaranteeing Subsidiary   ), TransDigm Inc., a Delaware corporation (the    Company   ), TransDigm Group Incorporated, a Delaware corporation (   TD Group   ), Adams Rite Aerospace, Inc., a California corporation (   Adams Rite   ), MarathonNorco Aerospace, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Marathon   ), Champion Aerospace LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Champion   ), Avionic Instruments LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Avionic   ), Skurka Aerospace Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Skurka   ), CDA InterCorp LLC, a Florida limited liability company (   CDA   ), Aviation Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   ATI   ), AvtechTyee, Inc., a Washington corporation (   Avtech   ), Transicoil LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Transicoil   ), AeroControlex Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   AeroControlex   ), Bruce Aerospace Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Bruce Aerospace   ), CEF Industries, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   CEF   ), Acme Aerospace, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Acme   ), Dukes Aerospace, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Dukes   ), Semco Instruments, Inc., a Delaware corporation, (   Semco   ), Hartwell Corporation, a California corporation (   Hartwell   ), McKechnie Aerospace DE, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   McKechnie Aerospace DE   ), McKechnie Aerospace Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   McKechnie Aerospace Holdings   ), McKechnie Aerospace Investments, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   McKechnie Aerospace Investments   ), McKechnie Aerospace US LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   McKechnie Aerospace US   ), Texas Rotronics, Inc., a Texas corporation (   Rotronics   ), Electromech Technologies LLC (formerly Western Sky Industries, LLC), a Delaware limited liability company (   Electromech   ), Schneller LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Schneller   ), HARCO LLC (formerly Harco Laboratories, Incorporated), a Connecticut limited liability company (   HARCO   ), AmSafe Global Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   AmSafe Global   ), Bridport Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Bridport Holdings   ), AmSafe, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   AmSafe Inc.   ), Shield Restraint Systems, Inc. (formerly AmSafe Commercial Products, Inc.), a Delaware corporation (   Shield   ), Bridport-Air Carrier, Inc., a Washington corporation (   Bridport-Air   ), Bridport Erie Aviation, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Bridport Erie   ), Arkwin Industries, Inc., a New York corporation (   Arkwin   ), Whippany Actuation Systems, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Whippany   ), Aerosonic LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Aerosonic   ), Avionics Specialties, Inc., a Virginia corporation (   Avionics Specialties   ), Airborne Global, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Airborne Global   ), Airborne Holdings, Inc., a Delaware Corporation (   Airborne Holdings   ), Airborne Acquisition, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Airborne Acquisitions   ), Airborne Systems NA Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Airborne Systems NA   ), Airborne Systems North America Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Airborne Systems North America   ), Airborne Systems North America of CA Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Airborne Systems North America CA   ), Airborne Systems North America of NJ Inc., a New Jersey corporation (   Airborne Systems North America NJ   ), Telair US LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Telair US   ), Telair International LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Telair International   ), Pexco Aerospace, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Pexco Aerospace   ) and PneuDraulics, Inc., a California corporation (collectively with TD Group, Adams Rite, Marathon, Champion, Avionic, Skurka, CDA, ATI, Avtech, Transicoil, AeroControlex, Bruce Aerospace, CEF, Acme, Dukes, Semco, Hartwell, McKechnie Aerospace DE, McKechnie Aerospace Holdings, McKechnie Aerospace Investments, McKechnie Aerospace US, Rotronics, Electromech, Schneller, HARCO, AmSafe Global, Bridport Holdings, AmSafe Inc., Shield, Bridport-Air, Bridport Erie, Arkwin, Whippany, Aerosonic, Avionics Specialties, Airborne Global, Airborne Holdings, Airborne Acquisitions, Airborne Systems NA, Airborne Systems North America, Airborne Systems North America CA, Airborne Systems North America NJ, Telair US, Telair International and Pexco Aerospace, the    Existing Guarantors   ), and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (the    Trustee   ) under the Indenture referred to below. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meaning assigned to them in the Indenture. 
  
   - 2 -     

WITNESSETH: 
  WHEREAS  , the Company and the Existing Guarantors have heretofore executed and delivered to the Trustee an indenture, dated as of May 14, 2015 (as supplemented by the First Supplemental Indenture thereto, dated as of June 12, 2015, and the Second Supplemental Indenture thereto, dated as of August 28, 2015, the    Indenture   ), providing for the issuance by the Company of 6.500% Senior Subordinated Notes due 2025 (the    Notes   ) and the guarantees thereof by each of the Existing Guarantors;  
  WHEREAS  , the Indenture provides that under certain circumstances described therein, newly created or acquired Domestic Restricted Subsidiaries shall execute and deliver to the Trustee a supplemental indenture to the Indenture providing for a senior subordinated guarantee of payment of the Notes by such Domestic Restricted Subsidiary (the    Guarantee     
  WHEREAS  , all things necessary to make this Supplemental Indenture the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company, the Existing Guarantors and the Guaranteeing Subsidiary have been done; and  
  WHEREAS  , pursuant to Section 9.01(g) of the Indenture, the Trustee is authorized to execute and deliver this Supplemental Indenture without the consent of the Holders of the Notes.  
  NOW, THEREFORE  , in consideration of the foregoing and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the Guaranteeing Subsidiary covenants and agrees for the equal and ratable benefit of the Holders of the Notes as follows:  
           1. 
    CAPITALIZED TERMS  . Capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture.  
              2. 
    GUARANTEE, ETC  . The Guaranteeing Subsidiary hereby agrees that from and after the date hereof it shall be a Guarantor under the Indenture and be bound by the terms thereof applicable to Guarantors and shall be entitled to all of the rights and subject to all the obligations of a Guarantor thereunder.  
              3. 
    RATIFICATION OF INDENTURE; SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE PART OF INDENTURE  . The Indenture is in all respects ratified and confirmed and all the terms, conditions and provisions thereof shall remain in full force and effect. This Supplemental Indenture shall form a part of the Indenture for all purposes, and every holder of Notes heretofore or hereafter authenticated and delivered shall be bound hereby.  
              4. 
    EXECUTION AND DELIVERY  . The Guaranteeing Subsidiary agrees that the Guarantee granted by it pursuant to the terms hereof shall remain in full force and effect notwithstanding any failure to endorse on each Note a notation of such Guarantee.  
              5. 
    NO RECOURSE AGAINST OTHERS  . No past, present or future director, officer, employee, incorporator, stockholder or agent of the Guaranteeing Subsidiary (or any successor entity) (other than the Company or the Existing Guarantors), as such, shall have any liability for any obligations of the Company, TD Group, the Guaranteeing Subsidiary or any other Guarantor under the Notes, any Guarantee, the Indenture or this Supplemental Indenture or for any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason of, such obligations or their creation. Each Holder of the Notes by accepting a Note waives and releases all such liability. The waiver and release are part of the consideration for issuance of the Notes.  
              6. 
    NEW YORK LAW TO GOVERN  . THE INTERNAL LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SHALL GOVERN AND BE USED TO CONSTRUE THIS SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE AND THE GUARANTEE GRANTED HEREUNDER WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO APPLICABLE PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAW TO THE EXTENT THAT THE APPLICATION OF THE LAWS OF ANOTHER JURISDICTION WOULD BE REQUIRED THEREBY.  
     
   - 3 -     

7. 
    COUNTERPART ORIGINALS  . The parties may sign any number of copies of this Supplemental Indenture. Each signed copy shall be an original, but all of them together represent the same agreement.  
              8. 
    EFFECT OF HEADINGS  . The Section headings have been inserted for convenience of reference only, are not to be considered part of this Supplemental Indenture and shall in no way modify or restrict any of the terms or provisions hereof.  
              9. 
    THE TRUSTEE  . The Trustee shall not be responsible in any manner whatsoever for or in respect of the validity or sufficiency of this Supplemental Indenture or for or in respect of the recitals contained herein, all of which recitals are made solely by the Guaranteeing Subsidiary, the Existing Guarantors and the Company.  
     [Signature page follows.] 
  
   - 4 -     

IN WITNESS WHEREOF  , the parties hereto have caused this Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed as of the date hereof.  
  TRANSDIGM INC. 
           By: 
    /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
              Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title:  
    Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
     TRANSDIGM GROUP INCORPORATED 
           By: 
    /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
              Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title 
    Executive Vice President and Chief   Financial Officer 
       
  ACME AEROSPACE, INC. 
  ADAMS RITE AEROSPACE, INC. 
  AEROCONTROLEX GROUP, INC. 
  AIRBORNE ACQUISITION, INC. 
  AIRBORNE GLOBAL, INC. 
  AIRBORNE HOLDINGS, INC. 
  AIRBORNE SYSTEMS NORTH AMERICA OF CA INC. 
  AIRBORNE SYSTEMS NORTH AMERICA OF NJ INC. 
  AMSAFE GLOBAL HOLDINGS, INC. 
  AMSAFE, INC. 
  ARKWIN INDUSTRIES, INC. 
  AVIATION TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
  AVTECHTYEE, INC. 
  BRIDPORT-AIR CARRIER, INC. 
  BRIDPORT HOLDINGS, INC. 
  BRUCE AEROSPACE INC. 
  HARTWELL CORPORATION 
  MARATHONNORCO AEROSPACE, INC. 
  MCKECHNIE AEROSPACE DE, INC. 
  MCKECHNIE AEROSPACE US LLC 
           By: 
    McKechnie Aerospace DE, Inc., its sole member 
     SHIELD RESTRAINT SYSTEMS, INC. 
  SEMCO INSTRUMENTS, INC. 
  SKURKA AEROSPACE INC. 
  
   [Signature page to the Third Supplemental Indenture   2025 Notes] 

TEXAS ROTRONICS, INC. 
  TRANSICOIL LLC 
           By: 
    Aviation Technologies, Inc., its sole member 
     By:      /s/ Gregory Rufus     
           Name: 
    Gregory Rufus 
              Title: 
    Chief Executive Officer 
     AEROSONIC LLC 
  AVIONIC INSTRUMENTS LLC 
  BREEZE-EASTERN LLC 
  CDA INTERCORP LLC 
  CEF INDUSTRIES, LLC 
  CHAMPION AEROSPACE LLC 
  HARCO LLC 
  SCHNELLER LLC 
  TELAIR INTERNATIONAL LLC 
  TELAIR US LLC 
  WHIPPANY ACTUATION SYSTEMS, LLC     
  By:    TransDigm Inc., its sole member 
  By:      /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
           Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title: 
    Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
     AIRBORNE SYSTEMS NA INC. 
  AIRBORNE SYSTEMS NORTH AMERICA INC. 
  AVIONICS SPECIALTIES, INC. 
  ELECTROMECH TECHNOLOGIES LLC 
           By: 
    McKechnie Aerospace Investments, Inc., its sole member 
     MCKECHNIE AEROSPACE HOLDINGS, INC. 
  MCKECHNIE AEROSPACE INVESTMENTS, INC. 
  By:      /s/ Gregory Rufus     
           Name: 
    Gregory Rufus 
              Title: 
    President 
       
  BRIDPORT ERIE AVIATION, INC. 
  By:      /s/ Gregory Rufus     
           Name: 
    Gregory Rufus 
              Title: 
    Vice President and Treasurer 
       
  DUKES AEROSPACE, INC. 
  By:      /s/ Gregory Rufus     
           Name: 
    Gregory Rufus 
              Title: 
    Chairman of the Board 
       
  PEXCO AEROSPACE, INC. 
  By:      /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
  
   [Signature page to the Third Supplemental Indenture   2025 Notes] 

Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title: 
    President 
     PNEUDRAULICS, INC. 
  By:      /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
           Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title: 
    Chief Executive Officer 

[Signature page to the Third Supplemental Indenture   2025 Notes] 

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, N.A., AS TRUSTEE 
  By:          /s/ Lawrence M. Kusch         
           Name: 
    Lawrence M. Kusch 
              Title: 
    Vice President 

[Signature page to the Third Supplemental Indenture   2025 Notes] 

</EX-4.37>

<EX-4.38>
 36
 exhibit438.htm
 EXHIBIT 4.38

Exhibit 

Exhibit 4.38 

TRANSDIGM INC.,  
  TRANSDIGM GROUP INCORPORATED,  
  THE GUARANTORS NAMED HEREIN,  
  AND  
  THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, N.A.,  
  as Trustee  
  
  FOURTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE  
  Dated as of July 8, 2016  
  to  
  Indenture  
  Dated as of May 14, 2015  
  by and among  
  TRANSDIGM INC.,  
  TRANSDIGM GROUP INCORPORATED,  
  THE GUARANTORS NAMED THEREIN,  
  AND  
  THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, N.A.,  
  as Trustee  
  
  6.500% Senior Subordinated Notes due 2025  
  of TransDigm Inc.  

This   FOURTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE   (this    Supplemental Indenture   ), dated as of July 8, 2016, by and among ILC Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   ILC Holdings   ), ILC Industries, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   ILC Industries   ), Data Device Corporation, a Delaware corporation (   DDC   ), Beta Transformer Technology Corporation, a New York corporation (   Beta Corporation   ), and Beta Transformer Technology LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Beta LLC    and, together with ILC Holdings, ILC Industries, DDC and Beta Corporation, the    Guaranteeing Subsidiaries   ), TransDigm Inc., a Delaware corporation (the    Company   ), TransDigm Group Incorporated, a Delaware corporation (   TD Group   ), Adams Rite Aerospace, Inc., a California corporation (   Adams Rite   ), MarathonNorco Aerospace, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Marathon   ), Champion Aerospace LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Champion   ), Avionic Instruments LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Avionic   ), Skurka Aerospace Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Skurka   ), CDA InterCorp LLC, a Florida limited liability company (   CDA   ), Aviation Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   ATI   ), AvtechTyee, Inc., a Washington corporation (   Avtech   ), Transicoil LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Transicoil   ), AeroControlex Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   AeroControlex   ), Bruce Aerospace Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Bruce Aerospace   ), CEF Industries, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   CEF   ), Acme Aerospace, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Acme   ), Dukes Aerospace, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Dukes   ), Semco Instruments, Inc., a Delaware corporation, (   Semco   ), Hartwell Corporation, a California corporation (   Hartwell   ), McKechnie Aerospace DE, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   McKechnie Aerospace DE   ), McKechnie Aerospace Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   McKechnie Aerospace Holdings   ), McKechnie Aerospace Investments, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   McKechnie Aerospace Investments   ), McKechnie Aerospace US LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   McKechnie Aerospace US   ), Texas Rotronics, Inc., a Texas corporation (   Rotronics   ), Electromech Technologies LLC (formerly Western Sky Industries, LLC), a Delaware limited liability company (   Electromech   ), Schneller LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Schneller   ), HARCO LLC (formerly Harco Laboratories, Incorporated), a Connecticut limited liability company (   HARCO   ), AmSafe Global Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   AmSafe Global   ), Bridport Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Bridport Holdings   ), AmSafe, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   AmSafe Inc.   ), Shield Restraint Systems, Inc. (formerly AmSafe Commercial Products, Inc.), a Delaware corporation (   Shield   ), Bridport-Air Carrier, Inc., a Washington corporation (   Bridport-Air   ), Bridport Erie Aviation, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Bridport Erie   ), Arkwin Industries, Inc., a New York corporation (   Arkwin   ), Whippany Actuation Systems, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Whippany   ), Aerosonic LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Aerosonic   ), Avionics Specialties, Inc., a Virginia corporation (   Avionics Specialties   ), Airborne Global, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Airborne Global   ), Airborne Holdings, Inc., a Delaware Corporation (   Airborne Holdings   ), Airborne Acquisition, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Airborne Acquisitions   ), Airborne Systems NA Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Airborne Systems NA   ), Airborne Systems North America Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Airborne Systems North America   ), Airborne Systems North America of CA Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Airborne Systems North America CA   ), Airborne Systems North America of NJ Inc., a New Jersey corporation (   Airborne Systems North America NJ   ), Telair US LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Telair US   ), Telair International LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Telair International   ), Pexco Aerospace, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Pexco Aerospace   ), PneuDraulics, Inc., a California corporation (   PneuDraulics   ) and Breeze-Eastern LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (collectively with TD Group, Adams Rite, Marathon, Champion, Avionic, Skurka, CDA, ATI, Avtech, Transicoil, AeroControlex, Bruce Aerospace, CEF, Acme, Dukes, Semco, Hartwell, McKechnie Aerospace DE, McKechnie Aerospace Holdings, McKechnie Aerospace Investments, McKechnie Aerospace US, Rotronics, Electromech, Schneller, HARCO, AmSafe Global, Bridport Holdings, AmSafe Inc., Shield, Bridport-Air, Bridport Erie, Arkwin, Whippany, Aerosonic, Avionics Specialties, Airborne Global, Airborne Holdings, Airborne Acquisitions, Airborne Systems NA, Airborne Systems North America, Airborne Systems North America CA, Airborne Systems North America NJ, Telair US, Telair International, Pexco Aerospace and PneuDraulics, the    Existing Guarantors   ), and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (the    Trustee   ) under the Indenture referred to below. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meaning assigned to them in the Indenture. 
  
   - 2 -     

WITNESSETH: 
  WHEREAS  , the Company and the Existing Guarantors have heretofore executed and delivered to the Trustee an indenture, dated as of May 14, 2015 (as supplemented by the First Supplemental Indenture thereto, dated as of June 12, 2015, the Second Supplemental Indenture thereto, dated as of August 28, 2015 and the Third Supplemental Indenture thereto, dated as of April 1, 2016, the    Indenture   ), providing for the issuance by the Company of 6.500% Senior Subordinated Notes due 2025 (the    Notes   ) and the guarantees thereof by each of the Existing Guarantors;  
  WHEREAS  , the Indenture provides that under certain circumstances described therein, newly created or acquired Domestic Restricted Subsidiaries shall execute and deliver to the Trustee a supplemental indenture to the Indenture providing for a senior subordinated guarantee of payment of the Notes by such Domestic Restricted Subsidiary (the    Guarantee     
  WHEREAS  , all things necessary to make this Supplemental Indenture the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company, the Existing Guarantors and the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries have been done; and  
  WHEREAS  , pursuant to Section 9.01(g) of the Indenture, the Trustee is authorized to execute and deliver this Supplemental Indenture without the consent of the Holders of the Notes.  
  NOW, THEREFORE  , in consideration of the foregoing and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, each of the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries covenants and agrees for the equal and ratable benefit of the Holders of the Notes as follows:  
           1. 
    CAPITALIZED TERMS  . Capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture.  
              2. 
    GUARANTEE, ETC  . Each of the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries hereby agrees that from and after the date hereof it shall be a Guarantor under the Indenture and be bound by the terms thereof applicable to Guarantors and shall be entitled to all of the rights and subject to all the obligations of a Guarantor thereunder.  
              3. 
    RATIFICATION OF INDENTURE; SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE PART OF INDENTURE  . The Indenture is in all respects ratified and confirmed and all the terms, conditions and provisions thereof shall remain in full force and effect. This Supplemental Indenture shall form a part of the Indenture for all purposes, and every holder of Notes heretofore or hereafter authenticated and delivered shall be bound hereby.  
              4. 
    EXECUTION AND DELIVERY  . Each of the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries agrees that the Guarantee granted by it pursuant to the terms hereof shall remain in full force and effect notwithstanding any failure to endorse on each Note a notation of such Guarantee.  
              5. 
    NO RECOURSE AGAINST OTHERS  . No past, present or future director, officer, employee, incorporator, stockholder or agent of any of the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries (or any successor entity) (other than the Company or the Existing Guarantors), as such, shall have any liability for any obligations of the Company, TD Group, the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries or any other Guarantor under the Notes, any Guarantee, the Indenture or this Supplemental Indenture or for any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason of, such obligations or their creation. Each Holder of the Notes by accepting a Note waives and releases all such liability. The waiver and release are part of the consideration for issuance of the Notes.  
              6. 
    NEW YORK LAW TO GOVERN  . THE INTERNAL LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SHALL GOVERN AND BE USED TO CONSTRUE THIS SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE AND THE GUARANTEE GRANTED HEREUNDER WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO APPLICABLE PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAW TO THE EXTENT THAT THE APPLICATION OF THE LAWS OF ANOTHER JURISDICTION WOULD BE REQUIRED THEREBY.  
     
   - 3 -     

7. 
    COUNTERPART ORIGINALS  . The parties may sign any number of copies of this Supplemental Indenture. Each signed copy shall be an original, but all of them together represent the same agreement.  
              8. 
    EFFECT OF HEADINGS  . The Section headings have been inserted for convenience of reference only, are not to be considered part of this Supplemental Indenture and shall in no way modify or restrict any of the terms or provisions hereof.  
              9. 
    THE TRUSTEE  . The Trustee shall not be responsible in any manner whatsoever for or in respect of the validity or sufficiency of this Supplemental Indenture or for or in respect of the recitals contained herein, all of which recitals are made solely by the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries, the Existing Guarantors and the Company.  
     [Signature page follows.] 
  
   - 4 -     

IN WITNESS WHEREOF  , the parties hereto have caused this Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed as of the date hereof.  
  TRANSDIGM INC. 
           By: 
    /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
              Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title:  
    Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
     TRANSDIGM GROUP INCORPORATED 
           By: 
    /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
              Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title 
    Executive Vice President and Chief   Financial Officer  
       
  ACME AEROSPACE, INC. 
  ADAMS RITE AEROSPACE, INC. 
  AIRBORNE SYSTEMS NORTH AMERICA OF NJ INC. 
  AMSAFE GLOBAL HOLDINGS, INC. 
  AMSAFE, INC. 
  ARKWIN INDUSTRIES, INC. 
  AVTECHTYEE, INC. 
  BRUCE AEROSPACE INC. 
  DUKES AEROSPACE, INC. 
  ELECTROMECH TECHNOLOGIES LLC 
  By:    McKechnie Aerospace Investments, Inc., its sole  
                      member 
  HARTWELL CORPORATION 
  MARATHONNORCO AEROSPACE, INC. 
  MCKECHNIE AEROSPACE INVESTMENTS, INC. 
  PEXCO AEROSPACE, INC. 
  PNEUDRAULICS, INC. 
  SHIELD RESTRAINT SYSTEMS, INC. 
  SEMCO INSTRUMENTS, INC. 
  SKURKA AEROSPACE INC. 
  TEXAS ROTRONICS, INC. 
  By:      /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
           Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title: 
    Chief Executive Officer 

[Signature page to the Fourth Supplemental Indenture   2025 Notes] 

AEROCONTROLEX GROUP, INC. 
  AIRBORNE ACQUISITION, INC. 
  AIRBORNE GLOBAL, INC. 
  AIRBORNE HOLDINGS, INC. 
  AVIATION TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
  BRIDPORT HOLDINGS, INC. 
  BRIDPORT-AIR CARRIER, INC. 
  MCKECHNIE AEROSPACE DE, INC. 
  MCKECHNIE AEROSPACE US LLC 
  By:    McKechnie Aerospace DE, Inc., its sole member 
  TRANSICOIL LLC 
  By:    Aviation Technologies, Inc., its sole member 
  By:      /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
           Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title: 
    President and Chief Executive Officer 
     AEROSONIC LLC 
  AVIONIC INSTRUMENTS LLC 
  BREEZE-EASTERN LLC 
  CDA INTERCORP LLC 
  CEF INDUSTRIES, LLC 
  CHAMPION AEROSPACE LLC 
  HARCO LLC 
  SCHNELLER LLC 
  TELAIR US LLC 
  WHIPPANY ACTUATION SYSTEMS, LLC     
  By:    TransDigm Inc., its sole member 
  TELAIR INTERNATIONAL LLC 
  By:    Telair US LLC, its sole member 
  By:      /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
           Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title: 
    Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
     AIRBORNE SYSTEMS NA INC. 
  AIRBORNE SYSTEMS NORTH AMERICA INC. 
  AVIONICS SPECIALTIES, INC. 
  MCKECHNIE AEROSPACE HOLDINGS, INC. 
  By:      /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
           Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title: 
    President 
       
  BRIDPORT ERIE AVIATION, INC. 
  By:      /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
           Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title: 
    Vice President and Treasurer 
                              
  AIRBORNE SYSTEMS NORTH AMERICA OF CA INC. 
  By:      /s/ Sean P. Maroney     
           Name: 
    Sean P. Maroney 
              Title: 
    Treasurer 
     
   [Signature page to the Fourth Supplemental Indenture   2025 Notes] 

BETA TRANSFORMER TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION 
  DATA DEVICE CORPORATION 
  ILC HOLDINGS, INC. 
  ILC INDUSTRIES, LLC 
  By:    ILC Holdings, Inc., its sole member 
  By:      /s/ Halle F. Terrion     
           Name: 
    Halle F. Terrion 
              Title: 
    Secretary 
       
  BETA TRANSFORMER TECHNOLOGY LLC 
  By:      /s/ Vincent Buffa     
           Name: 
    Vincent Buffa 
              Title: 
    Manager 
     
   [Signature page to the Fourth Supplemental Indenture   2025 Notes] 

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, N.A., AS TRUSTEE 
  By:      /s/ Lawrence M. Kusch     
           Name: 
    Lawrence M. Kusch 
              Title: 
    Vice President 

[Signature page to the Fourth Supplemental Indenture   2025 Notes] 

</EX-4.38>

<EX-4.39>
 37
 exhibit439.htm
 EXHIBIT 4.39

Exhibit 

Exhibit 4.39 

TRANSDIGM INC.,  
  TRANSDIGM GROUP INCORPORATED,  
  THE GUARANTORS NAMED HEREIN,  
  AND  
  THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, N.A.,  
  as Trustee  
  
  FIFTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE  
  Dated as of October 28, 2016  
  to  
  Indenture  
  Dated as of May 14, 2015  
  by and among  
  TRANSDIGM INC.,  
  TRANSDIGM GROUP INCORPORATED,  
  THE GUARANTORS NAMED THEREIN,  
  AND  
  THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, N.A.,  
  as Trustee  
  
  6.500% Senior Subordinated Notes due 2025  
  of TransDigm Inc.  

This   FIFTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE   (this    Supplemental Indenture   ), dated as of October 28, 2016, by and among Young   Franklin Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Young   Franklin   ), Tactair Fluid Controls, Inc., a New York corporation (   Tactair   ), Johnson Liverpool LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (together with Young   Franklin and Tactair, the    Guaranteeing Subsidiaries   ), TransDigm Inc., a Delaware corporation (the    Company   ), TransDigm Group Incorporated, a Delaware corporation (   TD Group   ), Adams Rite Aerospace, Inc., a California corporation (   Adams Rite   ), MarathonNorco Aerospace, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Marathon   ), Champion Aerospace LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Champion   ), Avionic Instruments LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Avionic   ), Skurka Aerospace Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Skurka   ), CDA InterCorp LLC, a Florida limited liability company (   CDA   ), Aviation Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   ATI   ), AvtechTyee, Inc., a Washington corporation (   Avtech   ), Transicoil LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Transicoil   ), AeroControlex Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   AeroControlex   ), Bruce Aerospace Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Bruce Aerospace   ), CEF Industries, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   CEF   ), Acme Aerospace, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Acme   ), Dukes Aerospace, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Dukes   ), Semco Instruments, Inc., a Delaware corporation, (   Semco   ), Hartwell Corporation, a California corporation (   Hartwell   ), McKechnie Aerospace DE, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   McKechnie Aerospace DE   ), McKechnie Aerospace Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   McKechnie Aerospace Holdings   ), McKechnie Aerospace Investments, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   McKechnie Aerospace Investments   ), McKechnie Aerospace US LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   McKechnie Aerospace US   ), Texas Rotronics, Inc., a Texas corporation (   Rotronics   ), Electromech Technologies LLC (formerly Western Sky Industries, LLC), a Delaware limited liability company (   Electromech   ), Schneller LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Schneller   ), HARCO LLC (formerly Harco Laboratories, Incorporated), a Connecticut limited liability company (   HARCO   ), AmSafe Global Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   AmSafe Global   ), Bridport Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Bridport Holdings   ), AmSafe, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   AmSafe Inc.   ), Shield Restraint Systems, Inc. (formerly AmSafe Commercial Products, Inc.), a Delaware corporation (   Shield   ), Bridport-Air Carrier, Inc., a Washington corporation (   Bridport-Air   ), Bridport Erie Aviation, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Bridport Erie   ), Arkwin Industries, Inc., a New York corporation (   Arkwin   ), Whippany Actuation Systems, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Whippany   ), Aerosonic LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Aerosonic   ), Avionics Specialties, Inc., a Virginia corporation (   Avionics Specialties   ), Airborne Global, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Airborne Global   ), Airborne Holdings, Inc., a Delaware Corporation (   Airborne Holdings   ), Airborne Acquisition, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Airborne Acquisitions   ), Airborne Systems NA Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Airborne Systems NA   ), Airborne Systems North America Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Airborne Systems North America   ), Airborne Systems North America of CA Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Airborne Systems North America CA   ), Airborne Systems North America of NJ Inc., a New Jersey corporation (   Airborne Systems North America NJ   ), Telair US LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Telair US   ), Telair International LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Telair International   ), Pexco Aerospace, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Pexco Aerospace   ), PneuDraulics, Inc., a California corporation (   PneuDraulics   ), Breeze-Eastern LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Breeze-Eastern   ), ILC Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   ILC Holdings   ), ILC Industries, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   ILC Industries   ), Data Device Corporation, a Delaware corporation (   DDC   ), Beta Transformer Technology Corporation, a New York corporation (   Beta Corporation   ), and Beta Transformer Technology LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (collectively with TD Group, Adams Rite, Marathon, Champion, Avionic, Skurka, CDA, ATI, Avtech, Transicoil, AeroControlex, Bruce Aerospace, CEF, Acme, Dukes, Semco, Hartwell, McKechnie Aerospace DE, McKechnie Aerospace Holdings, McKechnie Aerospace Investments, McKechnie Aerospace US, Rotronics, Electromech, Schneller, HARCO, AmSafe Global, Bridport Holdings, AmSafe Inc., Shield, Bridport-Air, Bridport Erie, Arkwin, Whippany, Aerosonic, Avionics Specialties, Airborne Global, Airborne Holdings, Airborne Acquisitions, Airborne Systems NA, Airborne Systems North America, Airborne Systems North America CA, Airborne Systems North America NJ, Telair US, Telair International, Pexco Aerospace, PneuDraulics, Breeze-Eastern, ILC Holdings, ILC Industries, DDC and Beta Corporation, the    Existing Guarantors   ), and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (the    Trustee   ) under the Indenture referred to below. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meaning assigned to them in the Indenture. 
  
   - 2 -     

WITNESSETH: 
  WHEREAS  , the Company and the Existing Guarantors have heretofore executed and delivered to the Trustee an indenture, dated as of May 14, 2015 (as supplemented by the First Supplemental Indenture thereto, dated as of June 12, 2015, the Second Supplemental Indenture thereto, dated as of August 28, 2015, the Third Supplemental Indenture thereto, dated as of April 1, 2016, and the Fourth Supplemental Indenture thereto, dated as of July 8, 2016, the    Indenture   ), providing for the issuance by the Company of 6.500% Senior Subordinated Notes due 2025 (the    Notes   ) and the guarantees thereof by each of the Existing Guarantors;  
  WHEREAS  , the Indenture provides that under certain circumstances described therein, newly created or acquired Domestic Restricted Subsidiaries shall execute and deliver to the Trustee a supplemental indenture to the Indenture providing for a senior subordinated guarantee of payment of the Notes by such Domestic Restricted Subsidiary (the    Guarantee     
  WHEREAS  , all things necessary to make this Supplemental Indenture the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company, the Existing Guarantors and the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries have been done; and  
  WHEREAS  , pursuant to Section 9.01(g) of the Indenture, the Trustee is authorized to execute and deliver this Supplemental Indenture without the consent of the Holders of the Notes.  
  NOW, THEREFORE  , in consideration of the foregoing and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, each of the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries covenants and agrees for the equal and ratable benefit of the Holders of the Notes as follows:  
           1. 
    CAPITALIZED TERMS  . Capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture.  
              2. 
    GUARANTEE, ETC  . Each of the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries hereby agrees that from and after the date hereof it shall be a Guarantor under the Indenture and be bound by the terms thereof applicable to Guarantors and shall be entitled to all of the rights and subject to all the obligations of a Guarantor thereunder.  
              3. 
    RATIFICATION OF INDENTURE; SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE PART OF INDENTURE  . The Indenture is in all respects ratified and confirmed and all the terms, conditions and provisions thereof shall remain in full force and effect. This Supplemental Indenture shall form a part of the Indenture for all purposes, and every holder of Notes heretofore or hereafter authenticated and delivered shall be bound hereby.  
              4. 
    EXECUTION AND DELIVERY  . Each of the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries agrees that the Guarantee granted by it pursuant to the terms hereof shall remain in full force and effect notwithstanding any failure to endorse on each Note a notation of such Guarantee.  
              5. 
    NO RECOURSE AGAINST OTHERS  . No past, present or future director, officer, employee, incorporator, stockholder or agent of any of the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries (or any successor entity) (other than the Company or the Existing Guarantors), as such, shall have any liability for any obligations of the Company, TD Group, the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries or any other Guarantor under the Notes, any Guarantee, the Indenture or this Supplemental Indenture or for any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason of, such obligations or their creation. Each Holder of the Notes by accepting a Note waives and releases all such liability. The waiver and release are part of the consideration for issuance of the Notes.  
              6. 
    NEW YORK LAW TO GOVERN  . THE INTERNAL LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SHALL GOVERN AND BE USED TO CONSTRUE THIS SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE AND THE GUARANTEE GRANTED HEREUNDER WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO APPLICABLE PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAW TO THE EXTENT THAT THE APPLICATION OF THE LAWS OF ANOTHER JURISDICTION WOULD BE REQUIRED THEREBY.  
     
   - 3 -     

7. 
    COUNTERPART ORIGINALS  . The parties may sign any number of copies of this Supplemental Indenture. Each signed copy shall be an original, but all of them together represent the same agreement.  
              8. 
    EFFECT OF HEADINGS  . The Section headings have been inserted for convenience of reference only, are not to be considered part of this Supplemental Indenture and shall in no way modify or restrict any of the terms or provisions hereof.  
              9. 
    THE TRUSTEE  . The Trustee shall not be responsible in any manner whatsoever for or in respect of the validity or sufficiency of this Supplemental Indenture or for or in respect of the recitals contained herein, all of which recitals are made solely by the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries, the Existing Guarantors and the Company.  
     [Signature page follows.] 
  
   - 4 -     

IN WITNESS WHEREOF  , the parties hereto have caused this Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed as of the date hereof.  
  TRANSDIGM INC. 
           By: 
    /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
              Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title:  
    Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
     TRANSDIGM GROUP INCORPORATED 
           By: 
    /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
              Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title 
    Executive Vice President and Chief   Financial Officer  
       
  ACME AEROSPACE, INC. 
  ADAMS RITE AEROSPACE, INC. 
  AIRBORNE SYSTEMS NORTH AMERICA OF NJ INC. 
  AMSAFE GLOBAL HOLDINGS, INC. 
  AMSAFE, INC. 
  ARKWIN INDUSTRIES, INC. 
  AVTECHTYEE, INC. 
  BRUCE AEROSPACE INC. 
  DUKES AEROSPACE, INC. 
  ELECTROMECH TECHNOLOGIES LLC 
  By:    McKechnie Aerospace Investments, Inc., its sole  
                      member 
  HARTWELL CORPORATION 
  JOHNSON LIVERPOOL LLC 
  By:    Young   Franklin Inc., its sole member 
  MARATHONNORCO AEROSPACE, INC. 
  MCKECHNIE AEROSPACE INVESTMENTS, INC. 
  PEXCO AEROSPACE, INC. 
  PNEUDRAULICS, INC. 
  SHIELD RESTRAINT SYSTEMS, INC. 
  SEMCO INSTRUMENTS, INC. 
  SKURKA AEROSPACE INC. 
  TACTAIR FLUID CONTROLS, INC. 
  TEXAS ROTRONICS, INC. 
  YOUNG   FRANKLIN INC. 
  By:      /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
           Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title: 
    Chief Executive Officer 

[Signature page to the Fifth Supplemental Indenture   2025 Notes] 

AEROCONTROLEX GROUP, INC. 
  AIRBORNE ACQUISITION, INC. 
  AIRBORNE GLOBAL, INC. 
  AIRBORNE HOLDINGS, INC. 
  AVIATION TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
  BRIDPORT HOLDINGS, INC. 
  BRIDPORT-AIR CARRIER, INC. 
  MCKECHNIE AEROSPACE DE, INC. 
  MCKECHNIE AEROSPACE US LLC 
  By:    McKechnie Aerospace DE, Inc., its sole member 
  TRANSICOIL LLC 
  By:    Aviation Technologies, Inc., its sole member 
  By:      /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
           Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title: 
    President and Chief Executive Officer 
     AEROSONIC LLC 
  AVIONIC INSTRUMENTS LLC 
  BREEZE-EASTERN LLC 
  CDA INTERCORP LLC 
  CEF INDUSTRIES, LLC 
  CHAMPION AEROSPACE LLC 
  HARCO LLC 
  SCHNELLER LLC 
  TELAIR US LLC 
  WHIPPANY ACTUATION SYSTEMS, LLC     
  By:    TransDigm Inc., its sole member 
  TELAIR INTERNATIONAL LLC 
  By:    Telair US LLC, its sole member 
  By:      /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
           Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title: 
    Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
     AIRBORNE SYSTEMS NA INC. 
  AIRBORNE SYSTEMS NORTH AMERICA INC. 
  AVIONICS SPECIALTIES, INC. 
  MCKECHNIE AEROSPACE HOLDINGS, INC. 
  By:      /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
           Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title: 
    President 
       
  BRIDPORT ERIE AVIATION, INC. 
  By:      /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
           Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title: 
    Vice President and Treasurer 
                              
  AIRBORNE SYSTEMS NORTH AMERICA OF CA INC. 
  By:      /s/ Sean P. Maroney     
           Name: 
    Sean P. Maroney 
              Title: 
    Treasurer 
     
   [Signature page to the Fifth Supplemental Indenture   2025 Notes] 

BETA TRANSFORMER TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION 
  BETA TRANSFORMER TECHNOLOGY LLC 
  By:    Beta Transformer Technology Corporation, its 
  sole member 
  DATA DEVICE CORPORATION 
  ILC HOLDINGS, INC. 
  ILC INDUSTRIES, LLC 
  By:    ILC Holdings, Inc., its sole member 
  By:      /s/ Halle F. Terrion     
           Name: 
    Halle F. Terrion 
              Title: 
    Secretary 

[Signature page to the Fifth Supplemental Indenture   2025 Notes] 

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, N.A., AS TRUSTEE 
  By:          /s/ Lawrence M. Kusch     
           Name: 
    Lawrence M. Kusch 
              Title: 
    Vice President 

[Signature page to the Fifth Supplemental Indenture   2025 Notes] 

</EX-4.39>

<EX-4.41>
 38
 exhibit441.htm
 EXHIBIT 4.41

Exhibit 

Exhibit 4.41 

TRANSDIGM INC.,  
  TRANSDIGM GROUP INCORPORATED,  
  THE GUARANTORS NAMED HEREIN,  
  AND  
  THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, N.A.,  
  as Trustee  
  
  FIRST SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE  
  Dated as of July 8, 2016  
  to  
  Indenture  
  Dated as of June 9, 2016  
  by and among  
  TRANSDIGM INC.,  
  TRANSDIGM GROUP INCORPORATED,  
  THE GUARANTORS NAMED THEREIN,  
  AND  
  THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, N.A.,  
  as Trustee  
  
  6.375% Senior Subordinated Notes due 2026  
  of TransDigm Inc.  

This   FIRST SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE   (this    Supplemental Indenture   ), dated as of July 8, 2016, by and among ILC Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   ILC Holdings   ), ILC Industries, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   ILC Industries   ), Data Device Corporation, a Delaware corporation (   DDC   ), Beta Transformer Technology Corporation, a New York corporation (   Beta Corporation   ), and Beta Transformer Technology LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Beta LLC    and, together with ILC Holdings, ILC Industries, DDC and Beta Corporation the    Guaranteeing Subsidiaries   ), TransDigm Inc., a Delaware corporation (the    Company   ), TransDigm Group Incorporated, a Delaware corporation (   TD Group   ), Adams Rite Aerospace, Inc., a California corporation (   Adams Rite   ), MarathonNorco Aerospace, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Marathon   ), Champion Aerospace LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Champion   ), Avionic Instruments LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Avionic   ), Skurka Aerospace Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Skurka   ), CDA InterCorp LLC, a Florida limited liability company (   CDA   ), Aviation Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   ATI   ), AvtechTyee, Inc., a Washington corporation (   Avtech   ), Transicoil LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Transicoil   ), AeroControlex Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   AeroControlex   ), Bruce Aerospace Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Bruce Aerospace   ), CEF Industries, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   CEF   ), Acme Aerospace, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Acme   ), Dukes Aerospace, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Dukes   ), Semco Instruments, Inc., a Delaware corporation, (   Semco   ), Hartwell Corporation, a California corporation (   Hartwell   ), McKechnie Aerospace DE, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   McKechnie Aerospace DE   ), McKechnie Aerospace Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   McKechnie Aerospace Holdings   ), McKechnie Aerospace Investments, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   McKechnie Aerospace Investments   ), McKechnie Aerospace US LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   McKechnie Aerospace US   ), Texas Rotronics, Inc., a Texas corporation (   Rotronics   ), Electromech Technologies LLC (formerly Western Sky Industries, LLC), a Delaware limited liability company (   Electromech   ), Schneller LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Schneller   ), HARCO LLC (formerly Harco Laboratories, Incorporated), a Connecticut limited liability company (   HARCO   ), AmSafe Global Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   AmSafe Global   ), Bridport Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Bridport Holdings   ), AmSafe, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   AmSafe Inc.   ), Shield Restraint Systems, Inc. (formerly AmSafe Commercial Products, Inc.), a Delaware corporation (   Shield   ), Bridport-Air Carrier, Inc., a Washington corporation (   Bridport-Air   ), Bridport Erie Aviation, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Bridport Erie   ), Arkwin Industries, Inc., a New York corporation (   Arkwin   ), Whippany Actuation Systems, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Whippany   ), Aerosonic LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Aerosonic   ), Avionics Specialties, Inc., a Virginia corporation (   Avionics Specialties   ), Airborne Global, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Airborne Global   ), Airborne Holdings, Inc., a Delaware Corporation (   Airborne Holdings   ), Airborne Acquisition, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Airborne Acquisitions   ), Airborne Systems NA Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Airborne Systems NA   ), Airborne Systems North America Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Airborne Systems North America   ), Airborne Systems North America of CA Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Airborne Systems North America CA   ), Airborne Systems North America of NJ Inc., a New Jersey corporation (   Airborne Systems North America NJ   ), Telair US LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Telair US   ), Telair International LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Telair International   ), Pexco Aerospace, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Pexco Aerospace   ), PneuDraulics, Inc., a California corporation (   PneuDraulics   ) and Breeze-Eastern LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (collectively with TD Group, Adams Rite, Marathon, Champion, Avionic, Skurka, CDA, ATI, Avtech, Transicoil, AeroControlex, Bruce Aerospace, CEF, Acme, Dukes, Semco, Hartwell, McKechnie Aerospace DE, McKechnie Aerospace Holdings, McKechnie Aerospace Investments, McKechnie Aerospace US, Rotronics, Electromech, Schneller, HARCO, AmSafe Global, Bridport Holdings, AmSafe Inc., Shield, Bridport-Air, Bridport Erie, Arkwin, Whippany, Aerosonic, Avionics Specialties, Airborne Global, Airborne Holdings, Airborne Acquisitions, Airborne Systems NA, Airborne Systems North America, Airborne Systems North America CA, Airborne Systems North America NJ, Telair US, Telair International, Pexco Aerospace and PneuDraulics, the    Existing Guarantors   ), and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (the    Trustee   ) under the Indenture referred to below. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meaning assigned to them in the Indenture. 
  
   - 2 -     

WITNESSETH: 
  WHEREAS  , the Company and the Existing Guarantors have heretofore executed and delivered to the Trustee an indenture, dated as of June 9, 2016 (the    Indenture   ), providing for the issuance by the Company of 6.375% Senior Subordinated Notes due 2026 (the    Notes   ) and the guarantees thereof by each of the Existing Guarantors;  
  WHEREAS  , the Indenture provides that under certain circumstances described therein, newly created or acquired Domestic Restricted Subsidiaries shall execute and deliver to the Trustee a supplemental indenture to the Indenture providing for a senior subordinated guarantee of payment of the Notes by such Domestic Restricted Subsidiary (the    Guarantee     
  WHEREAS  , all things necessary to make this Supplemental Indenture the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company, the Existing Guarantors and the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries have been done; and  
  WHEREAS  , pursuant to Section 9.01(g) of the Indenture, the Trustee is authorized to execute and deliver this Supplemental Indenture without the consent of the Holders of the Notes.  
  NOW, THEREFORE  , in consideration of the foregoing and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, each of the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries covenants and agrees for the equal and ratable benefit of the Holders of the Notes as follows:  
           1. 
    CAPITALIZED TERMS  . Capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture.  
              2. 
    GUARANTEE, ETC  . Each of the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries hereby agrees that from and after the date hereof it shall be a Guarantor under the Indenture and be bound by the terms thereof applicable to Guarantors and shall be entitled to all of the rights and subject to all the obligations of a Guarantor thereunder.  
              3. 
    RATIFICATION OF INDENTURE; SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE PART OF INDENTURE  . The Indenture is in all respects ratified and confirmed and all the terms, conditions and provisions thereof shall remain in full force and effect. This Supplemental Indenture shall form a part of the Indenture for all purposes, and every holder of Notes heretofore or hereafter authenticated and delivered shall be bound hereby.  
              4. 
    EXECUTION AND DELIVERY  . Each of the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries agrees that the Guarantee granted by it pursuant to the terms hereof shall remain in full force and effect notwithstanding any failure to endorse on each Note a notation of such Guarantee.  
              5. 
    NO RECOURSE AGAINST OTHERS  . No past, present or future director, officer, employee, incorporator, stockholder or agent of any of the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries (or any successor entity) (other than the Company or the Existing Guarantors), as such, shall have any liability for any obligations of the Company, TD Group, the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries or any other Guarantor under the Notes, any Guarantee, the Indenture or this Supplemental Indenture or for any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason of, such obligations or their creation. Each Holder of the Notes by accepting a Note waives and releases all such liability. The waiver and release are part of the consideration for issuance of the Notes.  
              6. 
    NEW YORK LAW TO GOVERN  . THE INTERNAL LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SHALL GOVERN AND BE USED TO CONSTRUE THIS SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE AND THE GUARANTEE GRANTED HEREUNDER WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO APPLICABLE PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAW TO THE EXTENT THAT THE APPLICATION OF THE LAWS OF ANOTHER JURISDICTION WOULD BE REQUIRED THEREBY.  
     
   - 3 -     

7. 
    COUNTERPART ORIGINALS  . The parties may sign any number of copies of this Supplemental Indenture. Each signed copy shall be an original, but all of them together represent the same agreement.  
              8. 
    EFFECT OF HEADINGS  . The Section headings have been inserted for convenience of reference only, are not to be considered part of this Supplemental Indenture and shall in no way modify or restrict any of the terms or provisions hereof.  
              9. 
    THE TRUSTEE  . The Trustee shall not be responsible in any manner whatsoever for or in respect of the validity or sufficiency of this Supplemental Indenture or for or in respect of the recitals contained herein, all of which recitals are made solely by the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries, the Existing Guarantors and the Company.  
     [Signature page follows.] 
  
   - 4 -     

IN WITNESS WHEREOF  , the parties hereto have caused this Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed as of the date hereof.  
  TRANSDIGM INC. 
           By: 
    /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
              Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title:  
    Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
     TRANSDIGM GROUP INCORPORATED 
           By: 
    /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
              Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title 
    Executive Vice President and Chief   Financial Officer 
       
  ACME AEROSPACE, INC. 
  ADAMS RITE AEROSPACE, INC. 
  AIRBORNE SYSTEMS NORTH AMERICA OF NJ INC. 
  AMSAFE GLOBAL HOLDINGS, INC. 
  AMSAFE, INC. 
  ARKWIN INDUSTRIES, INC. 
  AVTECHTYEE, INC. 
  BRUCE AEROSPACE INC. 
  DUKES AEROSPACE, INC. 
  ELECTROMECH TECHNOLOGIES LLC 
  By:    McKechnie Aerospace Investments, Inc., its sole  
                      member 
  HARTWELL CORPORATION 
  MARATHONNORCO AEROSPACE, INC. 
  MCKECHNIE AEROSPACE INVESTMENTS, INC. 
  PEXCO AEROSPACE, INC. 
  PNEUDRAULICS, INC. 
  SHIELD RESTRAINT SYSTEMS, INC. 
  SEMCO INSTRUMENTS, INC. 
  SKURKA AEROSPACE INC. 
  TEXAS ROTRONICS, INC. 
  By:      /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
           Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title: 
    Chief Executive Officer 

[Signature page to the First Supplemental Indenture   2026 Notes] 

AEROCONTROLEX GROUP, INC. 
  AIRBORNE ACQUISITION, INC. 
  AIRBORNE GLOBAL, INC. 
  AIRBORNE HOLDINGS, INC. 
  AVIATION TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
  BRIDPORT HOLDINGS, INC. 
  BRIDPORT-AIR CARRIER, INC. 
  MCKECHNIE AEROSPACE DE, INC. 
  MCKECHNIE AEROSPACE US LLC 
  By:    McKechnie Aerospace DE, Inc., its sole member 
  TRANSICOIL LLC 
  By:    Aviation Technologies, Inc., its sole member 
  By:      /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
           Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title: 
    President and Chief Executive Officer 
     AEROSONIC LLC 
  AVIONIC INSTRUMENTS LLC 
  BREEZE-EASTERN LLC 
  CDA INTERCORP LLC 
  CEF INDUSTRIES, LLC 
  CHAMPION AEROSPACE LLC 
  HARCO LLC 
  SCHNELLER LLC 
  TELAIR US LLC 
  WHIPPANY ACTUATION SYSTEMS, LLC     
  By:    TransDigm Inc., its sole member 
  TELAIR INTERNATIONAL LLC 
  By:    Telair US LLC, its sole member 
  By:      /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
           Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title: 
    Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
       
  AIRBORNE SYSTEMS NA INC. 
  AIRBORNE SYSTEMS NORTH AMERICA INC. 
  AVIONICS SPECIALTIES, INC. 
  MCKECHNIE AEROSPACE HOLDINGS, INC. 
  By:      /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
           Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title: 
    President 
       
  BRIDPORT ERIE AVIATION, INC. 
  By:      /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
           Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title: 
    Vice President and Treasurer 
                              
  AIRBORNE SYSTEMS NORTH AMERICA OF CA INC. 
  By:      /s/ Sean P. Maroney     
           Name: 
    Sean P. Maroney 
              Title: 
    Treasurer 
     
   [Signature page to the First Supplemental Indenture   2026 Notes] 

BETA TRANSFORMER TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION 
  DATA DEVICE CORPORATION 
  ILC HOLDINGS, INC. 
  ILC INDUSTRIES, LLC 
  By:    ILC Holdings, Inc., its sole member 
  By:      /s/ Halle F. Terrion     
           Name: 
    Halle F. Terrion 
              Title: 
    Secretary 
       
  BETA TRANSFORMER TECHNOLOGY LLC 
  By:      /s/ Vincent Buffa     
           Name: 
    Vincent Buffa 
              Title: 
    Manager 

[Signature page to the First Supplemental Indenture   2026 Notes] 

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, N.A., AS TRUSTEE 
  By:      /s/ Lawrence M. Kusch     
           Name: 
    Lawrence M. Kusch 
              Title: 
    Vice President 

[Signature page to the First Supplemental Indenture   2026 Notes] 

</EX-4.41>

<EX-4.42>
 39
 exhibit442.htm
 EXHIBIT 4.42

Exhibit 

Exhibit 4.42 

TRANSDIGM INC.,  
  TRANSDIGM GROUP INCORPORATED,  
  THE GUARANTORS NAMED HEREIN,  
  AND  
  THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, N.A.,  
  as Trustee  
  
  SECOND SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE  
  Dated as of October 28, 2016  
  to  
  Indenture  
  Dated as of June 9, 2016  
  by and among  
  TRANSDIGM INC.,  
  TRANSDIGM GROUP INCORPORATED,  
  THE GUARANTORS NAMED THEREIN,  
  AND  
  THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, N.A.,  
  as Trustee  
  
  6.375% Senior Subordinated Notes due 2026  
  of TransDigm Inc.  

This   SECOND SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE   (this    Supplemental Indenture   ), dated as of October 28, 2016, by and among Young   Franklin Inc., a New York corporation (   Young   Franklin   ), Tactair Fluid Controls, Inc., a New York corporation (   Tactair   ), and Johnson Liverpool LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (together with Young   Franklin and Tactair, the    Guaranteeing Subsidiaries   ), TransDigm Inc., a Delaware corporation (the    Company   ), TransDigm Group Incorporated, a Delaware corporation (   TD Group   ), Adams Rite Aerospace, Inc., a California corporation (   Adams Rite   ), MarathonNorco Aerospace, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Marathon   ), Champion Aerospace LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Champion   ), Avionic Instruments LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Avionic   ), Skurka Aerospace Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Skurka   ), CDA InterCorp LLC, a Florida limited liability company (   CDA   ), Aviation Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   ATI   ), AvtechTyee, Inc., a Washington corporation (   Avtech   ), Transicoil LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Transicoil   ), AeroControlex Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   AeroControlex   ), Bruce Aerospace Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Bruce Aerospace   ), CEF Industries, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   CEF   ), Acme Aerospace, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Acme   ), Dukes Aerospace, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Dukes   ), Semco Instruments, Inc., a Delaware corporation, (   Semco   ), Hartwell Corporation, a California corporation (   Hartwell   ), McKechnie Aerospace DE, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   McKechnie Aerospace DE   ), McKechnie Aerospace Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   McKechnie Aerospace Holdings   ), McKechnie Aerospace Investments, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   McKechnie Aerospace Investments   ), McKechnie Aerospace US LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   McKechnie Aerospace US   ), Texas Rotronics, Inc., a Texas corporation (   Rotronics   ), Electromech Technologies LLC (formerly Western Sky Industries, LLC), a Delaware limited liability company (   Electromech   ), Schneller LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Schneller   ), HARCO LLC (formerly Harco Laboratories, Incorporated), a Connecticut limited liability company (   HARCO   ), AmSafe Global Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   AmSafe Global   ), Bridport Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Bridport Holdings   ), AmSafe, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   AmSafe Inc.   ), Shield Restraint Systems, Inc. (formerly AmSafe Commercial Products, Inc.), a Delaware corporation (   Shield   ), Bridport-Air Carrier, Inc., a Washington corporation (   Bridport-Air   ), Bridport Erie Aviation, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Bridport Erie   ), Arkwin Industries, Inc., a New York corporation (   Arkwin   ), Whippany Actuation Systems, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Whippany   ), Aerosonic LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Aerosonic   ), Avionics Specialties, Inc., a Virginia corporation (   Avionics Specialties   ), Airborne Global, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Airborne Global   ), Airborne Holdings, Inc., a Delaware Corporation (   Airborne Holdings   ), Airborne Acquisition, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Airborne Acquisitions   ), Airborne Systems NA Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Airborne Systems NA   ), Airborne Systems North America Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Airborne Systems North America   ), Airborne Systems North America of CA Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Airborne Systems North America CA   ), Airborne Systems North America of NJ Inc., a New Jersey corporation (   Airborne Systems North America NJ   ), Telair US LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Telair US   ), Telair International LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Telair International   ), Pexco Aerospace, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Pexco Aerospace   ), PneuDraulics, Inc., a California corporation (   PneuDraulics   ), Breeze-Eastern LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Breeze-Eastern   ), ILC Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   ILC Holdings   ), ILC Industries, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   ILC Industries   ), Data Device Corporation, a Delaware corporation (   DDC   ), Beta Transformer Technology Corporation, a New York corporation (   Beta Corporation   ), and Beta Transformer Technology LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (collectively with TD Group, Adams Rite, Marathon, Champion, Avionic, Skurka, CDA, ATI, Avtech, Transicoil, AeroControlex, Bruce Aerospace, CEF, Acme, Dukes, Semco, Hartwell, McKechnie Aerospace DE, McKechnie Aerospace Holdings, McKechnie Aerospace Investments, McKechnie Aerospace US, Rotronics, Electromech, Schneller, HARCO, AmSafe Global, Bridport Holdings, AmSafe Inc., Shield, Bridport-Air, Bridport Erie, Arkwin, Whippany, Aerosonic, Avionics Specialties, Airborne Global, Airborne Holdings, Airborne Acquisitions, Airborne Systems NA, Airborne Systems North America, Airborne Systems North America CA, Airborne Systems North America NJ, Telair US, Telair International, Pexco Aerospace, PneuDraulics, Breeze-Eastern, ILC Holdings, ILC Industries, DDC and Beta Corporation, the    Existing Guarantors   ), and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (the    Trustee   ) under the Indenture referred to below. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meaning assigned to them in the Indenture. 
  
   - 2 -     

WITNESSETH: 
  WHEREAS  , the Company and the Existing Guarantors have heretofore executed and delivered to the Trustee an indenture, dated as of June 9, 2016 (as supplemented by the First Supplemental Indenture thereto, dated as of July 8, 2016, the    Indenture   ), providing for the issuance by the Company of 6.375% Senior Subordinated Notes due 2026 (the    Notes   ) and the guarantees thereof by each of the Existing Guarantors;  
  WHEREAS  , the Indenture provides that under certain circumstances described therein, newly created or acquired Domestic Restricted Subsidiaries shall execute and deliver to the Trustee a supplemental indenture to the Indenture providing for a senior subordinated guarantee of payment of the Notes by such Domestic Restricted Subsidiary (the    Guarantee     
  WHEREAS  , all things necessary to make this Supplemental Indenture the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company, the Existing Guarantors and the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries have been done; and  
  WHEREAS  , pursuant to Section 9.01(g) of the Indenture, the Trustee is authorized to execute and deliver this Supplemental Indenture without the consent of the Holders of the Notes.  
  NOW, THEREFORE  , in consideration of the foregoing and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, each of the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries covenants and agrees for the equal and ratable benefit of the Holders of the Notes as follows:  
           1. 
    CAPITALIZED TERMS  . Capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture.  
              2. 
    GUARANTEE, ETC  . Each of the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries hereby agrees that from and after the date hereof it shall be a Guarantor under the Indenture and be bound by the terms thereof applicable to Guarantors and shall be entitled to all of the rights and subject to all the obligations of a Guarantor thereunder.  
              3. 
    RATIFICATION OF INDENTURE; SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE PART OF INDENTURE  . The Indenture is in all respects ratified and confirmed and all the terms, conditions and provisions thereof shall remain in full force and effect. This Supplemental Indenture shall form a part of the Indenture for all purposes, and every holder of Notes heretofore or hereafter authenticated and delivered shall be bound hereby.  
              4. 
    EXECUTION AND DELIVERY  . Each of the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries agrees that the Guarantee granted by it pursuant to the terms hereof shall remain in full force and effect notwithstanding any failure to endorse on each Note a notation of such Guarantee.  
              5. 
    NO RECOURSE AGAINST OTHERS  . No past, present or future director, officer, employee, incorporator, stockholder or agent of any of the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries (or any successor entity) (other than the Company or the Existing Guarantors), as such, shall have any liability for any obligations of the Company, TD Group, the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries or any other Guarantor under the Notes, any Guarantee, the Indenture or this Supplemental Indenture or for any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason of, such obligations or their creation. Each Holder of the Notes by accepting a Note waives and releases all such liability. The waiver and release are part of the consideration for issuance of the Notes.  
              6. 
    NEW YORK LAW TO GOVERN  . THE INTERNAL LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SHALL GOVERN AND BE USED TO CONSTRUE THIS SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE AND THE GUARANTEE GRANTED HEREUNDER WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO APPLICABLE PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAW TO THE EXTENT THAT THE APPLICATION OF THE LAWS OF ANOTHER JURISDICTION WOULD BE REQUIRED THEREBY.  
     
   - 3 -     

7. 
    COUNTERPART ORIGINALS  . The parties may sign any number of copies of this Supplemental Indenture. Each signed copy shall be an original, but all of them together represent the same agreement.  
              8. 
    EFFECT OF HEADINGS  . The Section headings have been inserted for convenience of reference only, are not to be considered part of this Supplemental Indenture and shall in no way modify or restrict any of the terms or provisions hereof.  
              9. 
    THE TRUSTEE  . The Trustee shall not be responsible in any manner whatsoever for or in respect of the validity or sufficiency of this Supplemental Indenture or for or in respect of the recitals contained herein, all of which recitals are made solely by the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries, the Existing Guarantors and the Company.  
     [Signature page follows.] 
  
   - 4 -     

IN WITNESS WHEREOF  , the parties hereto have caused this Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed as of the date hereof.  
  TRANSDIGM INC. 
           By: 
    /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
              Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title:  
    Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
     TRANSDIGM GROUP INCORPORATED 
           By: 
    /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
              Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title 
    Executive Vice President and Chief   Financial Officer 
       
  ACME AEROSPACE, INC. 
  ADAMS RITE AEROSPACE, INC. 
  AIRBORNE SYSTEMS NORTH AMERICA OF NJ INC. 
  AMSAFE GLOBAL HOLDINGS, INC. 
  AMSAFE, INC. 
  ARKWIN INDUSTRIES, INC. 
  AVTECHTYEE, INC. 
  BRUCE AEROSPACE INC. 
  DUKES AEROSPACE, INC. 
  ELECTROMECH TECHNOLOGIES LLC 
  By:    McKechnie Aerospace Investments, Inc., its sole  
                      member 
  HARTWELL CORPORATION 
  JOHNSON LIVERPOOL LLC 
  By:    Young   Franklin Inc., its sole member 
  MARATHONNORCO AEROSPACE, INC. 
  MCKECHNIE AEROSPACE INVESTMENTS, INC. 
  PEXCO AEROSPACE, INC. 
  PNEUDRAULICS, INC. 
  SHIELD RESTRAINT SYSTEMS, INC. 
  SEMCO INSTRUMENTS, INC. 
  SKURKA AEROSPACE INC. 
  TACTAIR FLUID CONTROLS, INC. 
  TEXAS ROTRONICS, INC. 
  YOUNG   FRANKLIN INC. 
  By:      /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
           Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title: 
    Chief Executive Officer 

[Signature page to the Second Supplemental Indenture   2026 Notes] 

AEROCONTROLEX GROUP, INC. 
  AIRBORNE ACQUISITION, INC. 
  AIRBORNE GLOBAL, INC. 
  AIRBORNE HOLDINGS, INC. 
  AVIATION TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
  BRIDPORT HOLDINGS, INC. 
  BRIDPORT-AIR CARRIER, INC. 
  MCKECHNIE AEROSPACE DE, INC. 
  MCKECHNIE AEROSPACE US LLC 
  By:    McKechnie Aerospace DE, Inc., its sole member 
  TRANSICOIL LLC 
  By:    Aviation Technologies, Inc., its sole member 
  By:      /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
           Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title: 
    President and Chief Executive Officer 
     AEROSONIC LLC 
  AVIONIC INSTRUMENTS LLC 
  BREEZE-EASTERN LLC 
  CDA INTERCORP LLC 
  CEF INDUSTRIES, LLC 
  CHAMPION AEROSPACE LLC 
  HARCO LLC 
  SCHNELLER LLC 
  TELAIR US LLC 
  WHIPPANY ACTUATION SYSTEMS, LLC     
  By:    TransDigm Inc., its sole member 
  TELAIR INTERNATIONAL LLC 
  By:    Telair US LLC, its sole member 
  By:      /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
           Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title: 
    Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
     AIRBORNE SYSTEMS NA INC. 
  AIRBORNE SYSTEMS NORTH AMERICA INC. 
  AVIONICS SPECIALTIES, INC. 
  MCKECHNIE AEROSPACE HOLDINGS, INC. 
  By:      /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
           Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title: 
    President 
       
  BRIDPORT ERIE AVIATION, INC. 
  By:      /s/ Terrance M. Paradie     
           Name: 
    Terrance M. Paradie 
              Title: 
    Vice President and Treasurer 
                              
  AIRBORNE SYSTEMS NORTH AMERICA OF CA INC. 
  By:      /s/ Sean P. Maroney     
           Name: 
    Sean P. Maroney 
              Title: 
    Treasurer 

[Signature page to the Second Supplemental Indenture   2026 Notes] 

BETA TRANSFORMER TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION 
  BETA TRANSFORMER TECHNOLOGY LLC 
  By:    Beta Transformer Technology Corporation, its 
  sole member 
  DATA DEVICE CORPORATION 
  ILC HOLDINGS, INC. 
  ILC INDUSTRIES, LLC 
  By:    ILC Holdings, Inc., its sole member 
  By:      /s/ Halle F. Terrion     
           Name: 
    Halle F. Terrion 
              Title: 
    Secretary 
     
   [Signature page to the Second Supplemental Indenture   2026 Notes] 

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, N.A., AS TRUSTEE 
  By:          /s/ Lawrence M. Kusch     
           Name: 
    Lawrence M. Kusch 
              Title: 
    Vice President 

[Signature page to the Second Supplemental Indenture   2026 Notes] 

</EX-4.42>

<EX-21.1>
 40
 exhibit211.htm
 EXHIBIT 21.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 21.1 

SUBSIDIARIES OF TRANSDIGM GROUP INCORPORATED 
    
  TransDigm Inc. is a 100% owned subsidiary of TransDigm Group Incorporated 
  TransDigm Inc. owns directly or indirectly the following subsidiaries: 

Name of Subsidiary 
      
    State of Jurisdiction of 
  Incorporation or Organization 
      Abbott Electronics Ltd. 
      
    England 
      Acme Aerospace, Inc. 
      
    Delaware 
      Adams Rite Aerospace, Inc. 
      
    California 
      Adams Rite Aerospace GmbH 
      
    Germany 
      Advanced Inflatable Products Limited 
      
    England 
      AeroControlex Group, Inc. 
      
    Delaware 
      Aerosonic LLC 
      
    Delaware 
      Air-Sea Survival Equipment Trustee Limited 
      
    England 
      Airborne Acquisition, Inc. 
      
    Delaware 
      Airborne Global, Inc. 
      
    Delaware 
      Airborne Holdings, Inc. 
      
    Delaware 
      Airborne Systems Canada Ltd. 
      
    Ontario, Canada 
      Airborne Systems France 
      
    France 
      Airborne Systems Group Limited 
      
    England 
      Airborne Systems Holdings Limited 
      
    England 
      Airborne Systems Limited 
      
    England 
      Airborne Systems NA, Inc. 
      
    Delaware 
      Airborne Systems North America Inc. 
      
    Delaware 
      Airborne Systems North America of CA Inc. 
      
    Delaware 
      Airborne Systems North America of NJ Inc. 
      
    New Jersey 
      Airborne Systems Pension Trust Limited 
      
    England 
      Airborne UK Acquisition Limited 
      
    England 
      Airborne UK Parent Limited 
      
    England 
      Aircraft Materials Limited 
      
    England 
      AmSafe, Inc. 
      
    Delaware 
      AmSafe Aviation (Chongqing), Ltd. 
      
    China 
      AmSafe Bridport Ltd. 
      
    England 
      AmSafe Bridport (Kunshan) Co., Ltd. 
      
    China 
      AmSafe Bridport (Private) Ltd. 
      
    Sri Lanka 
      AmSafe Global Holdings, Inc. 
      
    Delaware 
      AmSafe Global Services (Private) Limited 
      
    Sri Lanka 
      ARA Deutschland GmbH 
      
    Germany 
      ARA Holding GmbH 
      
    Germany 
      Arkwin Industries, Inc. 
      
    New York 
      Aviation Technologies, Inc. 
      
    Delaware 
      Avionic Instruments LLC 
      
    Delaware 
      Avionics Specialties, Inc. 
      
    Virginia 

Name of Subsidiary 
      
    State of Jurisdiction of 
  Incorporation or Organization 
      AvtechTyee, Inc. 
      
    Washington 
      Beta Transformer Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V. 
      
    Mexico 
      Beta Transformer Technology Corporation 
      
    New York 
      Beta Transformer Technology LLC 
      
    Delaware 
      Breeze-Eastern LLC 
      
    Delaware 
      Bridport Air Carrier, Inc. 
      
    Washington 
      Bridport Erie Aviation, Inc. 
      
    Delaware 
      Bridport Holdings, Inc. 
      
    Delaware 
      Bridport Ltd. 
      
    England 
      Bruce Aerospace, Inc. 
      
    Delaware 
      CDA InterCorp LLC 
      
    Florida 
      CEF Industries, LLC 
      
    Delaware 
      Champion Aerospace LLC 
      
    Delaware 
      Data Device Corporation 
      
    Delaware 
      DDC Electronics K.K. 
      
    Japan 
      DDC Electronics Ltd. 
      
    England 
      DDC Elektronik, GmbH 
      
    Germany 
      DDC Electronique, S.A.R.L. 
      
    France 
      DDC Holdings (UK) Limited 
      
    England 
      DDC (United Kingdom) Ltd. 
      
    England 
      DDL195 Limited 
      
    England 
      Dukes Aerospace, Inc. 
      
    Delaware 
      Edlaw Limited 
      
    England 
      Electromech Technologies LLC 
      
    Delaware 
      Elektro-Metall Export GmbH 
      
    Germany 
      Elektro-Metall Paks KFT 
      
    Hungary 
      GC Parachutes Limited 
      
    England 
      HARCO LLC 
      
    Connecticut 
      Hartwell Corporation 
      
    California 
      ILC Holdings, Inc. 
      
    Delaware 
      ILC Industries, LLC 
      
    Delaware 
      Irvin Aerospace Limited 
      
    England 
      Irvin-GQ Limited 
      
    England 
      Johnson Liverpool LLC 
      
    Delaware 
      Kunshan Shield Restraint Systems, Ltd. 
      
    China 
      MarathonNorco Aerospace, Inc. 
      
    Delaware 
      McKechnie Aerospace DE, Inc. 
      
    Delaware 
      McKechnie Aerospace (Europe) Ltd. 
      
    England 
      McKechnie Aerospace Holdings, Inc. 
      
    Delaware 
      McKechnie Aerospace Investments, Inc. 
      
    Delaware 
      McKechnie Aerospace US LLC 
      
    Delaware 
      Mecanismos de Matamoros S.A. de C.V. 
      
    Mexico 
      Militair Aviation, Ltd. 
      
    England 

Name of Subsidiary 
      
    State of Jurisdiction of 
  Incorporation or Organization 
      Nordisk Asia Pacific Limited 
      
    Hong Kong 
      Nordisk Asia Pacific Pte Ltd 
      
    Singapore 
      Nordisk Aviation Products AS 
      
    Norway 
      Nordisk Aviation Products (Kunshan) Ltd. 
      
    China 
      Pascall Electronics (Holdings) Ltd. 
      
    England 
      Pascall Electronics Limited 
      
    England 
      Pexco Aerospace, Inc. 
      
    Delaware 
      PneuDraulics, Inc. 
      
    California 
      Rancho TransTechnology Corporation 
      
    California 
      Retainers, Inc. 
      
    New Jersey 
      Schneller Asia Pte. Ltd. 
      
    Singapore 
      Schneller LLC 
      
    Delaware 
      Schneller S.A.R.L. 
      
    France 
      Semco Instruments, Inc. 
      
    Delaware 
      Shield Restraint Systems, Inc. 
      
    Delaware 
      Shield Restraint Systems Ltd. 
      
    England 
      Skurka Aerospace, Inc. 
      
    Delaware 
      SSP Industries 
      
    California 
      Tactair Fluid Controls, Inc. 
      
    New York 
      TDG Cayman Limited 
      
    Cayman Islands 
      TDG Germany GmbH 
      
    Germany 
      TDG Netherlands BV 
      
    Netherlands 
      Technical Airborne Components Limited 
      
    England 
      Technical Airborne Components Industries SPRL 
      
    Belgium 
      Telair US LLC 
      
    Delaware 
      Telair International AB 
      
    Sweden 
      Telair International GmbH 
      
    Germany 
      Telair International LLC 
      
    Delaware 
      Telair International Services PTE Ltd (JV 70.5%) 
      
    Singapore 
      Texas Rotronics, Inc. 
      
    Texas 
      TransDigm Holdings UK Limited 
      
    UK 
      TransDigm Ireland Ltd. 
      
    Ireland 
      TransDigm Receivables LLC 
      
    Delaware 
      Transicoil (Malaysia) Sendirian Berhad 
      
    Malaysia 
      Transicoil LLC 
      
    Delaware 
      TransTechnology Germany GmbH 
      
    Germany 
      TransTechnology International Corporation 
      
    Delaware 
      TT Connecticut Corporation 
      
    Connecticut 
      TTERUSA, Inc. 
      
    New Jersey 
      Whippany Actuation Systems, LLC 
      
    Delaware 
      XCEL Power Systems Ltd. 
      
    England 
      Young   Franklin Inc. 
      
    New York 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 41
 exhibit311tdg2016-09x30.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
  CERTIFICATION 
  I, W. Nicholas Howley, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of TransDigm Group Incorporated; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
       
           (a) 
    designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              (b) 
    designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              (c) 
    evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              (d) 
    disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
       
           5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors: 
       
           (a) 
    all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              (b) 
    any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
     Date:   November 15, 2016    
    
               /s/ W. Nicholas Howley 
      Name: W. Nicholas Howley 
      Title: Chairman of the Board of Directors, President and Chief 
      Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 42
 exhibit312tdg2016-09x30.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
  CERTIFICATION 
  I, Terrance M. Paradie, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of TransDigm Group Incorporated; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
       
           (a) 
    designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              (b) 
    designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              (c) 
    evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              (d) 
    disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
       
           5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors: 
       
           (a) 
    all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              (b) 
    any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
     Date:   November 15, 2016    
    
               /s/ Terrance M. Paradie 
      Name: Terrance M. Paradie 
      Title: Executive Vice President and Chief  
      Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 43
 exhibit321tdg2016-09x30.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of TransDigm Group Incorporated (the  Company ) for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, W. Nicholas Howley, Chairman of the Board of Directors, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer), certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 
           1. 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934; and 
              2. 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents in all material respects, the financial condition of the Company as of the dates indicated and results of operations of the Company for the periods indicated. 
       
  Date:   November 15, 2016    
    
               /s/ W. Nicholas Howley 
      Name: W. Nicholas Howley 
      Title: Chairman of the Board of Directors, President and Chief 
      Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 44
 exhibit322tdg2016-09x30.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.2 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of TransDigm Group Incorporated (the  Company ) for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Terrance M. Paradie, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 
           1. 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934; and 
              2. 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents in all material respects, the financial condition of the Company as of the dates indicated and results of operations of the Company for the periods indicated. 
       
  Date:   November 15, 2016    
    
               /s/ Terrance M. Paradie 
      Name: Terrance M. Paradie 
      Title: Executive Vice President and Chief  
      Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 45
 tdg-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 46
 tdg-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 47
 tdg-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 48
 tdg-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 49
 tdg-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 50
 tdg-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

