<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161110_10-Q_edgar_data_1490630_0001493152-16-014729_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7084027</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>519786</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>344181</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2276651</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2390756</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1311151</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>168</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>17</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-16-014729.hdr.sgml : 20161110
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161110161442
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-16-014729
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		95
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161110
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161110

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Rhino Resource Partners LP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001490630
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BITUMINOUS COAL & LIGNITE SURFACE MINING [1221]
		IRS NUMBER:				272377517
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34892
		FILM NUMBER:		161988202

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		424 LEWIS HARGETT CIRCLE SUITE 250
		CITY:			LEXINGTON
		STATE:			KY
		ZIP:			40503
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(859) 389-6500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		424 LEWIS HARGETT CIRCLE SUITE 250
		CITY:			LEXINGTON
		STATE:			KY
		ZIP:			40503

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-16-014729.txt : 20161110

10-Q
 1
 form10-q.htm

UNITED
STATES   

   SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

   Washington,
D.C. 20549   

FORM
10-Q   

(Mark
One)    

For
the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016  

OR   

For
the transition period from ________ to ________    

Commission
file number 001-34892   

RHINO
RESOURCE PARTNERS LP   

  (Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

Delaware   
         
       27-2377517    
 
       (State
    or other jurisdiction of   
      incorporation or organization)   
         
       (IRS
    Employer   
      Identification No.)    

(859)
389-6500   

   (Registrant s
telephone number, including area code)   

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such
reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.[X] Yes [  ] No  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). [X] Yes [  ]
No  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller
reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large
    accelerated filer  
      [  ]  
         
      Accelerated
    filer  
      [  ]   
 
      Non-accelerated
    filer  
      [  ]  
      (Do
    not check if a smaller reporting company)  
      Smaller
    reporting company  
      [X]   

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). [  ] Yes [X]
No  

As
of November 7, 2016, 7,905,799 common units and 1,235,534 subordinated units were outstanding.  

TABLE
OF CONTENTS  

Page   

Cautionary
    Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements   
       1   
 
        Part
    I. Financial Information (Unaudited)    
       2   
 
      ITEM
    1.  
       FINANCIAL
    STATEMENTS   
       2   

Condensed
    Consolidated Statements of Financial Position as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015   
       2   

Condensed
    Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and
    2015   
       3   

Condensed
    Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
     4  

Notes
    to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   
      5    
 
      Item
    2  
       Management s
    Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
       31   
 
      Item
    4  
       Controls
    and Procedures   
       71   
 
        PART
    II Other Information    
      71   
 
      Item
    1  
       Legal
    Proceedings   
        71  
 
      Item
    1A  
       Risk
    Factors   
        71  
 
      Item
    2  
       Unregistered
    Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
        71  
 
      Item
    3  
       Defaults
    upon Senior Securities   
       72   
 
      Item
    4  
       Mine
    Safety Disclosure   
        72  
 
      Item
    5  
       Other
    Information   
        72  
 
      Item
    6  
       Exhibits   
       73   
 
        SIGNATURES    
       75   

Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements    

This
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains certain  forward-looking statements.  Statements included in this report that
are not historical facts, that address activities, events or developments that we expect or anticipate will or may occur in the
future, including things such as statements regarding our future financial position, expectations with respect to our liquidity,
capital resources and ability to continue as a going concern, plans for growth of the business, future capital expenditures, references
to future goals or intentions or other such references are forward-looking statements. These statements can be identified by the
use of forward-looking terminology, including  may,   believe,   expect,   anticipate, 
 estimate,   continue,  or similar words. These statements are made by us based on our experience and
our perception of historical trends, current conditions and expected future developments as well as other considerations we believe
are reasonable as and when made. Whether actual results and developments in the future will conform to our expectations is subject
to numerous risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control. Therefore, actual outcomes and results could materially
differ from what is expressed, implied or forecast in these statements.  

Any
differences could be caused by a number of factors, including, but not limited to: our ability to maintain adequate cash flow
and to obtain financing necessary to fund our capital expenditures, meet working capital needs and maintain and grow our operations;
our future levels of indebtedness and compliance with debt covenants; sustained depressed levels of or decline in coal prices,
which depend upon several factors such as the supply of domestic and foreign coal, the demand for domestic and foreign coal, governmental
regulations, price and availability of alternative fuels for electricity generation and prevailing economic conditions; our ability
to comply with the qualifying income requirement necessary to maintain our status as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax
purposes; declines in demand for electricity and coal; the consummation of the acquisition of Armstrong energy, Inc. from, and
the transfer of 50% of our general partner to, Yorktown Partners LLC; our ability to realize the expected benefits of an acquisition
of Armstrong Energy, Inc.; current and future environmental laws and regulations, which could materially increase operating costs
or limit our ability to produce and sell coal; extensive government regulation of mine operations, especially with respect to
mine safety and health, which imposes significant actual and potential costs; difficulties in obtaining and/or renewing permits
necessary for operations; a variety of operating risks, such as unfavorable geologic conditions, adverse weather conditions and
natural disasters, mining and processing equipment unavailability, failures and unexpected maintenance problems and accidents,
including fire and explosions from methane; poor mining conditions resulting from the effects of prior mining; the availability
and costs of key supplies and commodities such as steel, diesel fuel and explosives; fluctuations in transportation costs or disruptions
in transportation services, which could increase competition or impair our ability to supply coal; a shortage of skilled labor,
increased labor costs or work stoppages; our ability to secure or acquire new or replacement high-quality coal reserves that are
economically recoverable; material inaccuracies in our estimates of coal reserves and non-reserve coal deposits; existing and
future laws and regulations regulating the emission of sulfur dioxide and other compounds, which could affect coal consumers and
reduce demand for coal; federal and state laws restricting the emissions of greenhouse gases; our ability to acquire or failure
to maintain, obtain or renew surety bonds used to secure obligations to reclaim mined property; our dependence on a few customers
and our ability to find and retain customers under favorable supply contracts; changes in consumption patterns by utilities away
from the use of coal, such as changes resulting from low natural gas prices; changes in governmental regulation of the electric
utility industry; our ability to successfully diversify our operations into other non-coal natural resources; defects in title
in properties that we own or losses of any of our leasehold interests; our ability to retain and attract senior management and
other key personnel; material inaccuracy of assumptions underlying reclamation and mine closure obligations; and weakness in global
economic conditions. Other factors that could cause our actual results to differ from our projected results are described in (1)
Part II,  Item 1A. Risk Factors  and elsewhere in this Form 10-Q, (2) our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2015, (3) our reports and registration statements filed from time to time with the Securities and Exchange
Commission and (4) other announcements we make from time to time. In addition, we may be subject to unforeseen risks that may
have a materially adverse effect on us. Accordingly, no assurances can be given that the actual events and results will not be
materially different from the anticipated results described in the forward-looking statements.  

The
forward-looking statements speak only as of the date made, and, other than as required by law, we undertake no obligation to publicly
update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.  

PART
I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item
1. Financial Statements (Unaudited)   

RHINO
RESOURCE PARTNERS LP   

     UNAUDITED
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION   

   (in
thousands)   

See
notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements.  

RHINO
RESOURCE PARTNERS LP   

     UNAUDITED
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND   

   COMPREHENSIVE
INCOME   

   (in
thousands, except per unit data)   

(1)
No distributions were paid on the subordinated units for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  

See
notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements  

RHINO
RESOURCE PARTNERS LP   

     UNAUDITED
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   

   (in
thousands)   

See
notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements.  

RHINO
RESOURCE PARTNERS LP    

     NOTES
TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    

   AS
OF SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND DECEMBER 31, 2015 AND FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015    

1.
BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND ORGANIZATION    

Basis
of Presentation and Principles of Consolidation    The accompanying unaudited interim financial statements include
the accounts of Rhino Resource Partners LP and its subsidiaries (the  Partnership ). Intercompany transactions and
balances have been eliminated in consolidation.  

Unaudited
Interim Financial Information   The accompanying unaudited interim financial statements have been prepared in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles for interim financial information. The condensed consolidated statement of financial
position as of September 30, 2016, condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income for the three and
nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 and the condensed consolidated statements of cash flows for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015 include all adjustments that the Partnership considers necessary for a fair presentation of the financial
position, operating results and cash flows for the periods presented. The condensed consolidated statement of financial position
as of December 31, 2015 was derived from audited financial statements, but does not include all disclosures required by accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( U.S. ). The Partnership filed its Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ), which included
all information and notes necessary for such presentation. The results of operations for the interim periods are not necessarily
indicative of the results to be expected for the year or any future period. These unaudited interim financial statements should
be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements included in the Partnership s Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the year ended December 31, 2015 filed with the SEC.  

Organization   Rhino
Resource Partners LP is a Delaware limited partnership formed on April 19, 2010 to acquire Rhino Energy LLC (the  Predecessor 
or the  Operating Company ). The Operating Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries produce and market coal from
surface and underground mines in Kentucky, Ohio, West Virginia, and Utah. The majority of sales are made to domestic utilities
and other coal-related organizations in the United States.  

On
January 21, 2016, a definitive agreement ( Definitive Agreement ) was completed between Royal Energy Resources, Inc.
( Royal ) and Wexford Capital LP ( Wexford Capital ) whereby Royal acquired 6,769,112 issued and outstanding
common units of the Partnership from Wexford Capital for $3.5 million. The Definitive Agreement also included the committed acquisition
by Royal within sixty days from the date of the Definitive Agreement of all of the issued and outstanding membership interests
of Rhino GP LLC, the general partner of the Partnership (the  General Partner ), as well as 9,455,252 issued and outstanding
subordinated units of the Partnership from Wexford Capital for $1.0 million.  

On
March 17, 2016, Royal completed the acquisition of all of the issued and outstanding membership interests of Rhino GP LLC as well
as the 9,455,252 issued and outstanding subordinated units from Wexford Capital. Royal obtained control of, and a majority limited
partner interest, in the Partnership with the completion of this transaction.  

On
March 21, 2016, the Partnership and Royal entered into a securities purchase agreement (the  Securities Purchase Agreement )
pursuant to which the Partnership issued 60,000,000 common units in the Partnership to Royal in a private placement at $0.15 per
common unit for an aggregate purchase price of $9.0 million. Royal paid the Partnership $2.0 million in cash and delivered a promissory
note payable to the Partnership in the amount of $7.0 million. The promissory note is payable in three installments: (i) $3.0
million on July 31, 2016; (ii) $2.0 million on or before September 30, 2016 and (iii) $2.0 million on or before December 31, 2016.
In the event the disinterested members of the board of directors of the General Partner determine that the Partnership does not
need the capital that would be provided by either or both installments set forth in (ii) and (iii) above, in each case, the Partnership
has the option to rescind Royal s purchase of 13,333,333 common units and the applicable installment will not be payable
(each, a  Rescission Right ). If the Partnership fails to exercise a Rescission Right, in each case, the Partnership
has the option to repurchase 13,333,333 common units at $0.30 per common unit from Royal (each, a  Repurchase Option ).
The Repurchase Options terminate on December 31, 2017. Royal s obligation to pay any installment of the promissory note
is subject to certain conditions, including that the Operating Company has entered into an agreement to extend the amended and
restated credit agreement, as amended, to a date no sooner than December 31, 2017. In the event such conditions are not satisfied
as of the date each installment is due, Royal has the right to cancel the remaining unpaid balance of the promissory note in exchange
for the surrender of such number of common units equal to the principal balance of the promissory note divided by $0.15. On May
13, 2016 and September 30, 2016, Royal paid the Partnership $3.0 million and $2.0 million, respectively, for the promissory note
installments that were due July 31, 2016 and September 30, 2016, respectively. The payments were made in relation to the fifth
amendment of the amended and restated credit agreement completed on May 13, 2016. See Note 8 for more information on the fifth
amendment to the amended and restated credit agreement.  

On
September 30, 2016, the Partnership entered into an equity exchange agreement (the  Agreement ) with Royal, Rhino
Resource Partners Holdings, LLC ( Rhino Holdings ), an entity wholly owned by certain investment partnerships managed
by Yorktown Partners LLC ( Yorktown ) and the General Partner. Investment partnerships managed by Yorktown own substantially
all of the outstanding common stock of Armstrong Energy, Inc. ( Armstrong Energy ), a coal producing company with
mines located in the Illinois Basin in western Kentucky. The Agreement contemplates that prior to closing, Yorktown will contribute
its shares of common stock of Armstrong Energy to Rhino Holdings. At the closing, Rhino Holdings will contribute those shares
to the Partnership in exchange for 10 million newly issued common units of the Partnership. The Agreement also contemplates that
the General Partner, currently owned and controlled by Royal, will issue a 50% ownership of the General Partner to Rhino Holdings
in connection with the issuance of the common units of the Partnership for the common stock of Armstrong Energy. Closing of the
Agreement is conditioned upon (i) the current bondholders of Armstrong Energy agreeing to restructure their bonds and (ii) the
Partnership refinancing its amended and restated credit agreement with funds from an equity investment into the Partnership to
be arranged by Rhino Holdings. The Agreement is also subject to other standard closing conditions and required approvals. The
Agreement contains customary covenants, representations and warranties and indemnification obligations for breaches of, or the
inaccuracy of representations or warranties or breaches of covenants contained in, the Agreement and associated agreements. The
Partnership has also agreed to enter into a registration rights agreement with Rhino Holdings that provides Rhino Holdings with
the right to demand two shelf registration statements and registration statements on Form S-1, as well as piggyback registration
rights. The Agreement may be terminated by the mutual written consent of the Partnership and Rhino Holdings or by either the Partnership
or Rhino Holdings if: (i) the closing has not occurred on or before December 31, 2016 (unless the closing is as a result of such
terminating party s inability or failure to satisfy the conditions to the closing or if the non-terminating party has filed
an action seeking specific performance); (ii) a law or order issued by a governmental authority prevents the closing from occurring
(unless such law or order resulted from such party s failure to perform its obligations under the Agreement); (iii) the
board of directors of the General Partner fails to approve the transactions or transaction documents contemplated by the Agreement;
or (iv) the lenders of the Partnership s credit facility fail to approve the transactions and transaction documents contemplated
by the Agreement. The parties anticipate the Agreement will be consummated on or before December 31, 2016.  

On
April 18, 2016, the Partnership completed a 1-for-10 reverse split on its common units and subordinated units. Pursuant to the
reverse split, common unitholders received one common unit for every 10 common units owned on April 18, 2016 and subordinated
unitholders received one subordinated unit for every 10 subordinated units owned on April 18, 2016. Any fractional units resulting
from the reverse unit split were rounded to the nearest whole unit. The reverse unit split was intended to increase the market
price per unit of Rhino s common units in order to comply with the New York Stock Exchange s ( NYSE )
continued listing standards.  

As
previously reported, on December 17, 2015, the Partnership was notified by the NYSE that the NYSE had determined to commence proceedings
to delist its common units from the NYSE as a result of the Partnership s failure to comply with the continued listing standard
set forth in Section 802.01B of the NYSE Listed Company Manual to maintain an average global market capitalization over a consecutive
30 trading-day period of at least $15 million. The NYSE also suspended the trading of the Partnership s common units at
the close of trading on December 17, 2015. On January 4, 2016, the Partnership filed an appeal with the NYSE to review the suspension
and delisting determination of its common units. The NYSE held a hearing regarding the Partnership s appeal on April 20,
2016 and affirmed its prior decision to delist the Partnership s common units. On April 27, 2016, the NYSE filed with the
SEC a notification of removal from listing and registration on Form 25 to delist the Partnership s common units and terminate
the registration of the Partnership s common units under Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The delisting
became effective on May 9, 2016. The Partnership s common units trade on the OTCQB Marketplace under the ticker symbol  RHNO.   

2.
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND GENERAL   

Investments
in Unconsolidated Affiliates.   Investments in other entities are accounted for using the consolidation, equity method or
cost basis depending upon the level of ownership, the Partnership s ability to exercise significant influence over the operating
and financial policies of the investee and whether the Partnership is determined to be the primary beneficiary of a variable interest
entity. Equity investments are recorded at original cost and adjusted periodically to recognize the Partnership s proportionate
share of the investees  net income or losses after the date of investment. Any losses from the Partnership s equity
method investments are absorbed by the Partnership based upon its proportionate ownership percentage. If losses are incurred that
exceed the Partnership s investment in the equity method entity, then the Partnership must continue to record its proportionate
share of losses in excess of its investment. Investments are written down only when there is clear evidence that a decline in
value that is other than temporary has occurred.  

In
May 2008, the Operating Company entered into a joint venture, Rhino Eastern LLC ( Rhino Eastern ), with an affiliate
of Patriot Coal Corporation ( Patriot ) to acquire the Eagle mining complex located in Central Appalachia. The Partnership
accounted for the investment in the joint venture and its results of operations under the equity method. In January 2015, the
Partnership completed a Membership Transfer Agreement (the  Transfer Agreement ) with an affiliate of Patriot that
terminated the Rhino Eastern joint venture. Pursuant to the Transfer Agreement, Patriot sold and assigned its 49% membership interest
in the Rhino Eastern joint venture to the Partnership and, in consideration of this transfer, Patriot received certain fixed assets,
leased equipment and coal reserves associated with the mining area previously operated by the Rhino Eastern joint venture. Patriot
also assumed substantially all of the active workforce related to the Eagle mining area that was previously employed by the Rhino
Eastern joint venture. The Partnership retained approximately 34 million tons of coal reserves that are not related to the Eagle
mining area as well as a prepaid advanced royalty balance. As part of the closing of the Transfer Agreement, the Partnership and
Patriot agreed to a dissolution payment based upon a final working capital adjustment calculation as defined in the Transfer Agreement.
Refer to Note 16 for information on the financial statement impact of the Rhino Eastern dissolution completed in January 2015.  

In
December 2012, the Partnership made an initial investment of approximately $2.0 million in a new joint venture, Muskie Proppant
LLC ( Muskie ), with affiliates of Wexford Capital. Muskie was formed to provide sand for fracking operations to drillers
in the Utica Shale region and other oil and natural gas basins in the United States. The Partnership accounted for the investment
in the joint venture and results of operations under the equity method. In November 2014, the Partnership contributed its interest
in Muskie to Mammoth Energy Partners LP ( Mammoth ), which is discussed below.  

In
November 2014, the Partnership contributed its investment interest in Muskie to Mammoth in return for a limited partner interest
in Mammoth. Mammoth was formed to own various companies that provide services to companies, which engage in the exploration and
development of North American onshore unconventional oil and natural gas reserves. Mammoth s companies provide services
that include completion and production services, contract land and directional drilling services and remote accommodation services.
The non-cash transaction was a contribution of the Partnership s investment interest in the Muskie entity for an investment
interest in Mammoth. Thus, the Partnership determined that the non-cash exchange of the Partnership s ownership interest
in Muskie did not result in any gain or loss. As of September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Partnership has recorded its investment in
Mammoth of $1.9 million as a long-term asset, which the Partnership records as a cost method investment based upon its ownership
percentage. In October 2016, the Partnership contributed its limited partner interests in Mammoth to Mammoth Energy Services,
Inc. in exchange for 234,300 shares of common stock of Mammoth Energy Services, Inc. See Subsequent Events Note 18 for further
details. The Partnership has included its investment in Mammoth and its prior investment in Muskie in its Other category for segment
reporting purposes.  

In
September 2014, the Partnership made an initial investment of $5.0 million in a new joint venture, Sturgeon Acquisitions LLC ( Sturgeon ),
with affiliates of Wexford Capital and Gulfport Energy ( Gulfport ), a publicly traded company. Sturgeon subsequently
acquired 100% of the outstanding equity interests of certain limited liability companies located in Wisconsin that provide frac
sand for oil and natural gas drillers in the United States. The Partnership accounts for the investment in the joint venture and
results of operations under the equity method. The Partnership recorded its proportionate share of the operating (loss) for Sturgeon
for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 of approximately ($27,000) and ($0.1) million, respectively. The Partnership
recorded its proportionate share of the operating income for Sturgeon for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 of
approximately $0.1 million and $0.3 million, respectively. The Partnership has included the operating activities of Sturgeon in
its Other category for segment reporting purposes.  

Recently
Issued Accounting Standards.   In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting
Standards Update ( ASU ) 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers  ( ASU 2014-09 ).
ASU 2014-09 clarifies the principles for recognizing revenue and establishes a common revenue standard for U.S. financial reporting
purposes. The guidance in ASU 2014-09 affects any entity that either enters into contracts with customers to transfer goods or
services or enters into contracts for the transfer of nonfinancial assets unless those contracts are within the scope of other
standards (for example, insurance contracts or lease contracts). ASU 2014-09 supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in
Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) 605,  Revenue Recognition , and most industry-specific accounting guidance.
Additionally, ASU 2014-09 supersedes some guidance included in ASC 605-35,  Revenue Recognition Construction-Type and
Production-Type Contracts . In addition, the existing requirements for the recognition of a gain or loss on the transfer of
nonfinancial assets that are not in a contract with a customer (for example, assets within the scope of ASC 360,  Property,
Plant, and Equipment , and intangible assets within the scope of ASC 350,  Intangibles Goodwill and Other ) are
amended to be consistent with the guidance on recognition and measurement (including the constraint on revenue) in ASU 2014-09.
In July 2015, the FASB approved to defer the effective date of ASU 2014-09 by one year. Accordingly, ASU 2014-09 will be effective
for public entities for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017 and interim periods therein. The Partnership
is evaluating the requirements of this new accounting guidance.  

In
January 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-01,  Income Statement-Extraordinary and Unusual Items . ASC 225-20, Income
Statement Extraordinary and Unusual Items, required that an entity separately classify, present, and disclose extraordinary
events and transactions. ASU 2015-01 eliminates the concept of extraordinary items. The amendments in ASU 2015-01 are effective
for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2015. A reporting entity may apply
the amendments prospectively. A reporting entity also may apply the amendments retrospectively to all prior periods presented
in the financial statements. Early adoption is permitted provided that the guidance is applied from the beginning of the fiscal
year of adoption. The effective date is the same for both public business entities and all other entities. The adoption of ASU
2015-01 on January 1, 2016 did not have a material impact on the Partnership s financial statements.  

In
February 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-02,  Consolidation . ASU 2015-02 affects reporting entities that are required
to evaluate whether they should consolidate certain legal entities. All legal entities are subject to reevaluation under the revised
consolidation model. Specifically, the amendments of ASU 2015-02: a) modify the evaluation of whether limited partnerships and
similar legal entities are variable interest entities (VIEs) or voting interest entities, b) eliminate the presumption that a
general partner should consolidate a limited partnership, c) affect the consolidation analysis of reporting entities that are
involved with VIEs, particularly those that have fee arrangements and related party relationships and d) provide a scope exception
from consolidation guidance for reporting entities with interests in legal entities that are required to comply with or operate
in accordance with requirements that are similar to those in Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act of 1940 for registered money
market funds. ASU 2015-02 is effective for public business entities for fiscal years, and for interim periods within those fiscal
years, beginning after December 15, 2015. Early adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim period. If an entity early
adopts the amendments in an interim period, any adjustments should be reflected as of the beginning of the fiscal year that includes
that interim period. A reporting entity may apply the amendments in this Update using a modified retrospective approach by recording
a cumulative-effect adjustment to equity as of the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption. A reporting entity also may apply
the amendments retrospectively. The adoption of ASU 2015-02 on January 1, 2016 did not have a material impact on the Partnership s
financial statements.  

In
April 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-03,  Interest Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30)-Simplifying the Presentation
of Debt Issuance Costs . ASU 2015-03 requires that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented
in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent with debt discounts. Prior
to ASU 2015-03, debt issuance costs have been presented in the balance sheet as a deferred charge, or asset. The recognition and
measurement guidance for debt issuance costs are not affected by the amendments in this ASU. For public business entities, ASU
2015-03 is effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, and interim periods within
those fiscal years. Early adoption of ASU 2015-03 is permitted for financial statements that have not been previously issued.
In addition, ASU 2015-03 requires entities to apply the new guidance on a retrospective basis, wherein the balance sheet of each
individual period presented should be adjusted to reflect the period-specific effects of applying the new guidance. The adoption
of ASU 2015-03 on January 1, 2016 did not have a material impact on the Partnership s financial statements.  

3.
DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS    

Elk
Horn Coal Leasing    

In
August 2016, the Partnership entered into an agreement to sell its Elk Horn coal leasing company ( Elk Horn ) to a
third party for total cash consideration of $12.0 million. The Partnership received $10.5 million in cash consideration upon the
closing of the Elk Horn transaction and the remaining $1.5 million of consideration will be paid in ten equal monthly installments
of $150,000 on the 20 th  of each calendar month beginning on September 20, 2016. Elk Horn is a coal leasing company
located in eastern Kentucky that has provided the Partnership with coal royalty revenues from coal properties owned by Elk Horn
and leased to third-party operators. As of December 31, 2015, Elk Horn controlled approximately 100 million tons of proven and
probable steam coal reserves. During the second quarter of 2016, the Partnership evaluated the Elk Horn assets for potential impairment
based upon the initial purchase price offered by the buyer and the continued deterioration of the Central Appalachia steam coal
markets that had adversely affected Elk Horn s financial results. The Partnership s impairment analysis determined
that a potential impairment existed since the carrying amount of the Elk Horn long-lived asset group exceeded the cash flows that
would be generated from the purchase price offered from the buyer. Based on a market approach used to estimate the fair value
of the Elk Horn long-lived asset group, the Partnership recorded total asset impairment charges of approximately $118.7 million
related to Coal properties as of June 30, 2016. The disposal of the Elk Horn assets and liabilities in August 2016 resulted in
an additional loss of $0.5 million. The total loss of $119.2 million from the Elk Horn disposal is recorded on the Loss on business
disposal line in the Partnership s unaudited condensed consolidated statements of cash flows for the nine months ended September
30, 2016. The total loss on the Elk Horn disposal as well as the previous operating results of Elk Horn have been reclassified
and reported on the (Loss)/gain from discontinued operations line on the Partnership s unaudited condensed consolidated
statements of operations and comprehensive income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. The current
and non-current assets and liabilities previously related to Elk Horn have been reclassified to the appropriate held for sale
categories on the Partnership s unaudited condensed consolidated statements of financial position for the year ended December
31, 2015.  

Utica
Shale Oil and Natural Gas Assets    

Beginning
in 2011, the Partnership and an affiliate of Wexford Capital participated with Gulfport to acquire interests in a portfolio of
oil and natural gas leases in the Utica Shale, which consisted of a 5% interest in a total of approximately 152,300 gross acres,
or approximately 7,615 net acres. In March 2014, the Partnership completed a purchase and sale agreement with Gulfport to sell
the Partnership s oil and natural gas properties in the Utica Shale region. In addition, in January 2014, the Partnership
received approximately $8.4 million of net proceeds from the sale by Blackhawk Midstream LLC ( Blackhawk ) of its
equity interest in two entities, Ohio Gathering Company, LLC and Ohio Condensate Company, LLC, to Summit Midstream Partners, LLC.
As part of the joint operating agreement for the Utica Shale investment discussed above, the Partnership had the right to approximately
5% of the proceeds of the sale by Blackhawk. In February 2015, the Partnership received approximately $0.7 million in additional
proceeds from the sale by Blackhawk that had been held in escrow. For the nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Partnership
recorded the $0.7 million in Income from discontinued operations in the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations
and comprehensive income. The gain from the Blackhawk transaction is included in the (Gain) on sale/disposal of assets net
line in the operating activities section of the Partnership s unaudited condensed consolidated statements of cash flows.
The proceeds from the Blackhawk transaction are included in the Proceeds from sales of property, plant, and equipment line in
the investing activities section of the Partnership s unaudited condensed consolidated statements of cash flows.  

4.
PREPAID EXPENSES AND OTHER CURRENT ASSETS    

Prepaid
expenses and other current assets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 consisted of the following:  

Debt
issuance costs were included in Prepaid expenses and other current assets as of December 31, 2015 since the Partnership classified
its credit facility balance as a current liability prior to the fifth amendment to the credit facility completed in May 2016.
See Note 6 for further information on debt issuance costs and accumulated amortization of debt issuance costs as of September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. See Note 8 for further information on the amendments to the amended and restated senior secured
credit facility.  

The
$2.0 million of restricted cash relates to the Royal contribution made to the Partnership on September 30, 2016 and described
in Note 1. The contribution was completed after the close of business on September 30, 2016 and was restricted to reduce the Partnership s
outstanding balance on its credit facility balance per the fifth amendment to the Partnership s amended and restated credit
agreement described further in Note 8.  

The
$1.4 million note receivable relates to the $1.5 million of consideration to be paid in ten equal monthly installments of $150,000
for the Elk Horn sale discussed earlier. The first installment was paid in September 2016.  

5.
PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT    

Property,
plant and equipment, including coal properties and mine development and construction costs, as of September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015 are summarized by major classification as follows:  

Depreciation
expense for mining and other equipment and related facilities, depletion expense for coal properties and oil and natural gas properties,
amortization expense for mine development costs, amortization expense for intangible assets and amortization expense for asset
retirement costs for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were as follows:  

6.
OTHER NON-CURRENT ASSETS    

Other
non-current assets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 consisted of the following:  

Debt
issuance costs were included in Prepaid expenses and other current assets as of December 31, 2015 since the Partnership classified
its credit facility balance as a current liability prior to the fifth amendment to the credit facility completed in May 2016 and
discussed further below (see Note 4 for Prepaid expenses and other current assets). Debt issuance costs were $13.1 million and
$11.6 million as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. Accumulated amortization of debt issuance costs were
$11.4 million and $9.4 million as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.  

In
April 2015, the Partnership entered into a third amendment of its amended and restated senior secured credit facility that reduced
the borrowing commitment to $100 million. As part of executing the third amendment to the amended and restated senior secured
credit facility, the Operating Company paid a fee of approximately $2.1 million to the lenders in April 2015, which was recorded
as an addition to Debt issuance costs. The Partnership wrote-off approximately $0.2 million of its remaining unamortized debt
issuance costs since the third amendment reduced the borrowing commitment under the amended and restated senior secured credit
facility.  

In
March 2016, the Partnership entered into a fourth amendment of its amended and restated senior secured credit facility that reduced
the borrowing commitment to $80 million. As part of executing the fourth amendment to the amended and restated senior secured
credit facility, the Operating Company paid a fee of approximately $0.4 million to the lenders in March 2016, which was recorded
as an addition to Debt issuance costs. The Partnership wrote-off approximately $0.2 million of its remaining unamortized debt
issuance costs since the fourth amendment reduced the borrowing commitment under the amended and restated senior secured credit
facility.  

In
May 2016, the Partnership entered into a fifth amendment of its amended and restated senior secured credit facility that reduced
the borrowing commitment to $75 million. As part of executing the fifth amendment to the amended and restated senior secured credit
facility, the Operating Company paid a fee of approximately $1.2 million to the lenders in May 2016, which was recorded as an
addition to Debt issuance costs. The Partnership wrote-off approximately $0.1 million of its remaining unamortized debt issuance
costs since the fifth amendment reduced the borrowing commitment under the amended and restated senior secured credit facility.
See Note 8 for further information on the amendments to the amended and restated senior secured credit facility.  

The
non-current receivable balance of $23.9 million as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 consisted of the amount due from
the Partnership s workers  compensation insurance providers for potential claims against the Partnership that are
the primary responsibility of the Partnership, which are covered under the Partnership s insurance policies. The $23.9 million
is also included in the Partnership s accrued workers  compensation benefits liability balance, which is included
in the non-current liabilities section of the Partnership s unaudited condensed consolidated statements of financial position.
The Partnership presents this amount on a gross asset and liability basis since a right of setoff does not exist per the accounting
guidance in ASC Topic 210,  Balance Sheet . This presentation has no impact on the Partnership s results of operations
or cash flows.  

The
Partnership recorded a $2.0 million note receivable from a third party at December 31, 2015 related to the sale of the Partnership s
Deane mining complex in eastern Kentucky. The note accrued interest with initial interest payments due beginning June 2016 and
the final principal due December 31, 2017. The Partnership has not received any of the scheduled interest payments from the third
party as of September 30, 2016 and ongoing discussions with the third party indicated it was more likely than not that the Partnership
would not receive the balance of the note receivable. While the Partnership continues discussions with the third party for collection
of the note receivable, the Partnership recorded a $2.0 million reserve against the note receivable as of September 30, 2016.  

7.
ACCRUED EXPENSES AND OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES    

Accrued
expenses and other current liabilities as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 consisted of the following:  

The
$0.3 million accrued for insured litigation claims as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 consists of probable and estimable
litigation claims that are the primary obligation of the Partnership. The amount accrued for litigation claims is also due from
the Partnership s insurance providers and is included in Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts on
the Partnership s unaudited condensed consolidated statements of financial position. The Partnership presents this amount
on a gross asset and liability basis, as a right of setoff does not exist per the accounting guidance in ASC Topic 210,  Balance
Sheet . This presentation has no impact on the Partnership s results of operations or cash flows.  

8.
DEBT    

Debt
as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 consisted of the following:  

Senior
Secured Credit Facility with PNC Bank, N.A.   On July 29, 2011, the Operating Company and the Partnership, as a guarantor,
executed an amended and restated senior secured credit facility with PNC Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, and a group of lenders,
which are parties thereto. The maximum availability under the amended and restated credit facility was $300.0 million, with a
one-time option to increase the availability by an amount not to exceed $50.0 million. Of the $300.0 million, $75.0 million was
available for letters of credit. As described below, in April 2015, March 2016 and May 2016, the amended and restated credit facility
was amended and the borrowing commitment under the facility was reduced to $75 million, with the amount available for letters
of credit reduced to $30 million. Borrowings under the facility bear interest, which per the March 2016 amendment described further
below, is based upon the current PRIME rate plus an applicable margin of 3.50%. As part of the agreement, the Operating Company
is required to pay a commitment fee on the unused portion of the borrowing availability. Borrowings on the amended and restated
senior secured credit facility are collateralized by all of the unsecured assets of the Partnership. The amended and restated
senior secured credit facility requires the Partnership to maintain certain minimum financial ratios and contains certain restrictive
provisions, including among others, restrictions on making loans, investments and advances, incurring additional indebtedness,
guaranteeing indebtedness, creating liens and selling or assigning stock. The Partnership was in compliance with all covenants
contained in the amended and restated senior secured credit facility as of and for the twelve-month period ended September 30,
2016. Per the May 2016 amendment described further below, the amended and restated senior secured credit facility is set to expire
on July 31, 2017, with the possibility to extend the facility to December 31, 2017 if certain conditions are met as described
below.  

In
April 2015, the Partnership entered into a third amendment of its amended and restated senior secured credit facility. The third
amendment reduced the borrowing commitment under the credit facility to a maximum of $100 million and reduced the amount available
for letters of credit to $50 million. The third amendment also provides that the disposition of any assets by the Partnership
consisting of net cash proceeds up to an aggregate $35 million shall reduce the total commitment under the facility on a dollar-for-dollar
basis by up to a total of $10 million, and any dispositions of assets in excess of $35 million in the aggregate shall reduce the
commitment under the facility on a dollar-for-dollar basis. The third amendment limits the Partnership s quarterly distributions
to a maximum of $0.035 per unit unless (i) the pro forma leverage ratio of the Partnership, immediately prior to and after giving
effect to such distribution, is less than or equal to 3.0 to 1.0 and (ii) the amount of borrowings available under the credit
facility, immediately prior to and after giving effect to such distribution, is at least $20 million. In addition, the third amendment
removed the interest coverage ratio covenant and replaced it with a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio, which consists of the
ratio of consolidated EBITDA minus maintenance capital expenditures to fixed charges. Fixed charges are defined in the third amendment
to include the sum of cash interest expense, scheduled principal installments on indebtedness (as adjusted for prepayments), dividends
and distributions. Commencing with the quarter ended September 30, 2015, the fixed charge coverage ratio for the trailing four
quarters must be a minimum of 1.1 to 1.0. The third amendment also limits any investments made by the Partnership, including investments
in hydrocarbons, to $10 million provided that the leverage ratio is less than or equal to 3.0 to 1.0 and the borrowers 
available liquidity is at least $20 million. The third amendment does not permit the Partnership to issue any new equity of the
Partnership unless the proceeds of such equity issuance are used to reduce the outstanding borrowings under the facility. Issuances
of equity under the Partnership s long-term incentive plan are excluded from this requirement. The third amendment limits
the amount of the Partnership s capital expenditures to $20.0 million for fiscal year 2015 and limits capital expenditures
to $27.5 million for each fiscal year after 2015. However, to the extent that capital expenditures for any fiscal year are less
than indicated above, the Partnership may increase the following year s capital expenditures by the lesser of such unused
amount or $5.0 million. As part of executing the third amendment to the amended and restated senior secured credit facility, the
Operating Company paid a fee of approximately $2.1 million to the lenders in April 2015, which was recorded in Debt issuance costs
in Other non-current assets on the Partnership s unaudited condensed consolidated statements of financial position. In addition,
the Partnership recorded a non-cash charge of approximately $0.2 million to write-off a portion of its unamortized debt issuance
costs since the third amendment reduced the borrowing commitment under the amended and restated senior secured credit facility,
which was recorded in Interest expense on the Partnership s unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations and
comprehensive income.  

In
March 2016, the Partnership entered into a fourth amendment (the  Fourth Amendment ) of its amended and restated senior
secured credit facility. The Fourth Amendment amended the definition of change of control in the amended and restated credit agreement
to permit Royal to purchase the membership interests of the General Partner and set the expiration of the facility to July 29,
2016. The Fourth Amendment reduced the borrowing capacity under the credit facility to a maximum of $80 million and reduced the
amount available for letters of credit to $30 million. The Fourth Amendment eliminated the option to borrow funds utilizing the
LIBOR rate plus an applicable margin and established the borrowing rate for all borrowings under the facility to be based upon
the current PRIME rate plus an applicable margin of 3.50%. The Fourth Amendment eliminated the capability to make Swing Loans
under the facility and eliminated the ability of the Partnership to pay distributions to its common or subordinated unitholders.
The Fourth Amendment altered the maximum leverage ratio, calculated as of the end of the most recent month, on a trailing twelve-month
basis, to 6.75 to 1.00. The leverage ratio shall be reduced by 0.50 to 1.00 for every $10 million of net cash proceeds, in the
aggregate, received by the Partnership after the date of the Fourth Amendment from a liquidity event; provided, however, that
in no event shall the maximum permitted leverage ratio be reduced below 3.00 to 1.00. A liquidity event is defined in the Fourth
Amendment as the issuance of any equity by the Partnership on or after the Fourth Amendment effective date (other than the Royal
equity contribution discussed above), or the disposition of any assets by the Partnership. The Fourth Amendment requires the Partnership
to maintain minimum liquidity of $5 million and minimum EBITDA (as defined in the credit agreement), calculated as of the end
of the most recent month, on a trailing twelve month basis, of $8 million. The Fourth Amendment limits the amount of the Partnership s
capital expenditures to $15 million, calculated as of end of the most recent month, on a trailing twelve-month basis. The Fourth
Amendment requires the Partnership to provide monthly financial statements and a weekly rolling thirteen-week cash flow forecast
to the administrative agent.  

On
May 13, 2016, the Partnership entered into a fifth amendment (the  Fifth Amendment ) of its amended and restated senior
secured credit facility that extends the term of the senior secured credit facility to July 31, 2017. Per the Fifth Amendment,
the credit facility will be automatically extended to December 31, 2017 if revolving credit commitments are reduced to $55 million
or less on or before July 31, 2017. The Fifth Amendment immediately reduces the revolving credit commitments under the credit
facility to a maximum of $75 million and maintains the amount available for letters of credit at $30 million. The Fifth Amendment
further reduces the revolving credit commitments over time on a dollar-for-dollar basis in amounts equal to each of the following:
(i) the face amount of any letter of credit that expires or whose face amount is reduced by any such dollar amount, (ii) the net
proceeds received from any asset sales, (iii) the Royal scheduled capital contributions (as outlined below), (iv) the net proceeds
from the issuance of any equity by the Partnership up to $20.0 million (other than equity issued in exchange for any Royal contribution
as outlined in the Securities Purchase Agreement or the Royal scheduled capital contributions to the Partnership as outlined below)
and (v) the proceeds from the incurrence of any subordinated debt. The first $11 million of proceeds received from any equity
issued by the Partnership described in clause (iv) above shall also satisfy the Royal scheduled capital contributions as outlined
below. The Fifth Amendment requires Royal to contribute $2 million each quarter beginning September 30, 2016 through September
30, 2017 and $1 million on December 1, 2017, for a total of $11 million. The Fifth Amendment further reduces the revolving credit
commitments as follows:  

Date
    of Reduction  
       
      Reduction
    Amount   

September
    30, 2016  
       
      The
    lesser of (i) $2 million or (ii) the positive difference (if any) of $2 million minus the proceeds from the issuance of any
    Partnership equity (excluding any Royal equity contributions)   

December
    31, 2016  
       
      The
    lesser of (i) $2 million or (ii) the positive difference (if any) of $4 million minus the proceeds from the issuance of any
    Partnership equity (excluding any Royal equity contributions)   

March
    31, 2017  
       
      The
    lesser of (i) $2 million or (ii) the positive difference (if any) of $6 million minus the proceeds from the issuance of any
    Partnership equity (excluding any Royal equity contributions)   

June
    30, 2017  
       
      The
    lesser of (i) $2 million or (ii) the positive difference (if any) of $8 million minus the proceeds from the issuance of any
    Partnership equity (excluding any Royal equity contributions)   

September
    30, 2017  
       
      The
    lesser of (i) $2 million or (ii) the positive difference (if any) of $10 million minus the proceeds from the issuance of any
    Partnership equity (excluding any Royal equity contributions)   

December
    1, 2017  
       
      The
    lesser of (i) $1 million or (ii) the positive difference (if any) of $11 million minus the proceeds from the issuance of any
    Partnership equity (excluding any Royal equity contributions)   

The
Fifth Amendment requires that on or before March 31, 2017, the Partnership shall have solicited bids for the potential sale of
certain non-core assets, satisfactory to the administrative agent, and provided the administrative agent, and any other lender
upon its request, with a description of the solicitation process, interested parties and any potential bids. The Fifth Amendment
limits any payments by the Partnership to the General Partner to: (i) the usual and customary payroll and benefits of the Partnership s
management team so long as the Partnership s management team remains employees of the General Partner, (2) the usual and
customary board fees of the General Partner and (3) the usual and customary general and administrative costs and expenses of the
General Partner incurred in connection with the operation of its business in an amount not to exceed $0.3 million per fiscal year.
The Fifth Amendment limits asset sales to a maximum of $5 million unless the Partnership receives consent from the lenders. The
Fifth Amendment alters the maximum leverage ratio, calculated as of the end of the most recent month, on a trailing twelve-month
basis, as follows:  

The
leverage ratios above shall be reduced by 0.50 to 1.00 for every $10 million of aggregate proceeds received by the Partnership
from: (i) the issuance of equity by the Partnership (excluding any Royal capital contributions) and/or (ii) the proceeds received
from the sale of assets, provided that the leverage ratio shall not be reduced below 3.50 to 1.00. The Fifth Amendment removes
the $5.0 million minimum liquidity requirement and requires the Partnership to have any deposit, securities or investment accounts
with a member of the lending group.  

In
July 2016, the Partnership entered into a sixth amendment (the  Sixth Amendment ) of its amended and restated senior
secured credit facility that permitted the sale of Elk Horn that was discussed earlier. The Sixth Amendment reduced the maximum
commitment amount allowed under the credit facility based on the initial cash proceeds of $10.5 million that were received for
the Elk Horn sale. The Sixth Amendment further reduces the maximum commitment amount allowed under the credit facility for the
additional $1.5 million to be received from the Elk Horn sale by $375,000 each quarterly period beginning September 30, 2016 through
June 30, 2017.  

At
September 30, 2016, the Operating Company had borrowings outstanding (excluding letters of credit) of $30.4 million at a variable
interest rate of PRIME plus 3.50% (7.00% at September 30, 2016). In addition, the Operating Company had outstanding letters of
credit of approximately $27.8 million at a fixed interest rate of 5.00% at September 30, 2016. Based upon a maximum borrowing
capacity of 6.50 times a trailing twelve-month EBITDA calculation (as defined in the credit agreement), the Operating Company
had available borrowing capacity of approximately $4.0 million at September 30, 2016.  

Other
Notes Payable   On July 7, 2016, the Partnership executed an agreement with the third party that held the approximately
$2.8 million of other notes payable to settle the debt for $1.1 million of cash consideration. The Partnership paid the $1.1 million
in July 2016 and recognized an approximate $1.7 million gain from the extinguishment of this debt.  

9.
ASSET RETIREMENT OBLIGATIONS    

The
changes in asset retirement obligations for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and the year ended December 31, 2015 are
as follows:  

(1)
      
      The
    ($7.5) million adjustment for the year ended December 31, 2015 relates to the sale of the Partnership s Deane mining
    complex.   

10.
EMPLOYEE BENEFITS    

In
conjunction with the acquisition of the coal operations of American Electric Power on April 16, 2004, the Operating Company acquired
a postretirement benefit plan that provided healthcare to eligible employees at its Hopedale operations. The Partnership has no
other postretirement plans.  

On
December 10, 2015, the Partnership notified the employees at its Hopedale operations that healthcare benefits from the postretirement
benefit plan would cease on January 31, 2016. The negative plan amendment that arose on December 10, 2015 resulted in an approximate
$6.5 million prior service cost benefit. The Partnership amortized the prior service cost benefit over the remaining term of the
benefits provided through January 31, 2016. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Partnership recognized a benefit
of approximately $3.9 million from the plan amendment in the Cost of operations line of the unaudited condensed consolidated statements
of operations and comprehensive income.  

Net
periodic benefit cost for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are as follows:  

For
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, net periodic benefit costs, including the amortization of actuarial
gain included in the table above, are included in Cost of operations in the Partnership s unaudited condensed consolidated
statements of operations and comprehensive income.  

401(k)
Plans   The Operating Company and certain subsidiaries sponsor defined contribution savings plans for all employees.
Under one defined contribution savings plan, the Operating Company matches voluntary contributions of participants up to a maximum
contribution based upon a percentage of a participant s salary with an additional matching contribution possible at the
Operating Company s discretion. The expense under these plans for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015 is included in Cost of operations and Selling, general and administrative expense in the Partnership s unaudited condensed
consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income and was as follows:  

11.
EQUITY-BASED COMPENSATION    

In
October 2010, the General Partner established the Rhino Long-Term Incentive Plan (the  Plan  or  LTIP ).
The Plan is intended to promote the interests of the Partnership by providing to employees, consultants and directors of the General
Partner, the Partnership or affiliates of either incentive compensation awards to encourage superior performance. The LTIP provides
for grants of restricted units, unit options, unit appreciation rights, phantom units, unit awards, and other unit-based awards.  

As
of September 30, 2016, the General Partner had granted phantom units to certain employees and restricted units and unit awards
to its directors. These grants consisted of annual restricted unit awards to directors and phantom unit awards with tandem distribution
equivalent rights ( DERs ) granted in the first quarters from 2012 through 2015 to certain employees in connection
with the prior year s performance. The DERs consist of rights to accrue quarterly cash distributions in an amount equal
to the cash distribution the Partnership makes to unitholders during the vesting period. These awards are subject to service based
vesting conditions and any accrued distributions will be forfeited if the related awards fail to vest according to the relevant
service based vesting conditions.  

The
Partnership accounts for its unit-based awards as liabilities with applicable mark-to-market adjustments at each reporting period
because the Compensation Committee of the board of directors of the General Partner has historically elected to pay some of the
awards in cash in lieu of issuing common units.  

As
discussed in Note 1, on March 17, 2016, Royal completed the acquisition of all of the issued and outstanding membership interests
of Rhino GP LLC as well as 9,455,252 issued and outstanding subordinated units from Wexford Capital. Royal obtained control of,
and a majority limited partner interest, in the Partnership with the completion of this transaction, which constituted a change
in control of the Partnership. The language in the Partnership s phantom unit and restricted unit grant agreements states
that all outstanding, unvested units will become immediately vested upon a change in control. The Partnership recognized approximately
$10,000 of expense from the vesting of these units as a result of the change in control.  

During
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the General Partner granted fully vested common units to its board of directors as well
as certain members of management. The Partnership recognized approximately $0.6 million of expense for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 in relation to the common units granted.  

12.
COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES    

Coal
Sales Contracts and Contingencies   As of September 30, 2016, the Partnership had commitments under sales contracts
to deliver annually scheduled base quantities of coal as follows:  

Some
of the contracts have sales price adjustment provisions, subject to certain limitations and adjustments, based on a variety of
factors and indices.  

Leases   The
Partnership leases various mining, transportation and other equipment under operating leases. The Partnership also leases coal
reserves under agreements that call for royalties to be paid as the coal is mined. Lease and royalty expense for the three and
nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are included in Cost of operations in the Partnership s unaudited condensed
consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income and was as follows:  

Joint
Ventures   The Partnership may contribute additional capital to the Timber Wolf joint venture that was formed in the
first quarter of 2012. The Partnership did not make any capital contributions to the Timber Wolf joint venture during the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 or 2015.  

The
Partnership may contribute additional capital to the Sturgeon joint venture that was formed in the third quarter of 2014. The
Partnership made an initial capital contribution of $5.0 million during the third quarter ended September 30, 2014 based upon
its proportionate ownership interest. The Partnership did not make any capital contributions to the Sturgeon joint venture during
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 or 2015.  

13.
EARNINGS PER UNIT ( EPU )    

On
April 18, 2016, the Partnership completed a 1-for-10 reverse split on its common units and subordinated units. The following tables
present a reconciliation of the numerators and denominators of the basic and diluted EPU calculations for the periods ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, which include the retrospective application of the 1-for-10 reverse unit split:  

Three months ended September 30, 2016    
     General 
    Partner       
     Common 
    Unitholders       
     Subordinated 
    Unitholders     

(in thousands, except per unit data)     
 
     Numerator:    

Interest in net (loss):    

Net (loss) from continuing operations    
     $  (21  )    
     $  (2,758  )    
     $  (431  )  
 
     Net income from discontinued operations    
        (4  )    
        (494  )    
        (77  )  
 
     Total interest in net (loss)    
     $  (25  )    
     $  (3,252  )    
     $  (508  )  
 
     Impact of subordinated distribution suspension:    

Net income/(loss) from continuing operations    
     $  -       
     $  -       
     $  -     
 
     Net income from discontinued operations    
        -       
        -       
        -     
 
     Interest in net income    
     $  -       
     $  -       
     $  -     
 
     Interest in net (loss) for EPU purposes:    

Net (loss) from continuing operations    
     $  (21  )    
     $  (2,758  )    
     $  (431  )  
 
     Net income from discontinued operations    
        (4  )    
        (494  )    
        (77  )  
 
     Interest in net (loss)    
     $  (25  )    
     $  (3,252  )    
     $  (508  )  
 
     Denominator:    

Weighted average units used to compute basic EPU    
         n/a        
        7,906       
        1,236     
 
     Effect of dilutive securities   LTIP awards:    

Dilutive securities for net (loss) from continuing operations    
         n/a        
        -       
        -     
 
     Dilutive securities for net income from discontinued
    operations    
         n/a        
        -       
        -     
 
     Total dilutive securities    
         n/a        
        -       
        -     
 
     Weighted average units used to compute diluted EPU    
         n/a        
        7,906       
        1,236     

Net (loss)/income per limited partner unit, basic    

Net (loss) per unit from continuing operations    
         n/a        
     $  (0.35  )    
     $  (0.35  )  
 
     Net income per unit from discontinued operations    
         n/a        
        (0.06  )    
        (0.06  )  
 
     Net (loss) per common unit, basic    
         n/a        
     $  (0.41  )    
     $  (0.41  )  
 
     Net (loss)/income per limited partner unit, diluted    

Net (loss) per unit from continuing operations    
         n/a        
     $  (0.35  )    
     $  (0.35  )  
 
     Net income per unit from discontinued operations    
         n/a        
        (0.06  )    
        (0.06  )  
 
     Net (loss) per common unit, diluted    
         n/a        
     $  (0.41  )    
     $  (0.41  )  

Diluted
EPU gives effect to all dilutive potential common units outstanding during the period using the treasury stock method. Diluted
EPU excludes all dilutive potential units calculated under the treasury stock method if their effect is anti-dilutive. Since the
Partnership incurred total net losses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, all potential dilutive
units were excluded from the diluted EPU calculation for these periods.  

14.
MAJOR CUSTOMERS    

The
Partnership had revenues or receivables from the following major customers that in each period equaled or exceeded 10% of revenues
(Note: customers with  n/a  had revenue below the 10% threshold in any period where this is indicated):  

15.
FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS    

The
book values of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable and accounts payable are considered to be representative of their
respective fair values because of the immediate short-term maturity of these financial instruments. The fair value of the Partnership s
amended and restated senior secured credit facility was based upon a Level 2 measurement utilizing a market approach, which incorporated
market-based interest rate information with credit risks similar to the Partnership. The fair value of the Partnership s
amended and restated senior secured credit facility approximates the carrying value at September 30, 2016.  

For
the year ended December 31, 2015, the Partnership had nonrecurring fair value measurements related to its asset impairment actions.
The nonrecurring fair value measurements for the asset impairments for the year ended December 31, 2015 were Level 3 measurements.  

16.
SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION    

The
unaudited condensed consolidated statements of cash flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 excludes approximately
$0.2 million and $0.1 million, respectively, of property additions, which are recorded in accounts payable.  

In
January 2015, the Partnership dissolved the Rhino Eastern joint venture with Patriot. As part of the dissolution, the Partnership
retained coal reserves, a prepaid advanced royalty balance and other assets and liabilities. In addition, the Partnership and
Patriot agreed to a dissolution payment as part of the dissolution based upon a final working capital adjustment calculation,
which is a liability of the Partnership. The Partnership recorded the dissolution of the joint venture by removing the investment
in the Rhino Eastern unconsolidated subsidiary and recording the specific assets and liabilities retained in the dissolution.
The dissolution of the Rhino Eastern joint venture completed in January 2015 had no impact on the Partnership s unconsolidated
statements of operations and comprehensive income for the three and six months ended September 30, 2015. The unaudited condensed
consolidated statement of cash flows for the six months ended September 30, 2015 excludes the removal of the investment in the
unconsolidated subsidiary and the recognition of the retained assets and liabilities, which are detailed in the table below.  

17.
SEGMENT INFORMATION    

The
Partnership produces and markets coal from surface and underground mines in Kentucky, West Virginia, Ohio and Utah. The Partnership
sells primarily to electric utilities in the United States. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Partnership
had four reportable segments: Central Appalachia (comprised of both surface and underground mines located in Eastern Kentucky
and Southern West Virginia), Northern Appalachia (comprised of both surface and underground mines located in Ohio), Rhino Western
(comprised of an underground mine in Utah) and Illinois Basin (comprised of an underground mine in western Kentucky).  

The
Partnership s Other category is comprised of the Partnership s ancillary businesses and its remaining oil and natural
gas activities. The Partnership has not provided disclosure of total expenditures by segment for long-lived assets, as the Partnership
does not maintain discrete financial information concerning segment expenditures for long lived-assets, and accordingly such information
is not provided to the Partnership s chief operating decision maker. The information provided in the following tables represents
the primary measures used to assess segment performance by the Partnership s chief operating decision maker.  

Reportable
segment results of operations for the three months ended September 30, 2016 are as follows (Note:  DD A  refers
to depreciation, depletion and amortization):  

Reportable
segment results of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 are as follows:  

Reportable
segment results of operations for the three months ended September 30, 2015 are as follows:  

Reportable
segment results of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 are as follows:  

18.
SUBSEQUENT EVENTS    

For
the quarter ended September 30, 2016, the Partnership continued the suspension of the cash distribution for its common units,
which was initially suspended for the quarter ended June 30, 2015. No distribution will be paid for common or subordinated units
for the quarter ended September 30, 2016. The Partnership s common units accrue arrearages every quarter when the distribution
level is below the minimum level of $0.445 per unit, as outlined in the Partnership s limited partnership agreement. The
Partnership initially lowered its quarterly common unit distribution below the minimum level of $0.445 per unit with the quarter
ended September 30, 2014. Thus, the Partnership s distributions for each of the quarters ended September 30, 2014 through
the quarter ended September 30, 2016 were below the minimum level and the current amount of accumulated arrearages as of September
30, 2016 related to the common unit distribution was approximately $149.7 million.  

In
October 2016, the Partnership contributed its limited partner interests in Mammoth to Mammoth Energy Services, Inc. ( Mammoth
Inc. ) in exchange for 234,300 shares of common stock of Mammoth Inc. The common stock of Mammoth Inc. began trading on
the NASDAQ Global Select Market in October 2016 under the ticker symbol TUSK and the Partnership sold 1,953 shares during the
initial public offering of Mammoth Inc. and received proceeds of approximately $27,000. The Partnership s remaining shares
of Mammoth Inc. are subject to a 180 day lock-up period from the date of Mammoth Inc. s initial public offering.  

Item
2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   

Unless
the context clearly indicates otherwise, references in this report to  we,   our,   us  or
similar terms refer to Rhino Resource Partners LP and its subsidiaries. References to our  general partner  refer
to Rhino GP LLC, the general partner of Rhino Resource Partners LP. The following discussion of the historical financial condition
and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the historical audited consolidated financial statements and accompanying
notes included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and the section  Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  included in such Annual Report on Form 10-K.   

In
addition, this discussion includes forward looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties that may result in actual
results differing from statements we make. Please read the section  Cautionary Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements .
In addition, factors that could cause actual results to differ include those risks and uncertainties discussed in Part I, Item
1A.  Risk Factors  also included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and in Part
II, Item 1A,  Risk Factors  in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.   

Overview

We
are a diversified energy limited partnership formed in Delaware that is focused on coal and energy related assets and activities,
including energy infrastructure investments. We produce, process and sell high quality coal of various steam and metallurgical
grades. We market our steam coal primarily to electric utility companies as fuel for their steam powered generators. Customers
for our metallurgical coal are primarily steel and coke producers who use our coal to produce coke, which is used as a raw material
in the steel manufacturing process. In addition, we have expanded our business to include infrastructure support services, as
well as other joint venture investments to provide for the transportation of hydrocarbons and drilling support services in the
Utica Shale region. We have also invested in joint ventures that provide sand for fracking operations to drillers in the Utica
Shale region and other oil and natural gas basins in the United States.  

We
have a geographically diverse asset base with coal reserves located in Central Appalachia, Northern Appalachia, the Illinois Basin
and the Western Bituminous region. As of December 31, 2015, we controlled an estimated 363.6 million tons of proven and probable
coal reserves, consisting of an estimated 310.1 million tons of steam coal and an estimated 53.5 million tons of metallurgical
coal. In addition, as of December 31, 2015, we controlled an estimated 436.8 million tons of non-reserve coal deposits. In August
2016, we sold our Elk Horn coal leasing business, as described further below, which controlled, as of December 31, 2015, an estimated
100.1 million tons of proven and probable coal reserves and an estimated 197.5 million tons of non-reserve coal deposits.  

We
operate underground and surface mines located in Kentucky, Ohio, West Virginia and Utah. The number of mines that we operate may
vary from time to time depending on a number of factors, including the demand for and price of coal, depletion of economically
recoverable reserves and availability of experienced labor.  

Our
principal business strategy is to safely, efficiently and profitably produce and sell both steam and metallurgical coal from our
diverse asset base in order to resume, and, over time, increase our quarterly cash distributions. In addition, we intend to continue
to expand and potentially diversify our operations through strategic acquisitions, including the acquisition of long-term, cash
generating natural resource assets. We believe that such assets will allow us to grow our cash available for distribution and
enhance stability of our cash flow.  

For
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, we generated revenues of approximately $43.4 million and $124.4 million, respectively,
and we generated net losses of approximately $3.2 million and $9.0 million, respectively. For the three months ended September
30, 2016, we produced and sold approximately 0.8 million tons of coal, of which approximately 93% were sold pursuant to supply
contracts. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we produced and sold approximately 2.4 million tons of coal, of which
approximately 88% were sold pursuant to supply contracts.  

Current
Liquidity and Outlook   

As
of September 30, 2016, our available liquidity was $4.0 million, which consisted of the amount available under our amended and
restated credit agreement dated July 29, 2011 (as amended and restated, the  Amended and Restated Credit Agreement ).
On May 13, 2016, we entered into a fifth amendment of the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the  Fifth Amendment ),
which extends the term of the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement to July 31, 2017 (see   Liquidity and Capital
Resources Amended and Restated Credit Agreement  for further details of the Fifth Amendment).  

Prior
to our entry into the Fifth Amendment, we were unable to demonstrate that we had sufficient liquidity to operate our business
over the subsequent twelve months and thus, substantial doubt was raised about our ability to continue as a going concern. Accordingly,
our independent registered public accounting firm included an emphasis paragraph with respect to our ability to continue as a
going concern in its report on our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2015. The presence of the
going concern emphasis paragraph in our auditors  report may have an adverse impact on our relationship with third parties
with whom we do business, including our customers, vendors, lenders and employees, making it difficult to raise additional debt
or equity financing to the extent needed and conduct normal operations. As a result, our business, results of operations, financial
condition and prospects could be materially adversely affected.  

Given
the continued weak demand and low prices for met and steam coal, we may not be able to continue to give the required representations
or meet all of the covenants and restrictions included in our credit agreement. If we violate any of the covenants or restrictions
in our Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, including the maximum leverage ratio and minimum EBITDA requirements, some or all
of our indebtedness may become immediately due and payable, and our lenders  commitment to make further loans to us may
terminate. If we are unable to give a required representation or we violate a covenant or restriction, then we will need a waiver
from our lenders in order to continue to borrow under our Amended and Restated Credit Agreement. Although we believe our lenders
loans are well secured under the terms of our Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, there is no assurance that the lenders would
agree to any such waiver. Failure to obtain financing or to generate sufficient cash flow from operations could cause us to further
curtail our operations and reduce our spending and to alter our business plan. We may also be required to consider other options,
such as selling additional assets or merger opportunities, and depending on the urgency of our liquidity constraints, we may be
required to pursue such an option at an inopportune time. If we are not able to fund our liquidity requirements for the next twelve
months, we may not be able to continue as a going concern. For more information about our liquidity and our credit facility, please
read   Liquidity and Capital Resources.   

We
continue to take measures, including the suspension of cash distributions on our common and subordinated units and cost and productivity
improvements to enhance and preserve our liquidity so that we can fund our ongoing operations and necessary capital expenditures
and meet our financial commitments and debt service obligations.  

Recent
Developments   

Yorktown
Transaction    

On
September 30, 2016, we entered into an equity exchange agreement (the  Agreement ) with Royal, Rhino Resource Partners
Holdings, LLC ( Rhino Holdings ), an entity wholly-owned by certain investment partnerships managed by Yorktown Partners
LLC ( Yorktown ) and our general partner. Investment partnerships managed by Yorktown own substantially all of the
outstanding common stock of Armstrong Energy, Inc. ( Armstrong Energy ), a coal producing company with mines located
in the Illinois Basin in western Kentucky. The Agreement contemplates that prior to closing, Yorktown will contribute its shares
of common stock of Armstrong Energy to Rhino Holdings. At the closing, Rhino Holdings will contribute those shares to us in exchange
for 10 million newly issued of our common units. The Agreement also contemplates that our general partner, currently owned and
controlled by Royal, will issue a 50% ownership inherent in it to Rhino Holdings in connection with the issuance of our common
units for the common stock of Armstrong Energy. Closing of the Agreement is conditioned upon (i) the current bondholders of Armstrong
Energy agreeing to restructure their bonds and (ii) the refinancing of our Amended and Restated Credit Agreement with funds from
an equity investment into us to be arranged by Rhino Holdings. The Agreement is also subject to other standard closing conditions
and required approvals. The Agreement contains customary covenants, representations and warranties and indemnification obligations
for breaches of, or the inaccuracy of representations or warranties or breaches of covenants contained in, the Agreement and associated
agreements. We also agreed to enter into a registration rights agreement with Rhino Holdings that provides Rhino Holdings with
the right to demand two shelf registration statements and registration statements on Form S-1, as well as piggyback registration
rights. The Agreement may be terminated by the mutual written consent of us and Rhino Holdings or by either us or Rhino Holdings
if: (i) the closing has not occurred on or before December 31, 2016 (unless the closing is as a result of such terminating party s
inability or failure to satisfy the conditions to the closing or if the non-terminating party has filed an action seeking specific
performance); (ii) a law or order issued by a governmental authority prevents the closing from occurring (unless such law or order
resulted from such party s failure to perform its obligations under the Agreement); (iii) the board of directors of our
general partner fails to approve the transactions or transaction documents contemplated by the Agreement; or (iv) the lenders
of our credit facility fail to approve the transactions and transaction documents contemplated by the Agreement. The parties anticipate
the Agreement will be consummated on or before December 31, 2016.  

Elk
Horn Coal Leasing Disposition    

In
August 2016, we entered into an agreement to sell our Elk Horn coal leasing company to a third party for total cash consideration
of $12.0 million. We received $10.5 million in cash consideration upon the closing of the Elk Horn transaction and the remaining
$1.5 million of consideration will be paid in ten equal monthly installments of $150,000 on the 20th of each calendar month beginning
on September 20, 2016. Elk Horn is a coal leasing company located in eastern Kentucky that has provided us with coal royalty revenues
from coal properties owned by Elk Horn and leased to third-party operators. As of December 31, 2015, Elk Horn controlled approximately
100 million tons of proven and probable steam coal reserves. During the second quarter of 2016, we evaluated the Elk Horn assets
for potential impairment based upon the initial purchase price offered by the buyer and the continued deterioration of the Central
Appalachia steam coal markets that had adversely affected Elk Horn s financial results. Our impairment analysis determined
that a potential impairment existed since the carrying amount of the Elk Horn long-lived asset group exceeded the cash flows that
would be generated from the purchase price offered from the buyer. Based on a market approach used to estimate the fair value
of the Elk Horn long-lived asset group, we recorded total asset impairment charges of approximately $118.7 million related to
Coal properties as of June 30, 2016. The disposal of the Elk Horn assets and liabilities in August 2016 resulted in an additional
loss of $0.5 million. The total loss of $119.2 million from the Elk Horn disposal is recorded as discontinued operations along
with the previous operating results of Elk Horn that have been reclassified for the three and nine months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015.  

Sale
of our General Partner by Wexford Capital LP    

On
January 21, 2016, a definitive agreement was completed between Royal Energy Resources, Inc. ( Royal ) and Wexford
Capital LP ( Wexford ) where Royal acquired 6,769,112 of our issued and outstanding common units from Wexford. The
definitive agreement also included the committed acquisition by Royal within 60 days from the date of the definitive agreement,
or March 21, 2016, of all of the issued and outstanding membership interests of Rhino GP LLC, our general partner, as well as
9,455,252 of our issued and outstanding subordinated units from Wexford. Royal is a publicly traded company listed on the OTC
market (OTCQB: ROYE) and is focused on the acquisition of coal, natural gas and renewable energy assets that are profitable at
current distressed prices.  

On
March 17, 2016, Royal completed the acquisition of all of the issued and outstanding membership interests of our general partner
as well as the 9,455,252 issued and outstanding subordinated units from Wexford. Royal obtained control of, and a majority limited
partner interest, in us with the completion of this transaction. Immediately subsequent to the consummation of the transaction,
the following members of the board of directors of our general partner tendered their resignations effective immediately: Mark
Zand, Philip Braunstein, Ken Rubin, Arthur Amron, Douglas Lambert and Mark Plaumann. As the owner of our general partner, Royal
has the right to appoint the members of the board of directors of our general partner and so appointed new directors to fill the
vacancies resulting from the resignations, which included the following: William Tuorto, Ronald Phillips, Michael Thompson, Douglas
Holsted, Brian Hughs and David Hanig.  

Private
Placement of Common Units to Royal    

On
March 21, 2016, we and Royal entered into a securities purchase agreement (the  Securities Purchase Agreement ) pursuant
to which we issued 60,000,000 of our common units to Royal in a private placement at $0.15 per common unit for an aggregate purchase
price of $9.0 million. Royal paid us $2.0 million in cash and delivered a promissory note payable to us in the amount of $7.0
million. The promissory note is payable in three installments: (i) $3.0 million on July 31, 2016; (ii) $2.0 million on or before
September 30, 2016 and (iii) $2.0 million on or before December 31, 2016. In the event the disinterested members of the board
of directors of our general partner determine that we do not need the capital that would be provided by either or both installments
set forth in (ii) and (iii) above, in each case, we have the option to rescind Royal s purchase of 13,333,333 common units
and the applicable installment will not be payable (each, a  Rescission Right ). If we fail to exercise a Rescission
Right, in each case, we have the option to repurchase 13,333,333 of our common units at $0.30 per common unit from Royal (each,
a  Repurchase Option ). The Repurchase Options terminate on December 31, 2017. Royal s obligation to pay any
installment of the promissory note is subject to certain conditions, including that we have entered into an agreement to extend
the amended and restated credit agreement to a date no sooner than December 31, 2017. In the event such conditions are not satisfied
as of the date each installment is due, Royal has the right to cancel the remaining unpaid balance of the promissory note in exchange
for the surrender of such number of common units equal to the principal balance of the promissory note divided by $0.15. On May
13, 2016 and September 30, 2016, Royal paid us $3.0 million and $2.0 million, respectively, of the promissory note installments
that were due July 31, 2016 and September 30, 2016, respectively. The payments were made in relation to the fifth amendment of
the amended and restated credit agreement completed on May 13, 2016, which is discussed further below.  

Fourth,
Fifth and Sixth Amendments to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement    

On
March 17, 2016, our operating company, as borrower, and we and certain of our subsidiaries, as guarantors, entered into an amendment
(the  Fourth Amendment ) of our Amended and Restated Credit Agreement. The Fourth Amendment amended the definition
of change of control in our Amended and Restated Credit Agreement to permit Royal to purchase the membership interests of our
general partner.  

On
May 13, 2016, we entered into the Fifth Amendment of the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, which extended the term to July
31, 2017.  

In
July 2016, we entered into a sixth amendment (the  Sixth Amendment ) of our amended and restated senior secured credit
facility that permitted the sale of Elk Horn that was discussed earlier. (see   Liquidity and Capital Resources Amended
and Restated Credit Agreement  for further details of the Fourth, Fifth and Sixth Amendments).  

Suspension
and Delisting of Common Units from the New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE )    

As
previously disclosed, on December 17, 2015, the NYSE notified us that that the NYSE had determined to commence proceedings to
delist our common units from the NYSE as a result of our failure to comply with the continued listing standard set forth in Section
802.01B of the NYSE Listed Company Manual to maintain an average global market capitalization over a consecutive 30 trading-day
period of at least $15 million for our common units. The NYSE also suspended the trading of our common units at the close of trading
on December 17, 2015.  

On
January 4, 2016, we filed an appeal with the NYSE to review the suspension and delisting determination of our common units. The
NYSE held a hearing regarding our appeal on April 20, 2016 and affirmed its prior decision to delist our common units.  

On
April 27, 2016, the NYSE filed with the SEC a notification of removal from listing and registration on Form 25 to delist our common
units and terminate the registration of our common units under Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The delisting
became effective on May 9, 2016. The Partnership s common units trade on the OTCQB Marketplace under the ticker symbol  RHNO.   

We
are exploring the possibility of listing our common units on the NASDAQ Stock Market ( NASDAQ ), pending our capability
to meet the NASDAQ initial listing standards.  

Reverse
Unit Split    

On
April 18, 2016, we completed a 1-for-10 reverse split on our common units and subordinated units. Pursuant to the reverse split,
common unitholders received one common unit for every 10 common units owned on April 18, 2016 and subordinated unitholders received
one subordinated unit for every 10 subordinated units owned on April 18, 2016. Any fractional units resulting from the reverse
unit split were rounded to the nearest whole unit. The reverse unit split was intended to increase the market price per unit of
our common units in order to comply with the NYSE s continued listing standards.  

Distribution
Suspension    

Beginning
with the quarter ended June 30, 2015 and continuing through the current quarter ended September 30, 2016, we have suspended the
cash distribution for our common units. For the quarters ended September 30, 2014 and December 31, 2014, we announced cash distributions
of $0.05 per common unit, or $0.20 per unit on an annualized basis, and for the quarter ended March 31, 2015, we announced cash
distributions of $0.02 per common unit, or $0.08 per unit on an annualized basis. Each of these quarters  distribution levels
were lower than the historical quarters  distribution amounts of $0.445 per common unit, or $1.78 per unit on an annualized
basis. The distribution suspension and prior reductions were the result of prolonged weakness in the coal markets, which has continued
to adversely affect our cash flow.  

Our
common units accrue arrearages every quarter when the distribution level is below the minimum level of $0.445 per unit, as outlined
in our limited partnership agreement. Since our distributions for the quarters ended September 30, 2014, December 31, 2014 and
March 31, 2015 were below the minimum level and we suspended the distribution for the quarters ended June 30, 2015 through September
30, 2016, we have accumulated arrearages at September 30, 2016 related to the common unit distribution of approximately $149.7
million.  

Deane
Mining Complex     

On
October 30, 2015, we executed a binding letter of intent with a third party for the purchase of our Deane mining complex. The
sale of the Deane mining complex was completed on December 30, 2015. Our Deane mining complex is located in eastern Kentucky and
includes one underground mine. The infrastructure at the Deane mining complex consists of a preparation plant and a unit train
loadout facility. We evaluated the appropriate held for sale accounting criteria to determine if the Deane mining complex should
be classified as held for sale as of September 30, 2015. Based on this evaluation, we determined the Deane mining complex met
the held for sale criteria at September 30, 2015 and, accordingly, the Deane mining complex asset group was written down to its
estimated fair value of $2.0 million. Due to the determination that the Deane mining complex met the held for sale criteria, we
recorded an impairment charge of approximately $2.3 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015. The sale of
the Deane complex in December 2015 transferred the underground mine, related equipment, the preparation plant and loadout facility
in exchange for $2.0 million in the form of a promissory note receivable from the third party. The note accrued interest with
initial interest payments due beginning June 2016 and the final principal due December 31, 2017. We had not received any of the
scheduled interest payments from the third party as of September 30, 2016 and ongoing discussions with the third party indicated
it was more likely than not that we would not receive the balance of the note receivable. While we continue discussions with the
third party for collection of the note receivable, we recorded a $2.0 million reserve against the note receivable as of September
30, 2016.  

Cana
Woodford    

We
had an oil and natural gas investment of approximately 1,900 net mineral acres in the Cana Woodford region of western Oklahoma.
During the second quarter of 2015, we received unsolicited offers from third parties to purchase this oil and natural gas investment.
We evaluated these offers in contemplation of a potential sale of these mineral rights. Due to the receipt of these offers and
our potential sale of these mineral rights, we evaluated the appropriate held for sale accounting criteria to determine if the
Cana Woodford mineral rights should be classified as held for sale as of June 30, 2015. Based on this evaluation, we determined
these mineral rights met the held for sale criteria at June 30, 2015 and, accordingly, these mineral rights were written down
to their estimated fair value. Due to the determination that the mineral rights met the held for sale criteria, we recorded an
impairment charge of approximately $2.2 million for the Cana Woodford mineral rights during the nine months ended September 30,
2015.  

Factors
That Impact Our Business    

Our
results of operations in the near term could be impacted by a number of factors, including (1) our ability to fund our ongoing
operations and necessary capital expenditures, (2) the availability of transportation for coal shipments, (3) poor mining conditions
resulting from geological conditions or the effects of prior mining, (4) equipment problems at mining locations, (5) adverse weather
conditions and natural disasters or (6) the availability and costs of key supplies and commodities such as steel, diesel fuel
and explosives.  

On
a long-term basis, our results of operations could be impacted by, among other factors, (1) our ability to fund our ongoing operations
and necessary capital expenditures, (2) changes in governmental regulation, (3) the availability and prices of competing electricity-generation
fuels, (4) the world-wide demand for steel, which utilizes metallurgical coal and can affect the demand and prices of metallurgical
coal that we produce, (5) our ability to secure or acquire high-quality coal reserves and (6) our ability to find buyers for coal
under favorable supply contracts.  

We
have historically sold a majority of our coal through supply contracts and anticipate that we will continue to do so. As of September
30, 2016, we had commitments under sales contracts to deliver annually scheduled base quantities of coal as follows:  

Some
of the contracts have sales price adjustment provisions, subject to certain limitations and adjustments, based on a variety of
factors and indices.  

Results
of Operations    

Segment
Information     

As
of September 30, 2016, we have four reportable business segments: Central Appalachia, Northern Appalachia, Rhino Western and Illinois
Basin. Additionally, we have an Other category that includes our ancillary businesses and our remaining oil and natural gas activities.
Our Central Appalachia segment consists of two mining complexes: Tug River and Rob Fork, which, as of September 30, 2016, together
included one underground mine, three surface mines and three preparation plants and loadout facilities in eastern Kentucky and
southern West Virginia. We idled a majority of operations beginning in the third quarter of 2015 to reduce excess coal inventory.
We have resumed mining operations at all of our Central Appalachia operations during the three months ended September 30, 2016.
Our Northern Appalachia segment consists of the Hopedale mining complex, the Sands Hill mining complex, and the Leesville field.
The Hopedale mining complex, located in northern Ohio, included one underground mine and one preparation plant and loadout facility
as of September 30, 2016. Our Sands Hill mining complex, located in southern Ohio, included two surface mines, a preparation plant
and a river terminal as of September 30, 2016. Our Rhino Western segment includes our underground mine in the Western Bituminous
region at our Castle Valley mining complex in Utah. Our Illinois Basin segment includes one underground mine, preparation plant
and river loadout facility at our Pennyrile mining complex located in western Kentucky, as well as our Taylorville field reserves
located in central Illinois.  

Evaluating
Our Results of Operations     

Our
management uses a variety of financial measurements to analyze our performance, including (1) Adjusted EBITDA, (2) coal revenues
per ton and (3) cost of operations per ton.  

Adjusted
EBITDA.   The discussion of our results of operations below includes references to, and analysis of, our segments 
Adjusted EBITDA results. Adjusted EBITDA represents net income before deducting interest expense, income taxes and depreciation,
depletion and amortization, while also excluding certain non-cash and/or non-recurring items. Adjusted EBITDA is used by management
primarily as a measure of our segments  operating performance. Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered an alternative to
net income, income from operations, cash flows from operating activities or any other measure of financial performance or liquidity
presented in accordance with GAAP. Because not all companies calculate Adjusted EBITDA identically, our calculation may not be
comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies. Please read   Reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to Net
Income by Segment  for reconciliations of Adjusted EBITDA to net income by segment for each of the periods indicated.  

Coal
Revenues Per Ton   .  Coal revenues per ton represents coal revenues divided by tons of coal sold. Coal revenues per
ton is a key indicator of our effectiveness in obtaining favorable prices for our product.  

Cost
of Operations Per Ton   .  Cost of operations per ton sold represents the cost of operations (exclusive of depreciation,
depletion and amortization) divided by tons of coal sold. Management uses this measurement as a key indicator of the efficiency
of operations.  

Summary

The
following table sets forth certain information regarding our revenues, operating expenses, other income and expenses, and operational
data for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:  

Three
Months Ended September 30, 2016 Compared to Three Months Ended September 30, 2015     

Summary.
  For the three months ended September 30, 2016, our total revenues decreased to $43.4 million from $51.9 million for the
three months ended September 30, 2015, which is a 16.3% decrease. We sold approximately 0.8 million tons of coal for the three
months ended September 30, 2016, which is a 12.9% decrease compared to the tons of coal sold for the three months ended September
30, 2015. The decrease in revenue and tons sold was primarily the result of continued weak demand and low prices in the met and
steam coal markets, particularly in Central Appalachia, partially offset by increased sales from our Pennyrile operation in the
Illinois Basin. We believe the weak demand in the steam coal markets was primarily driven by a continued over-supply of low-priced
natural gas, which electric utilities utilize as a source of electricity generation in lieu of steam coal. We believe the weak
demand in the met coal markets was primarily driven by a decrease in worldwide steel production due to ongoing global economic
weakness, particularly in China. While coal prices have increased recently, particularly met coal prices, we do not anticipate
the recent price increase will benefit our financial results until 2017.  

Net
loss from continuing operations improved for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the three months ended September
30, 2015. We generated a net loss from continuing operations of approximately $3.2 million for the three months ended September
30, 2016 compared to a net loss from continuing operations of approximately $10.4 million for the three months ended September
30, 2015. For the three months ended September 30, 2016, our total net loss from continuing operations was impacted by a charge
of $2.0 million related to the reserve taken against the note receivable from our Deane mining complex sale discussed earlier.
For the three months ended September 30, 2015, our total net loss from continuing operations was impacted by an asset impairment
charge of $2.3 million related to our Deane mining complex discussed earlier.  

Adjusted
EBITDA from continuing operations increased to $5.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $1.2 million for
the three months ended September 30, 2015. Adjusted EBITDA from continuing operations increased period to period primarily due
to the lower net loss generated year-to-year.  

Including
the loss from discontinued operations of approximately $0.6 million, our total net loss and Adjusted EBITDA for the three months
ended September 30, 2016 were $3.8 million and $5.6 million, respectively. Including the income from discontinued operations of
approximately $1.1 million, our total net loss and Adjusted EBITDA for the three months ended September 30, 2015 were $9.3 million
and $2.8 million, respectively.  

Tons
Sold.   The following table presents tons of coal sold by reportable segment for the three months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015:  

*  
      Calculated
    percentages and the rounded totals presented are based upon on actual whole ton amounts and not the rounded amounts presented
    in this table.    

We
sold approximately 0.8 million tons of coal for the three months ended September 30  ,
2016, which was a 12.9% decrease compared to  the three months ended September 30 , 2015.
 The decrease in tons sold year-to-year was primarily due to lower sales from our Central Appalachia
segment due to weak demand for met and steam coal from this region. Tons of coal sold in our Central Appalachia segment decreased
by approximately 22.5% to approximately 0.2 million tons for the three months ended September 30 , 2016  compared
to the three months ended September 30 , 2015 , primarily due to a decrease in steam coal
tons sold in the three months ended September 30 , 2016  compared to 2015 due to ongoing
weak market demand for coal from this region. For our Northern Appalachia segment, tons of coal sold decreased by approximately
43.6% for the three months ended September 30 , 2016  compared to the three months ended
September 30 , 2015 as we experienced a decrease in tons sold from our Hopedale complex due to weak demand for coal from
this region . Coal sales from our Rhino Western segment decreased by approximately 21.0% for
the three months ended September 30 , 2016  compared to the same period in 2015 due to
decreased customer demand from our Castle Valley operation. For our Illinois Basin segment, tons of coal sold increased by approximately
45.4% for the three months ended September 30 , 2016  compared to the three months ended
September 30 , 2015 as  we increased production and sales year-to-year from our Pennyrile
mine in western Kentucky to meet our contracted sales commitments.    

Revenues.
  The following table presents revenues and coal revenues per ton by reportable segment for the three months ended  September
30 , 2016 and 2015:  

*  
      Percentages
    and per ton amounts are calculated based on actual amounts and not the rounded amounts presented in this table.    

**
      
      The
    Other category includes results for our ancillary businesses. The activities performed by these ancillary businesses also
    do not directly relate to coal production. As a result, coal revenues and coal revenues per ton are not presented for the
    Other category.    

Our
coal revenues for the three months ended  September 30 , 2016 decreased by approximately
$4.5 million, or 9.8%, to approximately $41.0 million from approximately $45.5 million for the three months ended  September
30 , 2015. The decrease in coal revenues was primarily due to fewer steam coal tons sold in Northern Appalachia,  partially
offset by  increased sales from our Pennyrile mine in the Illinois Basin .  Coal
revenues per ton was $50.09 for the three months ended  September 30 , 2016, an increase
of $1.71, or 3.50%, from $48.38 per ton for the three months ended  September 30 , 2015.
This increase in coal revenues per ton was primarily the result of a higher mix of higher priced met coal tons sold in Central
Appalachia compared to the prior period.  

For
our Central Appalachia segment, coal revenues decreased by approximately $1.1 million, or 9.5%, to approximately $10.4 million
for the three months ended  September 30 , 2016 from approximately $11.5 million for the
three months ended  September 30 , 2015. This decrease was primarily due to fewer steam
coal tons sold, which reflects the weak coal market conditions for coal from this region. Coal revenues per ton for our Central
Appalachia segment increased by $8.32, or 16.8%, to $57.91 per ton for the three months ended  September
30 , 2016 as compared to $49.59 for the three months ended  September 30 , 2015,
primarily due to a higher mix of higher priced met coal tons sold as steam coal tons decreased year-to-year due to ongoing weak
demand for steam coal from this region.  

For
our Northern Appalachia segment, coal revenues were approximately $8.8 million for the three months ended  September
30 , 2016, a decrease of approximately $6.9 million, or 43.9%, from approximately $15.7 million for the three months ended
 September 30 , 2015. This decrease was primarily due to a decrease in tons sold from our
Hopedale complex in Northern Appalachia due to weak demand for coal from the Northern Appalachia region during the three months
ended  September 30 , 2016. Coal revenues per ton for our Northern Appalachia segment was
primarily flat at $58.75 per ton for the three months ended  September 30 , 2016 as compared
to $59.13 per ton for the three months ended  September 30 , 2015.  

For
our Rhino Western segment, coal revenues decreased by approximately $1.5 million, or 17.0%, to approximately $7.2 million for
the three months ended  September 30 , 2016 from approximately $8.7 million for the three
months ended  September 30 , 2015, primarily due to a decrease in tons sold due to decreased
customer demand at our Castle Valley operation. Coal revenues per ton for our Rhino Western segment was $39.00 for the three months
ended  September 30 , 2016, an increase of $1.87, or 5.0%, from $37.13 for the three months
ended  September 30 , 2015. The increase in coal revenues per ton was due to an increase
in the contracted sales prices for steam coal sales from our Castle Valley mine for the three months ended  September
30 , 2016 compared to the same period in 2015.  

For
our Illinois Basin segment, coal revenues of approximately $14.6 million for the three months ended  September
30 , 2016 increased by approximately $5.0 million, or 51.4%, compared to $9.6 million for the three months ended  September
30 , 2015. The increase was due to increased sales from our Pennyrile mine in western Kentucky to fulfill our customer contracts.
Coal revenues per ton for our Illinois Basin segment was $47.97 for the three months ended  September
30 , 2016, an increase of $1.90, or 4.1%, from $46.07 for the three months ended  September
30 , 2015. The increase in coal revenues per ton was due to higher contracted prices for tons sold.  

Other
revenues for our Other category was relatively flat at approximately $0.2 million for the three months ended  September
30 , 2016.  

Central
Appalachia Overview of Results by Product.   Additional information for the Central Appalachia segment detailing the types
of coal produced and sold, premium high-vol met coal and steam coal, is presented below. Note that our Northern Appalachia, Rhino
Western and Illinois Basin segments currently produce and sell only steam coal.  

*
Percentage amounts are calculated based on actual amounts and not the rounded amounts presented in this table.  

Costs
and Expenses.   The following table presents costs and expenses (including the cost of purchased coal) and cost of operations
per ton by reportable segment for the three months ended  September 30 , 2016 and 2015:  

*
Percentages and per ton amounts are calculated based on actual amounts and not the rounded amounts presented in this table.  

**
Cost of operations presented for our Other category includes costs incurred by our ancillary businesses and our oil and natural
gas investments. The activities performed by these ancillary businesses do not directly relate to coal production. As a result,
per ton measurements are not presented for this category.  

Cost
of Operations.   Total cost of operations was $35.2 million for the three months ended  September
30 , 2016 as compared to $47.7 million for the three months ended  September 30 ,
2015. Our cost of operations per ton was $43.07 for the three months ended  September 30 ,
2016, a decrease of $7.66, or 15.1%, from the three months ended  September 30 , 2015.
Total cost of operations decreased primarily due to lower costs in Central Appalachia and Northern Appalachia, partially offset
by increased costs from higher production at our Pennyrile mine in the Illinois Basin. The decrease in the cost of operations
on a per ton basis was primarily due to a decrease from our Central Appalachia segment as we idled a majority of operations beginning
in the third quarter of 2015 to reduce excess coal inventory, which resulted in lower production and higher cost of operations
per ton during this 2015 period.  

Our
cost of operations for the Central Appalachia segment decreased by $7.8 million, or 52.8%, to $6.9 million for the three months
ended  September 30 , 2016 from $14.7 million for the three months ended  September
30 , 2015. Total cost of operations decreased year-to-year since as we optimized production during the three months ended
 September 30 , 2016 compared to the prior period. Our cost of operations per ton of $38.51
for the three months ended  September 30 , 2016 was a reduction of 39.1% compared to $63.19
per ton for the three months ended  September 30 , 2015, as we idled a majority of operations
beginning in the third quarter of 2015 to reduce excess coal inventory, which resulted in lower production and higher cost of
operations per ton during this 2015 period.  

In
our Northern Appalachia segment, our cost of operations decreased by $5.3 million, or 40.8%, to $7.8 million for the three months
ended  September 30 , 2016 from $13.1 million for the three months ended  September
30 , 2015. The decrease in cost of operations was due to reduced production in this region in response to weak market demand.
Our cost of operations per ton was $52.13 for the three months ended  September 30 , 2016,
an increase of $2.45, or 4.9%, compared to $49.68 for the three months ended  September 30 ,
2015. Cost of operations per ton increased slightly primarily due to fixed operating costs being allocated to lower production
and sales tons for the three months ended  September 30 , 2016 compared to the prior period.  

Our
cost of operations for the Rhino Western segment decreased by $1.9 million, or 26.3%, to $5.3 million for the three months ended
 September 30 , 2016 from $7.2 million for the three months ended  September
30 , 2015. Total cost of operations decreased for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period
in 2015 due to decreased tons produced and sold from our Castle Valley operation due to weak customer demand. Our cost of operations
per ton was $28.82 for the three months ended  September 30 , 2016, a decrease of $2.09,
or 6.8%, compared to $30.91 for the three months ended  September 30 , 2015. Cost of operations
per ton decreased for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 due to lower maintenance and
other costs incurred at our Castle Valley operation.  

Cost
of operations in our Illinois Basin segment was $13.4 million while cost of operations per ton was $43.99 for the three months
ended  September 30 , 2016, both of which related to our Pennyrile mining complex in western
Kentucky. For the three months ended  September 30 , 2015, cost of operations in our Illinois
Basin segment was $10.5 million and cost of operations per ton was $49.86. The increase in cost of operations was primarily the
result of increased production year-to-year at the Pennyrile complex, while cost of operations per ton decreased as we continued
to optimize the cost structure at this mining complex.  

Cost
of operations in our Other category decreased to $1.8 million for the three months ended  September
30 , 2016 compared to $2.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. Cost of operations decreased primarily
due to decreased activity in our ancillary businesses.  

Freight
and Handling.   Total freight and handling cost decreased to $0.4 million for the three months ended  September
30 , 2016 as compared to $0.7 million for the three months ended  September 30 ,
2015 as we sold fewer tons from our Sands Hill mining complex that requires trucking to customers.  

Depreciation,
Depletion and Amortization.   Total depreciation, depletion and amortization ( DD A ) expense for the three
months ended  September 30 , 2016 was $6.5 million as compared to $7.8 million for the
three months ended  September 30 , 2015.  

For
the three months ended  September 30 , 2016, our depreciation cost decreased to $5.6 million
compared to $7.2 million for the three months ended  September 30 , 2015. This decrease
primarily resulted from lower depreciation costs in our Central Appalachia segment in the current quarter compared to the prior
year as we disposed of excess equipment in this region.  

For
the three months ended  September 30 , 2016, our depletion cost was relatively flat at
$0.4 million compared to $0.3 million for the three months ended  September 30 , 2015.  

For
the three months ended  September 30 , 2016, our amortization cost was relatively flat
at $0.5 million compared to $0.3 million for the three months ended  September 30 , 2015.  

Selling,
General and Administrative.   Selling, general and administrative ( SG A ) expense for the three months
ended  September 30 , 2016 increased to $4.3 million as compared to $2.9 million for the
three months ended  September 30 , 2015. This increase was primarily attributable to a
$2.0 million charge incurred during the three months ended  September 30 , 2016 for a reserve
against a note receivable that was recorded in 2015 related to the sale of the Deane mining complex discussed earlier.  

Interest
Expense   .  Interest expense for the three months ended  September 30 , 2016
increased to $1.9 million as compared to $1.4 million for the three months ended  September 30 ,
2015. This increase was primarily due to higher interest rates on our senior secured credit facility.  

Net
Income (Loss) from Continuing Operations.   The following table presents net income (loss) from continuing operations by
reportable segment for the three months ended  September 30 , 2016 and 2015:  

For
the three months ended  September 30 , 2016, total net loss from continuing operations
was a loss of approximately $3.2 million compared to net loss from continuing operations of approximately $10.4 million for the
three months ended  September 30 , 2015. For the three months ended September 30, 2016,
our total net loss from continuing operations was impacted by a charge of $2.0 million related to the reserve taken against the
note receivable from our Deane mining complex sale discussed earlier. For the three months ended September 30, 2015, our total
net loss from continuing operations was impacted by an asset impairment charge of $2.3 million related to our Deane mining complex
discussed earlier.  

For
our Central Appalachia segment, net loss from continuing operations was approximately $1.6 million for the three months ended
 September 30 , 2016, a $6.8 million smaller net loss as compared to the three months ended
 September 30 , 2015, which was primarily related to the $2.3 million asset impairment
charge incurred during the three months ended  September 30 , 2015 for the Deane mining
complex discussed earlier. Net income from continuing operations in our Northern Appalachia segment increased by $1.3 million
to $3.2 million for the three months ended  September 30 , 2016 from $1.9 million for the
three months ended  September 30 , 2015. This increase was primarily due to reducing costs
at our Northern Appalachia operations. Net income (loss) from continuing operations in our Rhino Western segment was at a break-even
level for the three months ended  September 30 , 2016, compared to a net loss from continuing
operations of $0.5 million for the three months ended  September 30 , 2015. This decrease
in net loss was primarily the result of lower costs at our Castle Valley operation during the three months ended  September
30 , 2016 compared to the prior year. For our Illinois Basin segment, we generated a net loss from continuing operations
of $2.8 million for the three months ended  September 30 , 2016, which was an improvement
of $0.3 million compared to the three months ended  September 30 , 2015. This decrease
in net loss was primarily the result of increased coal sales at our Pennyrile mining complex as well as lower costs per ton as
we continued to optimize the operations at this mining facility. For the Other category, we had a net loss from continuing operations
of $2.0 million for the three months ended  September 30 , 2016 as compared to net loss
from continuing operations of $0.3 million for the three months ended  September 30 , 2015.
This increase in net loss year to year was primarily attributable to a $2.0 million charge incurred during the three months ended
 September 30 , 2016 for a reserve against a note receivable that was recorded in 2015
related to the sale of the Deane mining complex discussed earlier.  

Adjusted
EBITDA from Continuing Operations.   The following table presents Adjusted EBITDA from continuing operations by reportable
segment for the three months ended  September 30 , 2016 and 2015:  

Adjusted
EBITDA from continuing operations for the three months ended  September 30 , 2016 was $5.5
million, an increase of $4.3 million from the three months ended  September 30 , 2015.
Adjusted EBITDA from continuing operations increased period to period primarily due to the lower net loss generated year-to-year
discussed above. Adjusted EBITDA for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $5.6 million and $2.8 million, respectively,
once the results from discontinued operations were included. Please read   Reconciliations of Adjusted EBITDA 
for reconciliations of Adjusted EBITDA from continuing operations to net income on a segment basis.  

Nine
Months Ended September 30, 2016 Compared to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015     

Summary.
  For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, our total revenues decreased to $124.3 million from $158.3 million for the
nine months ended September 30, 2015, which is a 21.5% decrease. We sold approximately 2.4 million tons of coal for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016, which is a 13.8% decrease compared to the tons of coal sold for the nine months ended September 30,
2015. The decrease in revenue and tons sold was primarily the result of continued weak demand and low prices in the met and steam
coal markets, particularly in Central Appalachia, partially offset by increased sales from our Pennyrile operation in the Illinois
Basin. We believe the weak demand in the steam and met coal markets for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was due to the
same factors discussed earlier.  

Net
loss from continuing operations decreased for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended September
30, 2015. We generated a net loss from continuing operations of approximately $9.0 million for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 compared to a net loss from continuing operations of approximately $27.0 million for the nine months ended September
30, 2015. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, our total net loss from continuing operations was benefited from a prior
service cost benefit of approximately $3.9 million resulting from the cancellation of the postretirement benefit plan at our Hopedale
operation, partially offset by a charge of $2.0 million related to the reserve taken against the note receivable from our Deane
mining complex sale discussed earlier. Net loss from continuing operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 was impacted
by the $2.2 million asset impairment charge incurred for our Cana Woodford oil and gas properties discussed above as well as the
asset impairment charge of $2.3 million related to our Deane mining complex discussed earlier.  

Adjusted
EBITDA from continuing operations increased to $14.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $5.7 million for
the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Adjusted EBITDA from continuing operations increased period to period primarily due
to the $3.9 million prior service cost benefit discussed above.  

Including
the loss from discontinued operations of approximately $117.9 million, our total net loss and Adjusted EBITDA for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 were $126.9 million and $16.7 million, respectively. Including the income from discontinued operations
of approximately $5.6 million, our total net loss and Adjusted EBITDA for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 were $21.3
million and $13.1 million, respectively.  

Tons
Sold.   The following table presents tons of coal sold by reportable segment for the nine months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015:  

*  
      Calculated
    percentages and the rounded totals presented are based upon on actual whole ton amounts and not the rounded amounts presented
    in this table.    

We
sold approximately 2.4 million tons of coal for the nine months ended September 30  ,
2016, which was a 13.8% decrease compared to  the nine months ended September 30 , 2015.
 The decrease in tons sold year-to-year was primarily due to lower sales from our Central Appalachia
and Northern Appalachia segments due to weak demand for steam coal from this region. Tons of coal sold in our Central Appalachia
segment decreased by approximately 47.6% to approximately 0.4 million tons for the nine months ended September 30 , 2016
 compared to the nine months ended September 30 , 2015 ,
primarily due to a decrease in steam coal tons sold in the nine months ended September 30 , 2016  compared
to 2015 due to ongoing weak market demand for coal from this region. For our Northern Appalachia segment, tons of coal sold decreased
by approximately 43.6% for the nine months ended September 30 , 2016  compared to the nine
months ended September 30 , 2015 as we experienced a decrease in tons sold from our Hopedale complex due to weak demand
for coal from this region . Coal sales from our Rhino Western segment decreased by approximately
10.9% for the nine months ended September 30 , 2016  compared to the same period in 2015
due to decreased customer demand from our Castle Valley operation. For our Illinois Basin segment, tons of coal sold increased
by approximately 61.6% for the nine months ended September 30 , 2016  compared to the nine
months ended September 30 , 2015 as  we increased production and sales year-to-year from
our Pennyrile mine in western Kentucky to meet our contracted sales commitments.    

Revenues.
  The following table presents revenues and coal revenues per ton by reportable segment for the nine months ended  September
30 , 2016 and 2015:  

*  
      Percentages
    and per ton amounts are calculated based on actual amounts and not the rounded amounts presented in this table.    

**
      
      The
    Other category includes results for our ancillary businesses. The activities performed by these ancillary businesses also
    do not directly relate to coal production. As a result, coal revenues and coal revenues per ton are not presented for the
    Other category.    

Our
coal revenues for the nine months ended  September 30 , 2016 decreased by approximately
$22.8 million, or 16.3%, to approximately $116.7 million from approximately $139.5 million for the nine months ended  September
30 , 2015. The decrease in coal revenues was primarily due to fewer steam coal tons sold in Northern Appalachia and Central
Appalachia,  partially offset by  increased sales from our Pennyrile mine in the Illinois
Basin .  Coal revenues per ton was $48.52 for the nine months ended  September
30 , 2016, a decrease of $1.44, or 2.9%, from $49.96 per ton for the nine months ended  September
30 , 2015. This decrease in coal revenues per ton was primarily the result of a larger mix of lower priced tons sold from
Pennyrile.  

For
our Central Appalachia segment, coal revenues decreased by approximately $18.8 million, or 46.6%, to approximately $21.6 million
for the nine months ended  September 30 , 2016 from approximately $40.4 million for the
nine months ended  September 30 , 2015. This decrease was primarily due to fewer steam
coal tons sold, which reflects the weak coal market conditions for coal from this region. Coal revenues per ton for our Central
Appalachia segment increased by $1.08, or 1.9%, to $58.62 per ton for the nine months ended  September
30 , 2016 as compared to $57.54 for the nine months ended  September 30 , 2015, primarily
due to a higher mix of higher priced met coal tons sold compared to the prior year.  

For
our Northern Appalachia segment, coal revenues were approximately $24.6 million for the nine months ended  September
30 , 2016, a decrease of approximately $20.1 million, or 44.9%, from approximately $44.7 million for the nine months ended
 September 30 , 2015. This decrease was primarily due to a decrease in tons sold from our
Hopedale complex in Northern Appalachia due to weak demand for coal from this region. Coal revenues per ton for our Northern Appalachia
segment decreased by $1.27, or 2.2%, to $56.91 per ton for the nine months ended  September 30 ,
2016 as compared to $58.18 per ton for the nine months ended  September 30 , 2015. This
decrease was primarily due to the larger mix of lower priced tons being sold from our Sands Hill complex compared to higher priced
tons sold from our Hopedale complex.  

For
our Rhino Western segment, coal revenues decreased by approximately $2.1 million, or 7.7%, to approximately $25.1 million for
the nine months ended  September 30 , 2016 from approximately $27.2 million for the nine
months ended  September 30 , 2015, primarily due to a decrease in tons sold due to decreased
customer demand at our Castle Valley operation. Coal revenues per ton for our Rhino Western segment was $38.55 for the nine months
ended  September 30 , 2016, an increase of $1.32, or 3.5%, from $37.23 for the nine months
ended  September 30 , 2015. The increase in coal revenues per ton was due to an increase
in the contracted sales prices for steam coal sales from our Castle Valley mine for the nine months ended  September
30 , 2016 compared to the same period in 2015.  

For
our Illinois Basin segment, coal revenues of approximately $45.4 million for the nine months ended  September
30 , 2016 increased by approximately $18.2 million, or 67.1%, compared to $27.2 million for the nine months ended  September
30 , 2015. The increase was due to increased sales from our Pennyrile mine in western Kentucky to fulfill our customer contracts.
Coal revenues per ton for our Illinois Basin segment was $47.65 for the nine months ended  September
30 , 2016, an increase of $1.59, or 3.4%, from $46.06 for the nine months ended  September
30 , 2015. The increase in coal revenues per ton was due to higher contracted prices for tons sold.  

Other
revenues for our Other category decreased to approximately $0.4 million for the nine months ended  September
30 , 2016 as compared to approximately $1.5 million for the nine months ended  September
30 , 2015. This decrease in revenue was primarily due to the decreased business activity in our ancillary businesses and
oil and natural gas investments.  

Central
Appalachia Overview of Results by Product.   Additional information for the Central Appalachia segment detailing the types
of coal produced and sold, premium high-vol met coal and steam coal, is presented below. Note that our Northern Appalachia, Rhino
Western and Illinois Basin segments currently produce and sell only steam coal.  

*
Percentage amounts are calculated based on actual amounts and not the rounded amounts presented in this table.  

Costs
and Expenses.   The following table presents costs and expenses (including the cost of purchased coal) and cost of operations
per ton by reportable segment for the nine months ended  September 30 , 2016 and 2015:  

*
Percentages and per ton amounts are calculated based on actual amounts and not the rounded amounts presented in this table.  

**
Cost of operations presented for our Other category includes costs incurred by our ancillary businesses and our oil and natural
gas investments. The activities performed by these ancillary businesses do not directly relate to coal production. As a result,
per ton measurements are not presented for this category.  

Cost
of Operations.   Total cost of operations was $98.2 million for the nine months ended  September
30 , 2016 as compared to $139.7 million for the nine months ended  September 30 ,
2015. Our cost of operations per ton was $40.77 for the nine months ended  September 30 ,
2016, a decrease of $9.28, or 18.6%, from the nine months ended  September 30 , 2015. Total
cost of operations decreased primarily due to lower costs in Central Appalachia and Northern Appalachia as we reduced production
in these regions in response to weak market demand, partially offset by increased costs from higher production at our Pennyrile
mine in the Illinois Basin. The decrease in the cost of operations on a per ton basis was primarily due to a decrease from our
Pennyrile mine in the Illinois Basin as we increased and optimized production during the nine months ended  September
30 , 2016 compared to the same period in 2015, as well as the $3.9 million benefit in Northern Appalachia during the nine
months ended  September 30 , 2016 from the prior service cost benefit resulting from the
cancellation of the postretirement benefit plan at our Hopedale operation.  

Our
cost of operations for the Central Appalachia segment decreased by $26.4 million, or 68.0%, to $12.5 million for the nine months
ended  September 30 , 2016 from $38.9 million for the nine months ended  September
30 , 2015. Total cost of operations decreased year-to-year since we decreased production during the nine months ended  September
30 , 2016 in response to weak market conditions. Our cost of operations per ton of $33.86 for the nine months ended  September
30 , 2016 was a reduction of 38.9% compared to $55.41 per ton for the nine months ended  September
30 , 2015, as we produced coal from lower cost operations during the nine months ended  September
30 , 2016.  

In
our Northern Appalachia segment, our cost of operations decreased by $19.3 million, or 51.2%, to $18.5 million for the nine months
ended  September 30 , 2016 from $37.8 million for the nine months ended  September
30 , 2015. Our cost of operations per ton was $42.67 for the nine months ended  September
30 , 2016, a decrease of $6.60, or 13.4%, compared to $49.27 for the nine months ended  September
30 , 2015. The decrease in cost of operations and cost of operations per ton was primarily due to the $3.9 million prior
service cost benefit during the nine months ended  September 30 , 2016 resulting from the
cancellation of the postretirement benefit plan at our Hopedale operation.  

Our
cost of operations for the Rhino Western segment decreased by $4.2 million, or 17.6%, to $19.9 million for the nine months ended
 September 30 , 2016 from $24.1 million for the nine months ended  September
30 , 2015. Our cost of operations per ton was $30.47 for the nine months ended  September
30 , 2016, a decrease of $2.51, or 7.6%, compared to $32.98 for the nine months ended  September
30 , 2015. Total cost of operations and cost of operations per ton decreased for the nine months ended  September
30 , 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 due to lower maintenance and other costs from our Castle Valley operation.  

Cost
of operations in our Illinois Basin segment was $39.9 million while cost of operations per ton was $41.81 for the nine months
ended  September 30 , 2016, both of which related to our Pennyrile mining complex in western
Kentucky. For the nine months ended  September 30 , 2015, cost of operations in our Illinois
Basin segment was $31.3 million and cost of operations per ton was $52.95. The increase in cost of operations was primarily the
result of increased production year-to-year at the Pennyrile complex, while cost of operations per ton decreased as we continued
to optimize the cost structure at this mining complex.  

Cost
of operations in our Other category was relatively flat at $7.4 million for the nine months ended  September
30 , 2016 as compared to $7.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  

Freight
and Handling.   Total freight and handling cost decreased to $1.5 million for the nine months ended  September
30 , 2016 as compared to $1.9 million for the nine months ended  September 30 , 2015
as we sold fewer tons from our Sands Hill mining complex that requires trucking to customers.  

Depreciation,
Depletion and Amortization.   Total depreciation, depletion and amortization ( DD A ) expense for the nine
months ended  September 30 , 2016 was $18.3 million as compared to $24.5 million for the
nine months ended  September 30 , 2015.  

For
the nine months ended  September 30 , 2016, our depreciation cost decreased to $15.9 million
compared to $22.2 million for the nine months ended  September 30 , 2015. This decrease
primarily resulted from lower depreciation costs in our Central Appalachia segment compared to the prior year as we disposed of
excess equipment in this region.  

For
the nine months ended  September 30 , 2016, our depletion cost was relatively flat at $1.2
million compared to $1.1 million for the nine months ended  September 30 , 2015.  

For
the nine months ended  September 30 , 2016, our amortization cost was relatively flat at
$1.2 million compared to the nine months ended  September 30 , 2015.  

Selling,
General and Administrative.   Selling, general and administrative ( SG A ) expense for the nine months ended
 September 30 , 2016 increased to $12.2 million as compared to $11.8 million for the nine
months ended  September 30 , 2015. This increase was primarily attributable to a $2.0 million
charge incurred during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 for a reserve against a note receivable that was recorded in 2015
related to the sale of the Deane mining complex discussed earlier.  

Interest
Expense   .  Interest expense for the nine months ended  September 30 , 2016
increased to $5.2 million as compared to $3.7 million for the nine months ended  September 30 ,
2015. This increase was primarily due to higher interest rates on our senior secured credit facility along with the write-off
of approximately $0.3 million of our unamortized debt issuance costs during the nine months ended  September
30 , 2016. This write-off was due to the fourth and fifth amendments of our credit facility during the nine months ended
 September 30 , 2016 that reduced the borrowing capacity from $100 million to $75 million.
See the discussion on our credit agreement in  Liquidity and Capital Resources - Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 
for more information on these amendments.  

Net
Income (Loss) from Continuing Operations.   The following table presents net income (loss) from continuing operations by
reportable segment for the nine months ended  September 30 , 2016 and 2015:  

For
the nine months ended  September 30 , 2016, total net loss from continuing operations was
a loss of approximately $9.0 million compared to net loss from continuing operations of approximately $26.9 million for the nine
months ended  September 30 , 2015. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, our total
net loss from continuing operations was benefited from a prior service cost benefit of approximately $3.9 million resulting from
the cancellation of the postretirement benefit plan at our Hopedale operation. Net loss from continuing operations for the nine
months ended September 30, 2015 was impacted by the $2.2 million asset impairment charge incurred for our Cana Woodford oil and
gas properties discussed above as well as the asset impairment charge of $2.3 million related to our Deane mining complex discussed
earlier. Including the loss from discontinued operations of approximately $117.9 million, our total net loss for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 was $126.9 million. Including the income from discontinued operations of approximately $5.6 million,
our total net loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 was $21.3 million.  

For
our Central Appalachia segment, net loss from continuing operations was approximately $10.1 million for the nine months ended
 September 30 , 2016, a $6.2 million smaller net loss as compared to the nine months ended
 September 30 , 2015, which was primarily related to the $2.3 million asset impairment
charge incurred during the three months ended  September 30 , 2015 for the Deane mining
complex discussed earlier. Net income from continuing operations in our Northern Appalachia segment increased by $4.4 million
to $9.0 million for the nine months ended  September 30 , 2016 from $4.6 million for the
nine months ended  September 30 , 2015. This increase was primarily due the prior service
cost benefit of approximately $3.9 million resulting from the cancellation of the postretirement benefit plan at our Hopedale
operation. Net loss from continuing operations in our Rhino Western segment was a loss of $0.6 million for the nine months ended
 September 30 , 2016, compared to a net loss from continuing operations of $3.0 million
for the nine months ended  September 30 , 2015. This decrease in net loss was primarily
the result of lower costs at our Castle Valley operation during the nine months ended  September
30 , 2016 compared to the prior year. For our Illinois Basin segment, we generated a net loss from continuing operations
of $4.2 million for the nine months ended  September 30 , 2016, which was an improvement
of $6.1 million compared to the nine months ended  September 30 , 2015. This decrease in
net loss was primarily the result of increased coal sales at our Pennyrile mining complex as well as lower costs per ton as we
continued to optimize the operations at this mining facility. For the Other category, we had a net loss from continuing operations
of $3.1 million for the nine months ended  September 30 , 2016 as compared to a net loss
from continuing operations of $1.9 million for the nine months ended  September 30 , 2015.
This increase in net loss year to year was primarily attributable to a $2.0 million charge incurred during the three months ended
September 30, 2016 for a reserve against a note receivable that was recorded in 2015 related to the sale of the Deane mining complex
discussed earlier.  

Adjusted
EBITDA from Continuing Operations.   The following table presents Adjusted EBITDA from continuing operations by reportable
segment for the nine months ended S eptember 30 , 2016 and 2015:  

Adjusted
EBITDA from continuing operations for the nine months ended  September 30 , 2016 was $14.9
million, an increase of $9.2 million from the nine months ended  September 30 , 2015. Adjusted
EBITDA from continuing operations increased period to period due to the improvement year-to-year in our loss from continuing operations
as well as the prior service cost benefit of approximately $3.9 million resulting from the cancellation of the postretirement
benefit plan at our Hopedale operation. Adjusted EBITDA for the nine months ended  September
30 , 2016 and 2015 were $16.7 million and $13.1 million, respectively, once the results from discontinued operations were
included. Please read   Reconciliations of Adjusted EBITDA  for reconciliations of Adjusted EBITDA from continuing
operations to net income on a segment basis.  

Reconciliations
of Adjusted EBITDA     

The
following tables present reconciliations of Adjusted EBITDA to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures for each of
the periods indicated:  

*  
      Includes
    our 51% equity interest in the results of the joint venture, which owns the Rhino Eastern mining complex located in West Virginia
    and for which we serve as manager.    

**  
      Totals
    may not foot due to rounding.    

EBITDA
    is calculated based on actual amounts and not the rounded amounts presented in this table.   

(1)  
      During
    the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, we recorded a $2.0 million reserve against a note receivable that was
    recorded in 2015 related to the sale of the Deane mining complex discussed earlier. We believe that the isolation and presentation
    of this specific item to arrive at Adjusted EBITDA is useful because it enhances investors  understanding of how we
    assess the performance of our business. We believe the adjustment of this item provides investors with additional information
    that they can utilize in evaluating our performance. Additionally, we believe the isolation of this item provides investors
    with enhanced comparability to prior and future periods of our operating results.   

(2)  
      For
    the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, we recorded a gain of approximately $1.7 million for the extinguishment
    of debt. We executed an agreement with the third party that held approximately $2.8 million of other notes payable to settle
    the debt for $1.1 million of cash consideration, which resulted in an approximate $1.7 million gain from the extinguishment
    of this debt. We believe that the isolation and presentation of this specific item to arrive at Adjusted EBITDA is useful
    because it enhances investors  understanding of how we assess the performance of our business. We believe the adjustment
    of this item provides investors with additional information that they can utilize in evaluating our performance. Additionally,
    we believe the isolation of this item provides investors with enhanced comparability to prior and future periods of our operating
    results.    

(3)  
      During
    the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, we recorded asset impairment losses of approximately $2.3 million and
    $4.5 million, respectively. For the three months ended September 30, 2015, we recorded an asset impairment loss of approximately
    $2.3 million for our Deane mining complex since this asset is classified as held for sale and was written down to its estimated
    fair value less costs to sell as of September 30, 2015. For the nine months ended September 30, 2015, we recorded an additional
    asset impairment loss of approximately $2.2 million for our Cana Woodford mineral rights since this asset was classified as
    held for sale and was written down to its estimated fair value less costs to sell as of June 30, 2015. We believe that the
    isolation and presentation of these specific items to arrive at Adjusted EBITDA is useful because it enhances investors 
    understanding of how we assess the performance of our business. We believe the adjustment of these items provides investors
    with additional information that they can utilize in evaluating our performance. Additionally, we believe the isolation of
    these items provides investors with enhanced comparability to prior and future periods of our operating results.   

EBITDA
    is calculated based on actual amounts and not the rounded amounts presented in this table.    

**  
      Totals
    may not foot due to rounding.   

(1)  
      For
    the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, we recorded losses of $0.5 million and $119.2 million related to the sale
    of our Elk Horn coal leasing company that was discussed earlier. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, we
    recorded asset impairment losses of approximately $2.3 million and $4.5 million, respectively. For the three months ended
    September 30, 2015, we recorded an asset impairment loss of approximately $2.3 million for our Deane mining complex since
    this asset is classified as held for sale and was written down to its estimated fair value less costs to sell as of September
    30, 2015. For the nine months ended September 30, 2015, we recorded an additional asset impairment loss of approximately $2.2
    million for our Cana Woodford mineral rights since this asset was classified as held for sale and was written down to its
    estimated fair value less costs to sell as of June 30, 2015. We believe that the isolation and presentation of this specific
    item to arrive at Adjusted EBITDA is useful because it enhances investors  understanding of how we assess the performance
    of our business. We believe the adjustment of this item provides investors with additional information that they can utilize
    in evaluating our performance. Additionally, we believe the isolation of this item provides investors with enhanced comparability
    to prior and future periods of our operating results.    

(2)  
      For
    the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, we recorded a $2.0 million reserve against a note receivable that was
    recorded in 2015 related to the sale of the Deane mining complex discussed earlier. During the three and nine months ended
    September 30, 2015, we recorded provisions for doubtful accounts of approximately $0.1 million and $0.5 million, respectively,
    related to a few of our Elk Horn lessee customers in Central Appalachia that were in bankruptcy proceedings. We believe that
    the isolation and presentation of this specific item to arrive at Adjusted EBITDA is useful because it enhances investors 
    understanding of how we assess the performance of our business. We believe the adjustment of this item provides investors
    with additional information that they can utilize in evaluating our performance. Additionally, we believe the isolation of
    this item provides investors with enhanced comparability to prior and future periods of our operating results.   

Liquidity
and Capital Resources    

Liquidity

The
principal indicators of our liquidity are our cash on hand and availability under our Amended and Restated Credit Agreement. As
of September 30, 2016, our available liquidity was $4.0 million, which was comprised of our availability under our credit agreement.  

Our
business is capital intensive and requires substantial capital expenditures for purchasing, upgrading and maintaining equipment
used in developing and mining our reserves, as well as complying with applicable environmental and mine safety laws and regulations.
Our principal liquidity requirements are to finance current operations, fund capital expenditures, including acquisitions from
time to time, and service our debt. Historically, our sources of liquidity included cash generated by our operations, borrowings
under our credit agreement and issuances of equity securities. Our ability to access the capital markets on economic terms in
the future will be affected by general economic conditions, the domestic and global financial markets, our operational and financial
performance, the value and performance of our equity securities, prevailing commodity prices and other macroeconomic factors outside
of our control. Failure to obtain financing or to generate sufficient cash flow from operations could cause us to significantly
reduce our spending and to alter our short- or long-term business plan. We may also be required to consider other options, such
as selling assets or merger opportunities, and depending on the urgency of our liquidity constraints, we may be required to pursue
such an option at an inopportune time.  

Prior
to our entry into the Fifth Amendment, we were unable to demonstrate that we had sufficient liquidity to operate our business
over the subsequent twelve months and thus, substantial doubt was raised about our ability to continue as a going concern. Accordingly,
our independent registered public accounting firm included an emphasis paragraph with respect to our ability to continue as a
going concern in its report on our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2015. The presence of the
going concern emphasis paragraph in our auditors  report may have an adverse impact on our relationship with third parties
with whom we do business, including our customers, vendors, lenders and employees, making it difficult to raise additional debt
or equity financing to the extent needed and conduct normal operations. As a result, our business, results of operations, financial
condition and prospects could be materially adversely affected.  

On
March 17, 2016, our Operating Company, as borrower, and we and certain of our subsidiaries, as guarantors, entered into a fourth
amendment (the  Fourth Amendment ) of our Amended and Restated Credit Agreement. The Fourth Amendment amended the
definition of change of control in the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement to permit Royal to purchase the membership interests
of the General.  

On
May 13, 2016, we entered into the Fifth Amendment of the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, which extended the term to July
31, 2017.  

In
July 2016, we entered into a sixth amendment (the  Sixth Amendment ) of our amended and restated senior secured credit
facility that permitted the sale of Elk Horn that was discussed earlier. (see   Liquidity and Capital Resources Amended
and Restated Credit Agreement  for further details of the Fourth, Fifth and Sixth Amendments).  

In
order to borrow under our senior secured credit facility, we must make certain representations and warranties to our lenders at
the time of each borrowing. If we are unable to make these representations and warranties, we would be unable to borrow under
our senior secured credit facility, absent a waiver. Furthermore, if we violate any of the covenants or restrictions in our Amended
and Restated Credit Agreement, including the maximum leverage ratio and minimum EBITDA requirement, some or all of our indebtedness
may become immediately due and payable, and our lenders  commitment to make further loans to us may terminate. Given the
continued weak demand and low prices for met and steam coal, we may not be able to continue to give the required representations
or meet all of the covenants and restrictions included in our senior secured credit facility. If we are unable to give a required
representation or we violate a covenant or restriction, then we will need a waiver from our lenders in order to continue to borrow
under our Amended and Restated Credit Agreement. Although we believe our lenders loans are well secured under the terms of our
Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, there is no assurance that the lenders would agree to any such waiver.  

We
continue to take measures, including the suspension of cash distributions on our common and subordinated units and cost and productivity
improvements, to enhance and preserve our liquidity so that we can fund our ongoing operations and necessary capital expenditures
and meet our financial commitments and debt service obligations. For the quarter ended September 30, 2016, we continued the suspension
of the cash distribution for our common units, which was initially suspended beginning with the quarter ended June 30, 2015. For
the quarters ended September 30, 2014 and December 31, 2014, we announced cash distributions of $0.05 per common unit, or $0.20
per unit on an annualized basis, and for the quarter ended March 31, 2015, we announced cash distributions of $0.02 per common
unit, or $0.08 per unit on an annualized basis. Each of these quarters  distribution levels were lower than the previous
quarters  distribution amounts of $0.445 per common unit, or $1.78 per unit on an annualized basis. We have not paid any
distribution on our subordinated units for any quarter after the quarter ended March 31, 2012. The distribution suspension and
prior reductions were the result of prolonged weakness in the coal markets, which has continued to adversely affect our cash flow.  

Cash
Flows     

Net
cash provided by operating activities was $5.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to cash provided
by operating activities of $13.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. This decrease in cash provided by operating
activities was primarily the result of ongoing weak coal market conditions discussed above for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 as compared to 2015.  

Net
cash provided by investing activities was $5.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to cash used for
investing activities of $4.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Net cash provided by investing activities for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was primarily related to the proceeds from the sale of Elk Horn coal leasing operation,
partially offset by our capital expenditures necessary for maintaining our mining operations. Net cash used for investing activities
for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 is primarily related to our capital expenditures necessary for maintaining our mining
operations.  

Net
cash used in financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $10.3 million, which was primarily attributable
to net repayments on our revolving credit facility this period with the proceeds from the sale of our Elk Horn coal leasing operation
as well as contributions from Royal s acquisition of common units. Net cash used in financing activities for the nine months
ended September 30, 2015 was $9.9 million, which was primarily attributable to fees paid for the third amendment of our credit
facility, as well as distributions paid to unitholders.  

Capital
Expenditures     

Our
mining operations require investments to expand, upgrade or enhance existing operations and to meet environmental and safety regulations.
Maintenance capital expenditures are those capital expenditures required to maintain our long term operating capacity. Examples
of maintenance capital expenditures include expenditures associated with the replacement of equipment and coal reserves, whether
through the expansion of an existing mine or the acquisition or development of new reserves to the extent such expenditures are
made to maintain our long term operating capacity. Expansion capital expenditures are those capital expenditures that we expect
will increase our operating capacity over the long term. Examples of expansion capital expenditures include the acquisition of
reserves, equipment for a new mine or the expansion of an existing mine to the extent such expenditures are expected to expand
our long-term operating capacity.  

Actual
maintenance capital expenditures for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 were approximately $1.1 million. These amounts were
primarily used to rebuild, repair or replace older mining equipment. Expansion capital expenditures for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 were approximately $4.8 million, which were primarily related to the payments for the final development of
our new Riveredge mine on our Pennyrile property in western Kentucky.  

Amended
and Restated Credit Agreement    

On
July 29, 2011, we executed the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement. The maximum availability under the amended and restated
credit facility was $300.0 million, with a one-time option to increase the availability by an amount not to exceed $50.0 million.
Of the $300.0 million, $75.0 million was available for letters of credit. In April 2015, the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement
was amended and the borrowing commitment under the facility was reduced to $100.0 million and the amount available for letters
of credit was reduced to $50.0 million. As described below, in March 2016 and May 2016, the borrowing commitment under the facility
was further reduced to $80.0 million and $75.0 million, respectively, and the amount available for letters of credit was reduced
to $30.0 million.  

Loans
under the senior secured credit facility currently bear interest at a base rate equaling the prime rate plus an applicable margin
of 3.50%. The Amended and Restated Credit Agreement also contains letter of credit fees equal to an applicable margin of 5.00%
multiplied by the aggregate amount available to be drawn on the letters of credit, and a 0.15% fronting fee payable to the administrative
agent. In addition, we incur a commitment fee on the unused portion of the senior secured credit facility at a rate of 1.00% per
annum. Borrowings on the line of credit are collateralized by all of our unsecured assets.  

Our
Amended and Restated Credit Agreement requires us to maintain certain minimum financial ratios and contains certain restrictive
provisions, including among others, restrictions on making loans, investments and advances, incurring additional indebtedness,
guaranteeing indebtedness, creating liens, and selling or assigning stock. As of and for the twelve months ended September 30,
2016, we are in compliance with respect to all covenants contained in the credit agreement.  

On
March 17, 2016, we entered into the Fourth Amendment of our Amended and Restated Credit Agreement. The Fourth Amendment amended
the definition of change of control in the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement to permit Royal to purchase the membership interests
of our general partner. The Fourth Amendment reduced the borrowing capacity under the credit facility to a maximum of $80 million
and reduced the amount available for letters of credit to $30 million. The Fourth Amendment eliminated the option to borrow funds
utilizing the LIBOR rate plus an applicable margin and established the borrowing rate for all borrowings under the facility to
be based upon the current PRIME rate plus an applicable margin of 3.50%. The Fourth Amendment eliminated the capability to make
Swing Loans under the facility and eliminated our ability to pay distributions to our common or subordinated unitholders. The
Fourth Amendment altered the maximum leverage ratio, calculated as of the end of the most recent month, on a trailing twelve-month
basis, to 6.75 to 1.00. The leverage ratio shall be reduced by 0.50 to 1.00 for every $10 million of net cash proceeds, in the
aggregate, received by us after the date of the Fourth Amendment from a liquidity event; provided, however, that in no event shall
the maximum permitted leverage ratio be reduced below 3.00 to 1.00. A liquidity event is defined in the Fourth Amendment as the
issuance of any equity by us on or after the Fourth Amendment effective date (other than the Royal equity contribution discussed
above), or the disposition of any assets by us. The Fourth Amendment required us to maintain minimum liquidity of $5 million and
minimum EBITDA (as defined in the credit agreement), calculated as of the end of the most recent month, on a trailing twelve month
basis, of $8 million. The Fourth Amendment limited the amount of our capital expenditures to $15 million, calculated as of end
of the most recent month, on a trailing twelve-month basis. The Fourth Amendment required us to provide monthly financial statements
and a weekly rolling thirteen-week cash flow forecast to the Administrative Agent.  

On
May 13, 2016, we entered into the Fifth Amendment of our Amended and Restated Credit Agreement that extended the term to July
31, 2017. Per the Fifth Amendment, the credit facility will be automatically extended to December 31, 2017 if revolving credit
commitments are reduced to $55 million or less on or before July 31, 2017. The Fifth Amendment immediately reduced the revolving
credit commitments under the credit facility to a maximum of $75 million and maintained the amount available for letters of credit
at $30 million. The Fifth Amendment further reduced the revolving credit commitments over time on a dollar-for-dollar basis in
amounts equal to each of the following: (i) the face amount of any letter of credit that expires or whose face amount is reduced
by any such dollar amount, (ii) the net proceeds received from any asset sales, (iii) the Royal scheduled capital contributions
(as outline below), (iv) the net proceeds from the issuance of any equity by us up to $20.0 million (other than equity issued
in exchange for any Royal contribution as outlined in the Securities Purchase Agreement or the Royal scheduled capital contributions
to us as outlined below), and (v) the proceeds from the incurrence of any subordinated debt. The first $11 million of proceeds
received from any equity issued by us described in clause (iv) above shall also satisfy the Royal scheduled capital contributions
as outlined below. The Fifth Amendment requires Royal to contribute $2 million each quarter beginning September 30, 2016 through
September 30, 2017 and $1 million on December 1, 2017, for a total of $11 million. The Fifth Amendment further reduces the revolving
credit commitments as follows:  

Date
    of Reduction  
       
      Reduction
    Amount   
 
      September
    30, 2016  
       
      The
    lesser of (i) $2 million or (ii) the positive difference (if any) of $2 million minus the proceeds from the issuance of any
    of our equity (excluding any Royal equity contributions)   

December
    31, 2016  
       
      The
    lesser of (i) $2 million or (ii) the positive difference (if any) of $4 million minus the proceeds from the issuance of any
    of our equity (excluding any Royal equity contributions)   

March
    31, 2017  
       
      The
    lesser of (i) $2 million or (ii) the positive difference (if any) of $6 million minus the proceeds from the issuance of any
    of our equity (excluding any Royal equity contributions)   

June
    30, 2017  
       
      The
    lesser of (i) $2 million or (ii) the positive difference (if any) of $8 million minus the proceeds from the issuance of any
    of our equity (excluding any Royal equity contributions)   

September
    30, 2017  
       
      The
    lesser of (i) $2 million or (ii) the positive difference (if any) of $10 million minus the proceeds from the issuance of any
    of our equity (excluding any Royal equity contributions)   

December
    1, 2017  
       
      The
    lesser of (i) $1 million or (ii) the positive difference (if any) of $11 million minus the proceeds from the issuance of any
    of our equity (excluding any Royal equity contributions)   

The
Fifth Amendment requires that on or before March 31, 2017, we shall have solicited bids for the potential sale of certain non-core
assets, satisfactory to the administrative agent, and provided the administrative agent, and any other lender upon its request,
with a description of the solicitation process, interested parties and any potential bids. The Fifth Amendment limits any payments
by us to our general partner to: (i) the usual and customary payroll and benefits of the our management team so long as our management
team remains employees of our general partner, (2) the usual and customary board fees of our general partner, and (3) the usual
and customary general and administrative costs and expenses of our general partner incurred in connection with the operation of
its business in an amount not to exceed $0.3 million per fiscal year. The Fifth Amendment limits asset sales to a maximum of $5
million unless we receive consent from the lenders. The Fifth Amendment alters the maximum leverage ratio, calculated as of the
end of the most recent month, on a trailing twelve-month basis, as follows:  

The
leverage ratios above shall be reduced by 0.50 to 1.00 for every $10 million of aggregate proceeds received by us from: (i) the
issuance of our equity (excluding any Royal capital contributions) and/or (ii) the proceeds received from the sale of assets,
provided that the leverage ratio shall not be reduced below 3.50 to 1.00. The Fifth Amendment removes the $5.0 million minimum
liquidity requirement and requires us to have any deposit, securities or investment accounts with a member of the lending group.  

In
July 2016, we entered into the Sixth Amendment of our amended and restated senior secured credit facility that permitted the sale
of Elk Horn that was discussed earlier. The Sixth Amendment reduced the maximum commitment amount allowed under the credit facility
based on the initial cash proceeds of $10.5 million that were received for the Elk Horn sale. The Sixth Amendment further reduces
the maximum commitment amount allowed under the credit facility for the additional $1.5 million to be received from the Elk Horn
sale by $375,000 each quarterly period beginning September 30, 2016 through June 30, 2017.  

At
September 30, 2016, the Operating Company had borrowings outstanding (excluding letters of credit) of $30.4 million at a variable
interest rate of PRIME plus 3.50% (7.00% at September 30, 2016). In addition, the Operating Company had outstanding letters of
credit of approximately $27.8 million at a fixed interest rate of 5.00% at September 30, 2016. Based upon a maximum borrowing
capacity of 6.50 times a trailing twelve-month EBITDA calculation (as defined in the credit agreement), the Operating Company
had available borrowing capacity of approximately $4.0 million at September 30, 2016. During the three months ended September
30, 2016, we had average borrowings outstanding of approximately $37.7 million under our credit agreement.  

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements    

In
the normal course of business, we are a party to certain off-balance sheet arrangements. These arrangements include guarantees
and financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk, such as bank letters of credit and surety bonds. No liabilities related
to these arrangements are reflected in our consolidated balance sheet, and we do not expect any material adverse effects on our
financial condition, results of operations or cash flows to result from these off-balance sheet arrangements.  

Federal
and state laws require us to secure certain long-term obligations related to mine closure and reclamation costs. We typically
secure these obligations by using surety bonds, an off-balance sheet instrument. The use of surety bonds is less expensive for
us than the alternative of posting a 100% cash bond or a bank letter of credit, either of which would require a greater use of
our amended and restated credit agreement. We then use bank letters of credit to secure our surety bonding obligations as a lower
cost alternative than securing those bonds with a committed bonding facility pursuant to which we are required to provide bank
letters of credit in an amount of up to 25% of the aggregate bond liability. To the extent that surety bonds become unavailable,
we would seek to secure our reclamation obligations with letters of credit, cash deposits or other suitable forms of collateral.  

As
of September 30, 2016, we had $27.8 million in letters of credit outstanding, of which $22.4 million served as collateral for
surety bonds.  

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates    

Our
financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles that are generally accepted in the United States. The
preparation of these financial statements requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amount
of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses as well as the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. Management evaluates
its estimates and judgments on an on-going basis. Management bases its estimates and judgments on historical experience and other
factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Nevertheless, actual results may differ from the estimates
used and judgments made.  

The
accounting policies and estimates that we have adopted and followed in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements
are fully described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. There have been no significant changes
in these policies and estimates as of September 30, 2016.  

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements   

Refer
to Part-I  Item 1. Note 2 of the notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements for a discussion of
recent accounting pronouncements, which is incorporated herein by reference. There are no known future impacts or material changes
or trends of new accounting guidance beyond the disclosures provided in Note 2.  

Item
4. Controls and Procedures   

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures.  As required by Rule 13a-15(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
 Exchange Act ), we have evaluated, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including
our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered
by this Form 10-Q. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance that the information required
to be disclosed by us in reports that we file under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including
our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required
disclosure and is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the
SEC. Based upon the evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that our disclosure
controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2016 at the reasonable assurance level.  

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting.  There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred
during the quarter ended September 30, 2016, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal
control over financial reporting.  

PART
II Other Information    

Item
1. Legal Proceedings. 

We
may, from time to time, be involved in various legal proceedings and claims arising out of our operations in the normal course
of business. While many of these matters involve inherent uncertainty, we do not believe that we are a party to any legal proceedings
or claims that will have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations.  

Item
1A. Risk Factors.   

In
addition to the other information set forth in this Report, you should carefully consider the risks under the heading  Risk
Factors  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, which risks could materially affect our
business, financial condition or future results. There has been no material change in our risk factors from those described in
the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. These risks are not the only risks that we face. Additional
risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect
our business, financial condition or results of operations.  

Item
2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 

None.  

Item
3. Defaults upon Senior Securities. 

None.  

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosure   

Information
concerning mine safety violations or other regulatory matters required by Section 1503(a) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform
and Consumer Protection Act and Item 104 of Regulation S-K for the three months ended September 30, 2016 is included in Exhibit
95.1 to this report.  

Item
5. Other Information.   

None.  

Item
    6.   
       
              Exhibits.  

Exhibit
    Number   
       
       Description    

2.1  
       
       Membership
                                         Transfer Agreement between Rhino Eastern JV Holding Company LLC, Rhino Energy WV LLC,
                                         and Rhino Eastern LLC dated December 31, 2014, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1
                                         to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-34892) filed on January 7, 2015     

2.2*  
       
       Equity
                                         Exchange Agreement, dated as of September 30, 2016, by and among Rhino Resource Holdings
                                         LLC, Rhino Resource Partners LP, Rhino GP LLC and Royal Energy Resources, Inc.     

2.3*  
       
       Membership
                                         Interest Purchase Agreement, dated August 22, 2016, by and among Rhino Energy LLC and
                                         Elk Horn Coal Acquisition LLC     

3.1  
       
       Certificate
                                         of Limited Partnership of Rhino Resource Partners LP, incorporated by reference to Exhibit
                                         3.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-166550) filed on May 5, 2010     

3.2  
       
       Third
                                         Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Rhino Resource Partners LP,
                                         dated as of December 30, 2015, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current
                                         Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-34892) filed on December 30, 2015  

4.1  
       
       Registration
                                         Rights Agreement, dated as of October 5, 2010, by and between Rhino Resource Partners
                                         LP and Rhino Energy Holdings LLC, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current
                                         Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-34892) filed on October 8, 2010     

4.2  
       
      Registration
    Rights Agreement, dated as of March 21, 2016, by and between Rhino Resource Partners LP and Royal Energy Resources, Inc.,
    incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-34892) filed on March 23, 2016   

10.1

Fifth
                                         Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated May 13, 2016 by and among Rhino
                                         Energy LLC, PNC Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent, and the guarantors
                                         and lenders party thereto, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Current Report
                                         on Form 8-K (File No. 001-34892), filed on May 16, 2016    

10.2*  
       
       Sixth
                                         Amendment and Consent to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of July 19,
                                         2016, by and among Rhino Energy LLC, PNC Bank, National Association, as Administrative
                                         Agent, and the guarantors and lenders party thereto     

10.3*  
       
       Amended
                                         and Restated Employment Agreement of Richard Boone, effective as of September 1, 2016    

The
exhibits marked with the asterisk symbol (*) are filed or furnished (in the case of Exhibits 32.1 and 32.2) with this Form 10-Q.  

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.  

RHINO
    RESOURCE PARTNERS LP   

By: 
      Rhino
    GP LLC, its General Partner   

Date:
    November 10, 2016  
      By:  
       /s/
    Joseph E. Fun    

Joseph
    E. Funk   

Chief
    Executive Officer   

(Principal
    Executive Officer)   

Date:
    November 10, 2016  
      By:  
       /s/
    W. Scott Morris    

W.
    Scott Morris   

Vice
    President and Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal
    Financial Officer)   

<EX-2.2>
 2
 ex2-2.htm

EQUITY
EXCHANGE AGREEMENT   

This
Equity Exchange Agreement (this   Agreement  ), dated as of September 30, 2016, is made by and among Rhino Resource
Partners Holdings LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (  Holdings  ), Rhino Resource Partners, LP, a Delaware
limited partnership (  Rhino  ), Rhino GP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (  Rhino GP  )
and Royal Energy Resources, Inc., a Delaware corporation (  Royal  ).  

RECITALS:  

WHEREAS,
each of Yorktown Energy Partners VI, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (  Yorktown VI  ), Yorktown Energy
Partners VII, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (  Yorktown VII  ), Yorktown Energy Partners VIII, L.P., a
Delaware limited partnership (  Yorktown VIII  ), Yorktown Energy Partners IX, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership
(  Yorktown IX   and, together with Yorktown VI, Yorktown VII, Yorktown VIII, collectively the   Yorktown
Funds  ) owns the number of shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of Armstrong Energy, Inc., a Delaware
corporation (  Armstrong  ), set forth next to each Yorktown Fund s name below (such shares of common stock
of Armstrong being referred to herein as the   Exchange Shares  ):  

WHEREAS,
the Yorktown Funds will contribute the Exchange Shares to Holdings prior to the Closing (as defined below);  

WHEREAS,
the Yorktown Funds have consented to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, in accordance with the Stockholders 
Agreement (as defined below);  

WHEREAS,
Holdings desires to contribute to Rhino, and Rhino desires to acquire from Holdings, the Exchange Shares, in exchange for Rhino
issuing 10,000,000 Common Units (the   New Rhino LP Units  ) on the Closing Date, on the terms and conditions
set forth herein;  

WHEREAS,
as additional consideration for the Exchange Shares, Royal will transfer to Holdings a 50.0% Membership Interest (as defined in
the Company Agreement) in Rhino GP (the   Rhino GP LLC Interest   and together with the New Rhino LP Units, the
  New Rhino Units  ) on the Closing Date on the terms and conditions set forth herein; and  

WHEREAS,
for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the Exchange is intended to constitute a nontaxable transfer within the meaning of Section
721 of the Code.  

SECTION
I.  
 DEFINITIONS  

Unless
the context otherwise requires, the terms defined in this  Section I  will have the meanings herein specified for all purposes
of this Agreement, applicable to both the singular and plural forms of any of the terms herein defined.  

1.1
    Accredited Investor   has
the meaning given to such term in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D, promulgated under the Securities Act.  

1.2
    Affiliate   of any Person
means another Person that directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under
common control with, such first Person. For purposes of this definition,  control  (including the terms  controlled
by,   under common control with  and correlative terms) means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the
power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person, whether through ownership of voting securities,
by Contract or otherwise.  

1.3
    Agreement   means this Equity
Exchange Agreement, including all schedules and exhibits attached hereto, as this Equity Exchange Agreement may be from time to
time amended, modified or supplemented.  

1.4
    Applicable Law   means, with
respect to any Person, any U.S. or non-U.S. federal, national, state, provincial, local, municipal, international, multinational
or other law (including common law), constitution, statute, code, ordinance, rule, regulation or treaty applicable to such Person.  

1.5
    Armstrong   has the meaning
set forth in the Recitals.  

1.6
    Capital Stock   means, with
respect to: (i) any corporation, any share, or any depositary receipt or other certificate representing any share, of an equity
ownership interest in that corporation; and (ii) any other entity, any share, membership or other percentage interest, unit of
participation or other equivalent (however designated) of an equity interest in that entity.  

1.7
    Closing   has the meaning
set forth in  Section 3.1 .  

1.8
    Closing Date   has the meaning
set forth in  Section 3.1 .  

1.9
    Code   means the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.  

1.10
    Commission   means the Securities
and Exchange Commission or any other federal agency then administering the Securities Act.  

1.11
    Common Units   means common
units representing limited partnership interests in Rhino.  

1.12
    Company Agreement   means
that certain Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Agreement of Rhino GP LLC dated as of November 15, 2013.  

Page   1   of 37      Equity Exchange Agreement    

1.13
    Contract   means, with respect
to any Person, any written, oral or other agreement, understanding, commitment, contract, instrument, note, mortgage, bond, loan,
indenture, credit agreement, guaranty, option, indemnity, deed, assignment, certificate, insurance policy, lease, license or arrangement
of any kind or nature to which such Person is a party, by which it or its assets are bound or subject or under which it has any
current or future Liability, and any amendments, supplements or modifications thereto.  

1.14
    Credit Facility   means that
certain $300,000,000 Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Facility pursuant to that certain Amended and Restated Credit Agreement
by and among Rhino, the Lenders party thereto, the guarantors party thereto and PNC Bank, National Association, as administrative
agent for the Lenders party thereto, as amended by the First Amendment thereto dated as of April 18, 2013, the Second Amendment
thereto dated as of March 19, 2014, the Third Amendment thereto dated as of April 28, 2015, the Fourth Amendment thereto dated
as of March 17, 2016 and the Fifth Amendment thereto dated as of May 13, 2016, as may be further amended.  

1.15
    Encumbrances   means liens,
charges, pledges, options, mortgages, deeds of trust, security interests, claims, restrictions (whether on voting, sale, transfer,
disposition, or otherwise), easements, and other encumbrances of every type and description, whether imposed by law, agreement,
understanding, or otherwise.  

1.16
    ERISA   means the Employee
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (or any successor legislation thereto), as amended from time to time and any regulations
promulgated thereunder.  

1.17
    ERISA Affiliate   means, with
respect to a Person, any entity which has ever been considered a single employer with such Person under Section 4001(b) of ERISA
or Section 414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of the Code.  

1.18
    Exchange   has the meaning
set forth in  Section 2.1 .  

1.19
    Exchange Act     means
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.  

1.20
    Exchange Shares   has the
meaning set forth in the Recitals.  

1.21
    Expenses   shall mean any
expenses incurred in connection with a Proceeding, including, without limitation, all reasonable attorneys  fees, retainers,
court costs, transcript costs, fees of experts, witness fees, travel expenses, duplicating costs, printing and binding costs,
telephone charges, postage, delivery service fees and all other disbursements or expenses of the types customarily incurred in
connection with prosecuting, defending, preparing to prosecute or defend, investigating, or being or preparing to be a witness
in a Proceeding.  

1.22
    Financial Statements   has
the meaning set forth in  Section 5.8(a) .  

1.23
    GAAP   means, with respect
to any Person, United States generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis with such Person s past
practices.  

1.24
    Governmental Approval   has
the meaning set forth in  Section 5.5 .  

Page   2   of 37      Equity Exchange Agreement    

1.25
    Governmental Authority   means
any federal or national, state or provincial, municipal or local government, governmental authority, regulatory or administrative
agency, governmental commission, department, board, bureau, agency or instrumentality, political subdivision, commission, court,
tribunal, official, arbitrator or arbitral body, in each case whether U.S. or non-U.S.  

1.26
    Holdings   has the meaning
set forth in the Preamble.  

1.27
    Holdings Related Parties  
has the meaning set forth in  Section 6.1 .  

1.28
    Indemnified Party   has the
meaning set forth in  Section 6.3(a) .  

1.29
    Indemnifying Party   has the
meaning set forth in  Section 6.3(a) .  

1.30
    Liabilities   means all indebtedness,
claims, legal proceedings, obligations, Taxes, duties, warranties or liabilities, including strict liability, of any nature (including
any undisclosed, unfixed, unknown, unliquidated, unsecured, unmatured, unaccrued, unasserted, contingent, conditional, unvested,
inchoate, implied, vicarious, joint, several or secondary liabilities), regardless of whether any such indebtedness, claims, legal
proceedings, obligations, duties, warranties or liabilities would be required to be disclosed on a balance sheet prepared in accordance
with GAAP or is known as of the Closing.  

1.31
    Limited Partner Approval  
means the approval of a majority of the limited partners of Rhino.  

1.32
    Loss   has the meaning set
forth in  Section 6.1 .  

1.33
    Rhino GP LLC Interest   has
the meaning set forth in the Recitals.  

1.34
    New Rhino LP Units   has the
meaning set forth in the Recitals.  

1.35
    New Rhino Units   has the
meaning set forth in the Recitals.  

1.36
    Order   means any award, decision,
injunction, judgment, order, ruling, subpoena, or verdict entered, issued, made, or rendered by any Governmental Authority.  

1.37
    Organization State   means,
as applied to (i) any corporation, its state or other jurisdiction of incorporation, (ii) any limited liability company or limited
partnership, the state or other jurisdiction under whose laws it is formed, organized and existing in that legal form, and (iii)
any other entity, the state or other jurisdiction whose laws govern that entity s internal affairs.  

1.38
    Organizational Documents  
means (a) the articles or certificate of incorporation and the by-laws or code of regulations of a corporation; (b) the partnership
agreement and any statement of partnership of a general partnership; (c) the limited partnership agreement and the certificate
of limited partnership of a limited partnership; (d) the articles or certificate of formation and operating agreement of a limited
liability company; (e) any other document performing a similar function to the documents specified in clauses (a), (b), (c) and
(d) adopted or filed in connection with the creation, formation or organization of a Person; and (f) any and all amendments to
any of the foregoing.  

Page   3   of 37      Equity Exchange Agreement    

1.39
    Partnership Assets   means
all assets and properties of every kind, character and description, whether tangible, intangible, real, personal or mixed, which
are owned, used or held for use by the Partnership Entities as of the date hereof or as of Closing.  

1.40
    Partnership Business   means
all business activities of the Partnership Entities as conducted on the date hereof.  

1.41
    Partnership Entities   means
Rhino, Rhino GP and the Subsidiaries of Rhino.  

1.42
    Partnership Facilities   means
the facilities of the Partnership Entities located on any real property currently or formerly owned and/or operated and/or leased
by the Partnership Entities or any predecessor, and all improvements thereon.  

1.43
    Partnership Parties   means
Rhino and Rhino GP.  

1.44
    Partnership Plans   has the
meaning set forth in  Section 5.20(a) .  

1.45
    Permitted Encumbrances   with
respect to a party, means (a) the Encumbrances permitted to be incurred under the Credit Facility as in effect on the date hereof
(b) liens for Taxes not yet due and payable, (c) statutory liens (including materialmen s, mechanic s, repairmen s,
landlord s and other similar liens) arising in connection with the ordinary course of business securing payments not yet
due and payable or, if due and payable, the validity of which is being contested in good faith by appropriate legal proceedings
and for which adequate reserves have been set aside, (d) liens of landlords under lease agreements with respect to property located
on the leased premises, and (e) any and all arrearages owed by Rhino for minimum quarterly distributions to unitholders.  

1.46
    Person   means all natural
persons, corporations, business trusts, associations, companies, partnerships, limited liability companies, joint ventures and
other entities, governments, agencies and political subdivisions.  

1.47
    Proceeding   means any action,
arbitration, audit, hearing, investigation, litigation, or suit (whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative) commenced,
brought, conducted, or heard by or before, or otherwise involving, any Governmental Authority.  

1.48
    Representatives   of any Person
means the officers, directors, managers, shareholders, members and other equityholders, employees, partners, independent contractors,
consultants, advisors, agents, counsel, accountants, investment bankers and other representatives of such Person.  

1.49
    Rhino   has the meaning set
forth in the Preamble.  

1.50
    Rhino Board   has the meaning
set forth in Section 7.3(f).  

Page   4   of 37      Equity Exchange Agreement    

1.51
    Rhino GP   has the meaning
set forth in the Preamble.  

1.52
    Rhino GP Units   means notional
units used solely to calculate the General Partner s Percentage Interest (as defined in the Rhino LP Agreement).  

1.53
    Rhino Group   means, collectively,
Rhino, Rhino GP and Rhino s Subsidiaries.  

1.54
    Rhino LP Agreement   means
that certain Third Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Rhino, dated as of December 30, 2015.  

1.55
    Rhino LP Units   means the
units representing common limited partnership interests in the Partnership and having the rights and obligations specified with
respect to the Rhino LP Units in the Rhino LP Agreement.  

1.56
    Rhino Units   means the Rhino
GP Units and the Rhino LP Units.  

1.57
    Rhino Related Parties   has
the meaning set forth in  Section 6.2 .  

1.58
    SEC Filings   has the meaning
set forth in  Section 5.7 .  

1.59
    Securities Act   means the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or any similar federal statute, and the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder,
all as the same will be in effect at the time.  

1.60
    Stockholders  Agreement  
means that certain Stockholders  Agreement dated May 12, 2015 by and among Armstrong, the John Hord Armstrong, III Trust
Dated June 13, 1994, The Martin D. and Carole J. Wilson Living Trust Dated 09/07/2013, J. Richard Gist, Kenneth E. Allen, Adam
D. Anderson, Brian G. Landry Jeffrey F. Winnick, Yorktown VI, Yorktown VII, Yorktown VIII, Yorktown IX, David R. Cobb, James H.
Brandi, LucyB Trust, Danielle Weisman, John G. Brim, Franklin W. Hobbs IV, Hutchinson Brothers, LLC a Nebraska limited liability
company, and John H. Stites, III.  

1.61
    Subsidiary   means with respect
to a Person, any entity of which securities or other ownership interests having ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the
board of directors or other Persons performing similar functions are owned, directly or indirectly, by such Person.  

1.62
    Tax   and   Taxes  
means any federal, state, local and foreign taxes, charges, fees, levies or other similar assessments or Liabilities (including,
income, receipts, gross receipts, ad valorem, value added, excise, real or personal property, sales, occupation, service, stamp,
transfer, registration, natural resources, severance, escheat or unclaimed property premium, windfall or excess profits, environmental,
customs, duties, use, licensing, withholding, employment, social security, unemployment, disability, payroll, share, capital,
surplus, alternative, minimum, add-on minimum, estimated, franchise or any other taxes, charges, fees, levies or other similar
assessments or liabilities of any kind whatsoever), whether or not disputed, and whether computed on a separate, consolidated,
unitary or combined basis or in any other manner, and includes any interest, fines, penalties, assessments, deficiencies or additions
thereto.  

Page   5   of 37      Equity Exchange Agreement    

1.63
    Tax Return   means any return,
declaration, report, claim for refund, information return or statement or other document relating to Taxes, including any schedule
or attachment thereto, and including any amendment thereof.  

1.64
    Third Party Claim   has the
meaning set forth in  Section 6.3(a) .  

1.65
    Transaction Documents   means,
collectively, all agreements, instruments and other documents to be executed and delivered in connection with the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.  

1.66
    Yorktown   has the meaning
set forth in the Recitals.  

1.67
    Yorktown VI   has the meaning
set forth in the Recitals.  

1.68
    Yorktown VII   has the meaning
set forth in the Recitals.  

1.69
    Yorktown VIII   has the meaning
set forth in the Recitals.  

1.70
    Yorktown IX   has the meaning
set forth in the Recitals.  

SECTION
II.  
 EXCHANGE OF SHARES AND CONSIDERATION  

2.1
   Exchange of Shares; Consideration . At
the Closing, (a) Holdings shall transfer the Exchange Shares to Rhino and (b) in consideration therefor, (i) Rhino shall issue
to Holdings the New Rhino LP Units and (ii) Rhino GP shall issue to Holdings the Rhino GP LLC Interest (collectively, the   Exchange  ).  

2.2
   Fair Market Value of Rhino GP LLC Interest .
Royal acknowledges and agrees that the fair market value of the Rhino GP LLC Interest is zero and, consequently, such Rhino GP
LLC Interest are issuable for no consideration and Rhino GP shall receive no consideration therefor.  

SECTION
III.  
 CLOSING DATE  

3.1
   Closing Date . The closing of the Exchange
(the   Closing  ) shall take place at the offices of Thompson   Knight LLP, 1722 Routh Street, Suite 1500,
Dallas, Texas 75201 at 10:00 a.m., local time, on the second business day after the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set
forth in  Section VII  (other than conditions that by their nature are to be satisfied at the Closing, but subject to the
satisfaction or waiver of those conditions), or at such other place, date and time as the parties hereto shall agree. The date
on which the Closing occurs is referred to as the   Closing Date  .  

Page   6   of 37      Equity Exchange Agreement    

SECTION
IV.  
 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF HOLDINGS  

Holdings
hereby represents and warrants to Rhino that as of the date hereof and as of the Closing; provided, however, that any such representation
and warranty of Holdings relating to Armstrong and/or its Subsidiaries shall be to Holdings  actual knowledge, with no duty
of investigation or inquiry, only:  

4.1
   Organization; Existence; Authority . Holdings
is a limited liability company duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware.
Holdings has the right, power, authority and capacity to execute and deliver this Agreement and each of the Transaction Documents
to which it is a party, to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and each of the Transaction Documents to
which it is a party, and to perform its obligations under this Agreement and each of the Transaction Documents to which it is
a party. This Agreement has been, and each of the Transaction Documents to which Holdings is a party will be, duly and validly
executed and delivered by Holdings. Assuming this Agreement and the Transaction Documents have been duly and validly authorized,
executed and delivered by the parties thereto other than Holdings, this Agreement is, and each of the Transaction Documents to
which Holdings is a party have been, duly executed and delivered by Holdings and constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation
of Holdings, enforceable against Holdings in accordance with their respective terms, except as such enforcement is limited by
general equitable principles, or by bankruptcy, insolvency and other similar Laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights
generally.  

4.2
   No Conflict . Neither the execution nor
delivery by Holdings of this Agreement or any Transaction Document to which Holdings is a party, nor the consummation or performance
by Holdings of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby will, directly or indirectly, (a) contravene, conflict with, constitute
a default (or an event or condition which, with notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute a default) under, or result
in the termination or acceleration of, any agreement or instrument to which Holdings is a party or by which the properties or
assets of Holdings are bound; or (b) contravene, conflict with, or result in a violation of, any Law or Order to which Holdings,
or any of its properties or assets, may be subject.  

4.3
   Litigation . There is no pending Proceeding
against Holdings that challenges, or may have the effect of preventing, delaying or making illegal, or otherwise interfering with,
any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and, to the knowledge of Holdings, no such Proceeding has been threatened,
and no event or circumstance exists that is reasonably likely to give rise to or serve as a basis for the commencement of any
such Proceeding.  

4.4
   No Brokers or Finders . No Person has,
or as a result of the transactions contemplated herein will have, any right or valid claim against Holdings or the Yorktown Funds
for any commission, fee or other compensation as a finder or broker, or in any similar capacity.  

Page   7   of 37      Equity Exchange Agreement    

4.5
   Ownership of Exchange Shares .  

(a)
  As of the date hereof, each of the Yorktown Funds
is the record and beneficial owner of, and has good and valid title to the Exchange Shares set forth opposite its name in the
Recitals, free and clear of any and all Encumbrances, other than restrictions under the Organizational Documents of Armstrong
or applicable securities law. Except for the Stockholders  Agreement, there are no options, rights, voting trusts, stockholder
agreements or any other contracts or understandings to which Holdings is a party or by which Holdings or the Exchange Shares,
are bound with respect to the issuance, sale, transfer, voting or registration thereof.  

(b)
  As of the Closing, Holdings will own, of record
and beneficially, and will have good and valid title to and the right to transfer to Rhino pursuant to this Agreement, the Exchange
Shares, free and clear of any and all Encumbrances, other than restrictions under the Organizational Documents of Armstrong or
applicable securities law. Except for the Stockholders  Agreement, there will be no options, rights, voting trusts, stockholder
agreements or any other contracts or understandings to which Holdings will be a party or by which Holdings or the Exchange Shares,
will be bound with respect to the issuance, sale, transfer, voting or registration thereof. At the Closing Date, Rhino will acquire
good, valid and marketable title to the Exchange Shares, free and clear of any and all Encumbrances.  

4.6
   Acknowledgment . Holdings understands and
agrees that the New Rhino Units to be issued pursuant to this Agreement have not been registered under the Securities Act or the
securities laws of any state of the United States and that the issuance of the New Rhino Units is being effected in reliance upon
an exemption from registration under the Securities Act under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act for transactions by an issuer
not involving a public offering.  

4.7
   Status . Holdings is an Accredited Investor.  

4.8
   Reliance . Holdings understands that the
New Rhino Units are being offered and sold to Holdings in reliance upon the truth and accuracy of its representations and warranties
set forth in this  Section IV  so that Rhino may determine the applicability and availability of the exemptions from registration
of the New Rhino Units on which Rhino is relying.  

4.9
   Governmental Approvals . No consent, approval,
order, or authorization of, or declaration, filing, or registration with, any Governmental Authority ( Governmental Approval )
is required to be obtained or made by Holdings or the Yorktown Funds in connection with the execution, delivery, or performance
of this Agreement or any Transaction Document to which it is a party or the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated
hereby, other than (i) compliance with any applicable state or federal securities law, and (ii) filing of any necessary ownership
and control changes with applicable state and federal mine permitting and mine safety authorities.  

4.10
   Permitting . None of Armstrong, Holdings,
or the Yorktown Funds has been subject to any bond forfeiture, permit suspension or revocation or similar effort or Proceeding
instituted by any Governmental Authority, and is not, and has not been  permit blocked  on the Applicant Violator
System.  

Page   8   of 37      Equity Exchange Agreement    

4.11
   Investigation . Holdings and the Yorktown
Funds have conducted their own independent investigation, review and analysis of the Partnership Entities and their assets and
business. Holdings and the Yorktown Funds acknowledge and agree that in making their respective decisions to enter into this Agreement
and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby, (a) Holdings and the Yorktown Funds have relied solely upon their own
investigation (including review of the SEC Filings) and the express representations and warranties of the Partnership Entities
set forth in this Agreement; and (b) no Partnership Entity nor any other Person has made any representation or warranty as to
any Partnership Entity or its business or its assets, except as expressly set forth in Agreemen t .  

SECTION
V.  
 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF RHINO AND RHINO GP  

Rhino
and Rhino GP represent and warrant, and to the extent the representations and warranties are with respect to Royal, Royal represents
and warrants to Holdings that as of the date hereof and as of the Closing:  

5.1
   Corporate Organization .  Schedule 5.1
 sets forth the legal name of each of the Partnership Entities. Rhino is a limited partnership and each of the other Partnership
Entities is a limited liability company duly organized or formed, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the
State of Delaware. Each of the Partnership Entities has full power and authority to own, lease or otherwise hold and operate its
properties and assets and to carry on its business as presently conducted, and in the case of Rhino GP, to act as general partner
of Rhino, in each case in all material respects as described in the SEC Filings. Each of the Partnership Entities is duly qualified
and in good standing to do business as a foreign general partnership, limited partnership, limited liability company or corporation,
as applicable, in each jurisdiction in which the conduct or nature of its business or the ownership, leasing, holding or operating
of its properties makes such qualification necessary. Other than as set forth on  Schedule 5.1 , each of the Partnership
Entities (other than Rhino and Rhino GP) are wholly owned, directly or indirectly, by Rhino and Rhino GP.  

5.2
   Capitalization of the Partnership Entities .  

(a)
  All of the outstanding equity interests in Rhino
have been duly authorized and validly issued in accordance with the Rhino LP Agreement, are fully paid (to the extent required
under the Rhino LP Agreement) and nonassessable, and, as of the respective dates of the SEC Filings and the Financial Statements,
were issued and held as described therein. Rhino GP is the sole general partner of Rhino with a 0.6% general partner interest
in Rhino. On the date hereof, the issued and outstanding limited partner interests of Rhino consist of 7,905,799 Common Units
and 1,235,534 subordinated units of Rhino.  

Page   9   of 37      Equity Exchange Agreement    

(b)
  The New Rhino LP Units (and the limited partner
interests represented thereby) and the Rhino GP LLC Interest to be issued to Holdings at the Closing, will be duly authorized
in accordance with the Rhino LP Agreement and the Company Agreement, as applicable, and, when issued and delivered to Holdings
pursuant to the Exchange in accordance with the terms hereof, will be validly issued, fully paid (to the extent required under
the Rhino LP Agreement and the Company Agreement) and nonassessable and will be issued free and clear of any Encumbrance.  

(c)
  No Encumbrance exists upon any outstanding share
(or other percentage ownership interests) of Capital Stock of any Partnership Entity which Rhino directly or indirectly owns other
than the Permitted Encumbrances. Except as set forth in  Schedule 5.2(c) , Rhino does not own, of record or beneficially,
directly or indirectly through any Person, and does not control, directly or indirectly through any Person or otherwise, any Capital
Stock of any entity other than a Partnership Entity. All of the outstanding shares of Capital Stock of the Partnership Entities
that are corporations or limited liability companies have been duly authorized and validly issued and are fully paid and nonassessable.
All of the outstanding shares of Capital Stock of the Partnership Entities that are general or limited partnerships have been
duly authorized and validly issued in accordance with such Partnership Entity s partnership agreement and such Capital Stock
has been fully paid for (to the extent required under such Partnership Entity s partnership agreement) and is nonassessable.  

(d)
  Except (i) as described in the SEC Filings and
(ii) for the Rhino LP Units to be issued pursuant to this Agreement, there are no preemptive rights or other rights to subscribe
for or to purchase, nor any restriction upon the voting or transfer of, any interests in Rhino pursuant to the Rhino LP Agreement
or any other agreement or instrument to which Rhino is a party or by which either of them may be bound. Neither the offering nor
the sale of the New Rhino Units as contemplated by this Agreement gives rise to any rights for or relating to the issuance or
registration of any of the Common Units or the Rhino GP LLC Units or other securities of Rhino or any other Partnership Entities,
except pursuant to this Agreement, or such rights as have been waived or satisfied. Except (i) as set forth in the SEC Filings
and (ii) pursuant to the Partnership Plans, no options, warrants or other rights to purchase, agreements or other obligations
to issue, or rights to convert any obligations into or exchange any securities for, Capital Stock of Rhino are outstanding.  

(e)
  The New Rhino Units and Rhino GP LLC Interest
when issued and delivered pursuant to the Exchange, will conform in all material respects to the description thereof contained
in the Rhino LP Agreement and the Company Agreement, as applicable. Rhino has all requisite power and authority to issue, sell
and deliver the New Rhino Units in accordance with and upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and the Rhino
LP Agreement. Royal has all requisite power and authority to transfer, sell and deliver the Rhino GP LLC Interest in accordance
with and upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and the Company Agreement. As of the Closing Date, all partnership
and limited liability company action, as the case may be, required to be taken by Royal, Rhino and Rhino GP or any of their respective
partners or members for the authorization, issuance, sale and delivery of the New Rhino LP Units and the Rhino GP LLC Interest
shall have been validly taken, and no other authorization by any of such parties is required therefor.  

5.3
   Authority Relative to This Agreement .
Each of the Partnership Parties and Royal has full power and authority to execute, deliver and perform this Agreement and the
Transaction Documents to which it is a party, and to consummate the Exchange. The execution, delivery and performance by the Partnership
Parties and Royal of the Transaction Documents, and the consummation by them of the Exchange, have been duly authorized by all
necessary action. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Partnership Parties and Royal and constitutes, and
each of the Transaction Documents and each other agreement, instrument or document executed or to be executed by the Partnership
Parties or Royal in connection with the Transaction has been, or when executed will be, duly executed and delivered by such Person
and constitutes, or when executed and delivered will constitute, a valid and legally binding obligation of such Person enforceable
against it in accordance with its terms, except that such enforceability may be limited by (a) applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
fraudulent transfer, reorganization, moratorium and similar laws affecting creditors  rights generally and (b) general principles
of equity (regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law).  

5.4
   Noncontravention . The execution, delivery,
and performance by each Partnership Party and Royal of this Agreement and the Transaction Documents to which it is a party and
the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby do not and will not (i) conflict with or result in a violation
of the Organizational Documents of such Partnership Party or Royal, (ii) assuming the conditions to Closing referred to in  Section
7.1  have been satisfied, conflict with or result in a violation of any provision of, or constitute (with or without the giving
of notice or the passage of time or both) a default under, or give rise (with or without the giving of notice or the passage of
time or both) to any right of termination, cancellation, or acceleration under, any bond, debenture, note, mortgage, indenture,
lease, agreement, or other instrument or obligation to which such Partnership Party or Royal is a party or by which such Partnership
Party or Royal or any of their respective properties may be bound, (iii) result in the creation or imposition of any Encumbrance
upon the properties of such Partnership Party or Royal, or (iv) assuming compliance with the matters referred to in  Section
5.6 , violate any Applicable Law binding upon such Partnership Party or Royal, except, in the case of clauses (ii), (iii),
and (iv) above, for any such conflicts, violations, defaults, terminations, cancellations, accelerations, or Encumbrances which
would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on the business, assets, results of operations, or
financial condition of such Partnership Party or Royal or on the ability of such Partnership Party or Royal to consummate the
transactions contemplated hereby.  

5.5
   Governmental Approvals . No consent, approval,
order, or authorization of, or declaration, filing, or registration with, any Governmental Authority ( Governmental Approval )
is required to be obtained or made the Partnership Parties in connection with the execution, delivery, or performance by the Partnership
Parties of this Agreement or any Transaction Document to which it is a party or the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated
hereby, other than (i) compliance with any applicable state or federal securities law (ii) filing of any necessary ownership and
control changes with applicable state and federal mine permitting and mine safety authorities and (iii) such consents, approvals,
Orders, or authorizations which, if not obtained, and such declarations, filings, or registrations which, if not made, would not,
individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on the business, assets, results of operations, or financial
condition of the Partnership Parties or on the ability of the Partnership Parties to consummate the transactions contemplated
hereby.  

5.6
 Title to Partnership Assets . As of the Closing, the Partnership Entities will have good and marketable title to, or valid
leasehold interests in, all of the Partnership Assets, free and clear of all Encumbrances other than Permitted Encumbrances.  

5.7
   SEC Filings . Since January 1, 2015, Rhino
has filed with the Commission all forms, reports, schedules, statements, and other documents required to be filed by it under
the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, and all other federal securities laws.
All forms, reports, schedules, statements, and other documents (including all amendments thereto) filed by Rhino with the Commission
since such date are herein collectively referred to as the  SEC Filings.  The SEC Filings, at the time filed, complied
in all material respects with all applicable requirements of federal securities laws. None of the SEC Filings, including, without
limitation, any financial statements or schedules included therein, at the time filed, contained any untrue statement of a material
fact or omitted to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements contained
therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. All material contracts of the Partnership have
been included in the SEC Filings, except for those contracts not required to be filed pursuant to the rules and regulations of
the Commission. Rhino shall deliver or make available to Holdings as soon as they become available accurate and complete copies
of all forms, reports, and other documents furnished by it to its limited partners generally or filed by it with the Commission
subsequent to the date hereof and prior to the Closing Date.  

5.8
   Financial Statements .  

(a)
  Rhino has provided to Holdings copies of (i)
the unaudited consolidated balance sheet as of June 30, 2016 and the related unaudited consolidated statements of income, cash
flows and owners  equity for the fiscal quarter then ended (including in all cases the notes, if any, thereto) of the Partnership
Entities contained in the quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed by Rhino with the Commission on August 11, 2016 (the  Financial
Statements ). The Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP applied on a basis consistent with past
practices, and fairly present the respective consolidated financial position of the Partnership Entities as of June 30, 2016 and
the consolidated results of operations and cash flows for the Partnership Entities for the fiscal periods set forth therein.  

5.9   Absence
of Certain Changes . Since June 30, 2016, except as disclosed in the Financial Statements, the SEC Filings and except for the
execution and delivery of this Agreement and the Transaction Documents, (a) there has been no event that would have a material
adverse effect on the financial condition, business, properties, or results of operations of the Partnership Entities, taken as
a whole, except for changes affecting the economy generally or other changes affecting the coal industry generally; (b) the Partnership
Business has been conducted only in the ordinary course consistent with past practice; (c) except for, or as contemplated by,
this Agreement, none of the Partnership Entities has incurred any material liability, engaged in any material transaction or entered
into any material agreement outside the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice that individually or in the
aggregate would result in a material adverse effect; (d) none of the Partnership Entities has suffered any material loss, damage,
destruction or other casualty to any of the Partnership Assets that individually or in the aggregate would result in a material
adverse effect; and (e) none of the Partnership Entities has taken any of the actions set forth below:  

(i)
  amended its certificate of formation or partnership
agreement; split (including any reverse split), combined, or reclassified any of its partnership interests; adopted resolutions
authorizing a liquidation, dissolution, merger, consolidation, restructuring, recapitalization, or other reorganization of any
Partnership Entity; or made any other material changes in its capital structure;  

(ii)
  except in the ordinary course of business consistent
with past practice, (i) incurred any liability or obligation, (ii) become liable or responsible for the obligations of any other
Person (other than Subsidiaries) or (iii) paid, discharged, or satisfied any claims, liabilities, or obligations (whether accrued,
absolute, contingent, unliquidated, or otherwise, and whether asserted or unasserted), other than the payment, discharge, or satisfaction,
in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, of liabilities reflected or reserved against in the Financial
Statements;  

(iii)
  incurred any indebtedness for borrowed money,
except for borrowings under the Credit Facility or as permitted under the Credit Facility;  

(iv)
  made any loans or advances to any person, other
than (i) advances to employees in the ordinary and usual course of business and (ii) transactions among or between the Partnership
Entities with respect to cash management conducted in the ordinary and usual course of the Partnership Business;  

(v)
  declared or paid any dividend or made any other
distribution with respect to its partnership interests, other than dividends paid by any Subsidiary to another of the Partnership
Entities in the ordinary and usual course of the Partnership Business;  

(vi)
  issued, sold, or delivered (whether through the
issuance or granting of options, warrants, commitments, subscriptions, rights to purchase, or otherwise) any of its partnership
interests or other securities other than as contemplated herein or purchase or otherwise acquire any of its partnership interests
or debt securities;  

(vii)
  subjected to Encumbrance any of its assets or
properties, other than those Encumbrances arising by operation of law or in the ordinary and usual course of business and those
Encumbrances incurred to secure the Existing Indebtedness or as permitted under the Credit Facility;  

(viii)
  other than in the ordinary course of business,
sold, leased, transferred, or otherwise disposed of, directly or indirectly, any assets, or waive, release, grant, or transfer
any rights of value;  

(ix)
  acquired (by merger, consolidation, acquisition
of stock or assets or otherwise) any corporation, partnership or other business organization or division thereof; or made any
other investment or expenditure of a capital nature, except the consummation of the Exchange;  

(x)
  entered into, adopted, or (except as may be required
by law) amended or terminated any collective bargaining agreement, Partnership Plan or other employee benefit plan; other than
in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practices, grant, approve, implement or amend any employment severance,
retention, termination pay, or similar arrangements or retain or discharge any current or former officers or personnel; other
than in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practices, authorize, amend, or enter into any employment, severance,
retention, termination pay, or similar consulting services or other agreement with any current or former officers or personnel;
grant enter into or amend any employment, consulting, bonus, change in control or similar agreement or arrangement with, any current
or former officers or personnel; increase the compensation or benefits provided to any current or former officers or personnel
grant any equity or equity-based awards to, or discretionarily accelerate the vesting or payment of any such awards held by, any
current or former officers or personnel; or establish, adopt, enter into amend, or agree to be bound by any collective bargaining
agreement or similar labor agreement;  

(xi)
  other than supply or other contracts entered
into in the ordinary course of the Partnership Business and consistent with past practices, entered into any contract, agreement,
lease or other commitment which is material to the business, assets, properties, or financial position of the Partnership Entities;
or amended, modified, or changed in any material respect any of the agreements pertaining to the Credit Facility or any other
existing contract, agreement, lease or other commitment which is material to the business, assets, properties, or financial position
of the Partnership Entities;  

(xii)
  other than hedges to supply and sales agreements
entered into in the ordinary course of the Partnership Business, entered into any speculative or commodity swaps, hedges or other
derivatives transactions or purchase any securities for investment purposes, other than in connection with the Partnership Entities 
cash management;  

(xiii)
  other than in the ordinary course of the Partnership
Business and consistent with past practices, authorized, entered into or amended any contract, agreement or other commitment with
any director, officer, employee, non-employee service provider or other Affiliate (other than the Partnership Entities) pursuant
to which any such person shall receive compensation, consideration or benefit of any kind (whether cash or property) from any
of the Partnership Entities; or  

(xiv)
  made or changed any material Tax election, changed
any method of Tax accounting, grant any extension of time to assess any Tax or settle any Tax claim, amend any Tax Return in any
material respect or settle or compromise any material Tax liability.  

5.10
   Tax Matters.   

(a)
  All Tax Returns required to be filed on or before
the Closing Date by Rhino and Rhino GP have been timely filed. Such Tax Returns are true, complete and correct in all respects.
All Taxes due and owing by the Partnership Entities (whether or not shown on any Tax Return) have been timely paid.  

(b)
  The Partnership Entities have withheld and paid
each Tax required to have been withheld and paid in connection with amounts paid or owing to any employee, independent contractor,
creditor, customer, shareholder or other party, and complied with all information reporting and backup withholding provisions
of Applicable Law.  

(c)
  No claim has been made by any taxing authority
in any jurisdiction where a Partnership Entity does not file Tax Returns that it is, or may be, subject to Tax by that jurisdiction.  

(d)
  No extensions or waivers of statutes of limitations
have been given or requested with respect to any Taxes of the Partnership Entities.  

(e)
  The amount of the Partnership Entities 
respective Liabilities for unpaid Taxes for all periods ending on or before December 31, 2015 does not, in the aggregate, exceed
the amount of accruals for Taxes (excluding reserves for deferred Taxes) reflected on the Financial Statements. The amount of
the Partnership Entities  Liability for unpaid Taxes for all periods following the end of the recent period covered by the
Financial Statements shall not, in the aggregate, exceed the amount of accruals for Taxes (excluding reserves for deferred Taxes)
as adjusted for the passage of time in accordance with the past custom and practice of the Company (and which accruals shall not
exceed comparable amounts incurred in similar periods in prior years).  

(f)
All deficiencies asserted, or assessments made, against a Partnership Entity as a result of any examinations by any taxing authority
have been fully paid. None of the Partnership Entities is a party to any pending Proceeding by any taxing authority and no such
Proceeding is threatened.  

(g)
  The Partnership Entities have delivered to Holdings
copies of all federal, state, local and foreign income, franchise and similar Tax Returns, examination reports, and statements
of deficiencies assessed against, or agreed to by, the Partnership Entities for all Tax periods ending after January 1, 2012.  

(h)
  There are no Encumbrances for Taxes (other than
for current Taxes not yet due and payable) upon the assets of the Partnership Entities.  

(i)
  None of the Partnership Entities is a party to,
or bound by, any Tax indemnity, Tax sharing or Tax allocation agreement.  

(j)
  No private letter rulings, technical advice memoranda
or similar agreement or rulings have been requested, entered into or issued by any taxing authority with respect to the Partnership
Entities.  

(k)
  The Partnership Entities have not been a member
of an affiliated, combined, consolidated or unitary Tax group for Tax purposes. The Partnership Entities have no Liability for
Taxes of any Person under Treasury Regulations Section 1.1502-6 (or any corresponding provision of Applicable Law), as transferee
or successor, by contract or otherwise.  

(l)
  The Partnership Entities will not be required
to include any item of income in, or exclude any item or deduction from, taxable income for any taxable period or portion thereof
ending after the Closing Date as a result of: (i) any change in a method of accounting under Section 481 of the Code (or any comparable
provision of Applicable Law), or use of an improper method of accounting, for a taxable period ending on or prior to the Closing
Date; (ii) an installment sale or open transaction occurring on or prior to the Closing Date; (iii) a prepaid amount received
on or before the Closing Date; (iv) any closing agreement under Section 7121 of the Code, or similar provision of state, local
or foreign Law; or (v) any election under Section 108(i) of the Code.  

(m)
  No Partnership Entity is or has ever been, a
party to, or a promoter of, a  reportable transaction  within the meaning of Section 6707A(c)(1) of the Code and Treasury
Regulations Section 1.6011 4(b).  

(n)
  No property owned by the Partnership Entities
is (i) required to be treated as being owned by another person pursuant to the so-called  safe harbor lease  provisions
of former Section 168(f)(8) of the Code, (ii) subject to Section 168(g)(1)(A) of the Code, or (iii) subject to a disqualified
leaseback or long-term agreement as defined in Section 467 of the Code.  

5.11
   Compliance with Laws . Subject to the specific
representations and warranties in this Agreement, which representations and warranties shall govern the subject matter thereof,
the Partnership Entities have complied in all material respects with all Applicable Laws relating to the ownership or operation
of the Partnership Assets and the conduct of the Partnership Business. Except as set forth in  Schedule 5.11 , none of the
Partnership Entities has received notice that it is charged or, to the knowledge of the Partnership Parties, threatened with,
or under investigation with respect to, any material violation of any Applicable Law relating to any aspect of the ownership or
operation of the Partnership Assets or Partnership Business.  

5.12
   Legal Proceedings . Except as described
in the SEC Filings or set forth on  Schedule 5.12 , there is (a) no Proceeding before or by any Governmental Entity or arbitrator
or official, domestic or foreign, now pending or, to the knowledge of the Partnership Parties, threatened, to which any of the
Partnership Entities is or may be a party or to which the business or property of any of the Partnership Entities is or may be
subject and (b) no injunction, restraining order or order of any nature issued by a federal or state court or foreign court of
competent jurisdiction to which any of the Partnership Entities is or may be subject, that, in the case of clauses (a) and (b)
above, is reasonably expected to (x) individually or in the aggregate have a material adverse effect, (y) prevent or result in
the suspension of the issuance and sale of the New Rhino Units or the Rhino GP LLC Interest or (z) affect adversely the ability
of Rhino to consummate the Exchange as contemplated herein. Any and all probable and estimated liabilities of the Partnership
Entities under any and all Proceedings now pending or, to the knowledge of the Partnership Parties, threatened, to which any of
the Partnership Entities is or, to the knowledge of the Partnership Parties, may be a party or to which the business or property
of any of the Partnership Entities, to the knowledge of the Partnership Parties, is or may be subject, are adequately covered
(except for standard deductible amounts) by the existing insurance maintained by Rhino or reserves established by the Financial
Statements.  

5.13
   Sufficiency of Partnership Assets . The
Partnership Assets constitute all the assets and properties the use or benefit of which are reasonably necessary for the operation
of the Partnership Business as conducted on the date of this Agreement. All Partnership Assets necessary for the conduct of the
Partnership Business are maintained in accordance with industry standards, normal wear and tear excepted, and are useable in the
continued operation of the Partnership Business consistent with past practice.  

5.14
 Permits . Each of the Partnership Entities has, or at the Closing Date will have, such Permits as are necessary to own its
properties and to conduct its business in the manner described in the SEC Filings, subject to such qualifications as may be set
forth in the SEC Filings; each of the Partnership Entities has, or at the Closing Date will have, fulfilled and performed all
its material obligations with respect to such Permits, and no event has occurred which allows, or after notice or lapse of time
would allow, revocation or termination thereof or results in any impairment of the rights of the holder of any such Permit; and,
except as described in the SEC Filings, none of such Permits contains any restriction that is materially burdensome to the Partnership
Entities considered as a whole.   

5.15
 Insurance . Rhino maintains insurance covering the properties, operations, personnel and businesses of the Partnership Entities.
Such insurance insures against such losses and risks as are reasonably adequate to protect the Partnership Entities and their
businesses. None of the Partnership Entities has received notice from any insurer or agent of such insurer that substantial capital
improvements or other expenditures will have to be made in order to continue such insurance; all such insurance is outstanding
and duly in force on the date hereof and will be outstanding and duly in force on the Closing Date.   

5.16   Books
and Records . Each of the Partnership Entities (i) makes and keeps books, records and accounts, which, in reasonable detail,
accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of assets and (ii) maintains systems of internal accounting controls
sufficient to provide reasonable assurances that (A) transactions are executed in accordance with management s general or
specific authorization; (B) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity
with GAAP and to maintain accountability for assets; (C) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with management s
general or specific authorization; and (D) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with existing assets at reasonable
intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences.   

5.17   Employee
Matters . (a) each of the Partnership Entities is and has been in compliance in all material respects with all Applicable Laws
relating to employment and employment practices, terms and conditions of employment, equal employment opportunity, non-discrimination,
non-harassment, non-retaliation, labor relations, wages, hours of work and overtime, worker classification as employee or independent
contractor or exempt or non-exempt, employment-related immigration and authorization to work in the United States, occupational
safety and health, mine worker safety and health, employee notice of plant closings or mass layoffs, information privacy and security,
and privacy of health information, and is not engaged in any unfair labor practice; (b) there is and has been no unfair labor
practice or similar complaint against any of the Partnership Entities pending before the National Labor Relations Board or other
Governmental Agency; (c) there is and has been no labor strike, dispute, slowdown or stoppage or similar labor problem actually
pending or, to the knowledge of Partnership Parties, threatened against or affecting any of the Partnership Entities; (d) no grievance
proceeding or arbitration Proceeding arising out of or under any collective bargaining agreements to which any Partnership Entity
is a party is or has been pending and no material claim therefor exists; (e) none of the Partnership Entities has experienced
any work stoppage or other organized labor difficulty in the past five (5) years and (f) except as set forth on  Schedule 5.17 ,
there is and has been no litigation or other Proceedings pending between the Partnership Entities and any employees or persons
claiming to be employees nor, to the knowledge of Partnership Parties, is any such litigation or Proceeding threatened. All employees
of the Partnership Entities are authorized to work in the United States. All such employees have been properly treated as employees
and all and are properly classified as exempt or non-exempt under Applicable Law. There are no pending or, to the knowledge of
Partnership Entities, threatened legal, arbitral or administrative suits, actions, investigations or other Proceedings of any
kind and in any forum by a Governmental Authority or by or on behalf of any current or former employee of a Partnership Entity,
applicant, person claiming to be an employee, or any classes of the foregoing, alleging or concerning a violation of, or compliance
with, any of the Applicable Laws referenced above; and there have been no such proceedings in the past five years; and, to the
knowledge of the Partnership Entity, no basis exists for any such proceedings. There is no current or, to the knowledge of Partnership
Entities, threatened legal, arbitral or administrative suits, actions, investigations or other Proceedings of any kind and in
any forum in which any current or former director, officer, or agent of any Partnership Entity is or may be entitled to indemnification.
No Partnership Entity is or has been a party to or subject to, or is currently or has been negotiating in connection with entering
into, any collective bargaining, union, labor or other similar agreement and, to the knowledge of the Partnership Entities, there
currently is no and has not been any organizational campaign, petition or other unionization activity seeking recognition of a
collective bargaining unit relating to any employees of any Partnership Entity. No employees of the Partnership Entities are or
have been represented by any labor organization, union, or group of employees, and no labor organization, union, or group of employees
claims or has claimed to represent a majority of any such employees in a bargaining unit. The Partnership Entities have timely
paid or made provision for payment of, and has properly accrued for in their financial statements, all accrued salaries, wages,
commissions, bonuses, severance pay, and vacation, sick, and other paid leave and compensation or remuneration with respect to
any current or former employees of the Partnership Entities for on account of employment. The Partnership Entities have complied
with the Older Workers  Benefit Protection Act and other Applicable Law with respect to any waivers or releases of liability
obtained by it. The Partnership Entities have timely paid or properly accrued for all wages, salaries, commissions, bonuses, severance
pay, vacation pay, benefits, and any other compensation or remuneration owed to employees or non-employee service providers for
or on account of employment or services rendered. No Partnership Entity is party to, or otherwise bound by, any settlement, consent
decree, order or injunction with respect any employees or non-employee service providers, the terms and conditions of employment
or engagement of any employees or non-employee service providers, or the working conditions of any employees or non-employee service
providers.   

5.18   Consents .
 Schedule 5.18  sets forth each of the consents, approvals, orders, authorizations and waivers of, and declarations, filings
and registrations with, all third parties (including Governmental Authorities) that are necessary or required to permit the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and otherwise to consummate the Exchange (the  Partnership Consents ).   

5.19
   Employee Benefit Plans.   

(a)
   Schedule 5.20(a)  contains a true and complete
list of all employee benefit plans (within the meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA), and all bonus, stock option, unit option, stock
purchase, unit purchase, restricted stock, restricted unit, incentive, equity-based compensation, deferred compensation, disability,
retiree medical, life or other benefits, supplemental retirement or other benefits, supplemental unemployment or income, dependent
care, severance, and other similar fringe or benefit plans, programs or arrangements, and all employment, executive compensation,
termination, severance, change of control or other contracts or agreements written or otherwise maintained or contributed to or
for the benefit of or relating to any current or former employee, officer, director or other service provider of any of the Partnership
Entities or their respective ERISA Affiliates, or with respect to which the Partnership Entities or their respective ERISA Affiliates
have or may have any Liability, contingent or otherwise (collectively, referred to herein as the  Partnership Plans ).
With respect to each Partnership Plan, the Partnership Parties have provided to Holdings accurate and complete copies of (i) all
written documents comprising such plan (including amendments, individual agreements, service agreements, trusts and other funding
agreements), (ii) the three most recent annual returns in the Form 5500 series (including all schedules thereto) filed with respect
to such plan, (iii) the most recent audited financial statement and accountant s report (if required), (iv) the summary
plan description currently in effect and all material modifications thereto (if required), (v) for each such plan which is (or
ever was) intended to qualify under Section 401(a) of the Code, the most recent determination letter or opinion letter issued
by the Internal Revenue Service, (vi) any employee handbook which includes a description of such plan, (vii) any other written
communications to any employee or employees, or to any other individual or individuals, to the extent that the provisions of such
plan described therein differ materially from such provisions as set forth or described in the other information or materials
furnished under this Section, and (viii) any communications with any Governmental Authority related to such plan, other than transmittal
letters and other routine correspondence.  

(b)
  None of the Partnership Entities has any express
or implied commitment (i) to create, incur liability with respect to or cause to exist any other employee benefit plan, program
or arrangement, (ii) to enter into any contract or agreement to provide compensation or benefits to any individual, or (iii) to
modify, change or terminate any Partnership Plan, other than with respect to a modification, change or termination required by
ERISA or the Code.  

(c)
  During the past six years the Partnership Entities
and their respective ERISA Affiliates have not maintained, contributed to or had an obligation to contribute, nor have any Liability,
contingent or otherwise, with respect to (i) a multiemployer plan, within the meaning of Section 3(37) of ERISA, (ii) a plan subject
to Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code, (iii) a multiple employer plan within the meaning of Section 413 of the Code
or Section 4063 or 4064 of ERISA, or (iv) a multiple employer welfare arrangement within the meaning of Section 3(40) of ERISA.
None of the Partnership Plans (i) provides for the payment of separation, severance, termination or similar-type benefits to any
person, (ii) obligates any Partnership Entity to pay separation, severance, or termination benefits or provide other benefits
(including, without limitation, additional accruals or accelerated vesting of options) as a result of the Transaction (either
alone or in connection with any additional or subsequent event or events), or (iii) obligates any Partnership Entity to make any
payment or provide any benefit that could be subject to a tax under Section 4999 of the Code. None of the Partnership Plans provides
for or promises retiree medical, disability or life insurance benefits to any current or former employee, officer, director or
service provider of any Partnership Entity, except for continuation coverage required by Section 4980B of the Code, Sections 601
to 608 of ERISA or applicable state law.  

(d)
  Each Partnership Plan which is intended to be
qualified under Section 401(a) or 401(k) of the Code is so qualified and to the knowledge of the Partnership Parties has always
been so qualified, and if any Partnership Plan was previously not so qualified, such failure shall not affect its current qualified
status nor result in or cause any cost or expense to any Partnership Entity, and there has been no event, condition or circumstance
that has adversely affected or is likely to affect such qualified status. Each Partnership Plan is now operated in all material
respects in accordance with the requirements of Applicable Law, including, without limitation, ERISA and the Code, and, to the
knowledge of the Partnership Parties has always been so operated and if any Partnership Plan was ever previously operated not
in accordance with Applicable Law, including, without limitation, ERISA and the Code, such failure shall not result in any cost
or expense to any Partnership Entity, and each Partnership Entity has performed all obligations required to be performed by it
under such Partnership Plan, is not in any respect in default under or in violation of, and has no knowledge of any default or
violation by any party with respect to, any Partnership Plan.  

(e)
  With respect to each Partnership Plan, there
have been no prohibited transactions, or, to the knowledge of the Partnership Parties, breaches of fiduciary duties that could
result in liability (directly or indirectly) for any Partnership Entity and the consummation of the Transaction will not result
in a prohibited transaction or breach of fiduciary duty.  

(f)
  All contributions to, and payments from, each
Partnership Plan that are required to be made in accordance with the terms of the Partnership Plan and Applicable Law have been
timely made. Any Partnership Plan that provides nonqualified deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code
has been operated in good faith compliance with Section 409A of the Code. The Partnership Entities and their respective ERISA
Affiliates maintain no employee benefit plan, program or arrangement required to comply with the laws of any foreign jurisdiction.  

(g)
  No litigation or claim (other than routine claims
for benefits), and no governmental administrative proceeding, audit or investigation, is pending or, to the knowledge of the Partnership
Entities or their respective ERISA Affiliates, threatened with respect to any Partnership Plan.  

5.20
 Finder s Fees . No Person has, or as a result of the transactions contemplated herein will have, any right or valid
claim against the Partnership Parties for any commission, fee or other compensation as a finder or broker, or in any similar capacity.   

5.21   Regulation .
None of the Partnership Entities is now, or after the consummation of the Exchange and application of the net proceeds thereof
will be, (i) an  investment company  or a company  controlled by  an  investment company 
within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or (ii) a  holding company  or a  subsidiary
company  of a  holding company  or an  affiliate  thereof, within the meaning of the Public Utility
Holding Company Act of 1935, as amended.   

5.22
   Ownership of the GP LLC Interest . Royal
owns, of record and beneficially, and will have good and valid title to and the right to transfer to Holdings pursuant to this
Agreement, the Rhino GP LLC Interest, free and clear of any and all Encumbrances. There are no options, rights, voting trusts,
stockholder agreements or any other contracts or understandings to which Royal will be a party or by which Royal or the GP LLC
Interest, will be bound with respect to the issuance, sale, transfer, voting or registration thereof. At the Closing Date, Holdings
will acquire good, valid and marketable title to the GP LLC Interest, free and clear of any and all Encumbrances.  

5.23
   Investigation . Rhino and Rhino GP have
conducted their own independent investigation, review and analysis of Armstrong and its assets and business. Rhino and Rhino GP
acknowledge and agree that in making their respective decisions to enter into this Agreement and to consummate the transactions
contemplated hereby, (a) Rhino and Rhino GP have relied solely upon their own investigation and the express representations and
warranties of Armstrong and Holdings set forth in  Section IV ; and (b) neither Holdings nor any other Person has made any
representation or warranty as to Armstrong, its business or its assets, except as expressly set forth in  Section V .  

SECTION
VI.  

   INDEMNIFICATION   

6.1
   Indemnification by Rhino and Rhino GP .
Subject to the limitations set forth in this Agreement, Rhino GP and Rhino jointly and severally, agree to indemnify and defend
Holdings, its Affiliates and their respective Representatives (collectively, the   Holdings Related Parties  )
against, and hold each of them harmless from, any and all losses, actions, suits, proceedings (including any investigations, litigation
or inquiries), demands and causes of action, and, in connection therewith, and promptly upon demand, pay or reimburse each of
them for all reasonable costs, losses, Liabilities, Taxes, penalties, fines, interests, deficiencies, damages, costs or expenses
of any kind or nature whatsoever, including, the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel and all other reasonable expenses
incurred in connection with investigating, defending or preparing to defend any such matter (each, a   Loss  )
that may be suffered, sustained or incurred by any Holdings Related Party or asserted against any Holdings Related Party as a
result of, arising out of, in connection with or in any way related to (i) the breach or inaccuracy of any of the representations
or warranties of Rhino, Rhino GP or Royal contained herein or in any of the Transaction Documents or (ii) the breach of any covenant
or agreement of Rhino, Rhino GP or Royal contained herein or in the Transaction Documents;  provided ,  however , in
each case, that any such claim for indemnification is made prior to the expiration of such representation, warranty, covenant
or agreement (it being understood that for purposes of determining when an indemnification claim has been made, the date upon
which a Holdings Related Party has given notice (stating in reasonable detail, to the extent known, the basis of the claim for
indemnification) to Rhino shall constitute the date upon which such claim has been made).  

6.2
   Indemnification by Holdings . Subject to
the limitations set forth in this Agreement, Holdings agrees to indemnify and defend the Rhino Group and its respective Representatives
(other than any such Representative that is also a Representative of Holdings) (collectively, the   Rhino Related Parties  )
against, and hold each of them harmless from, any and all Losses that may be suffered, sustained or incurred by any Rhino Related
Party or asserted against any Rhino Related Party as a result of, arising out of, in connection with or in any way related to
(i) the breach or inaccuracy of any of the representations or warranties of Holdings contained herein or in any of the Transaction
Documents or (ii) the breach of any covenant or agreement of Holdings contained herein or in the Transaction Documents;  provided ,
 however , that such claim for indemnification relating to a breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement
is made prior to the expiration of such representation or warranty (it being understood that for purposes of determining when
an indemnification claim has been made, the date upon which a Rhino Related Party has given notice (stating in reasonable detail,
to the extent known, the basis of the claim for indemnification) to Holdings shall constitute the date upon which such claim has
been made).  

6.3
   Indemnification Procedure .  

(a)
  Promptly after any Holdings Related Party or
any Rhino Related Party (hereafter, the   Indemnified Party  ) discovers facts giving rise to a claim for indemnification
hereunder, including receipt by it of notice of any indemnifiable claim hereunder, or the commencement of any action, suit or
proceeding by a third Person (a   Third Party Claim  ), which the Indemnified Party believes in good faith is
an indemnifiable claim under this Agreement, the Indemnified Party shall give the indemnifying party hereunder (the   Indemnifying
Party  ) written notice of such claim or the commencement of such action, suit or proceeding. Failure to so notify the
Indemnifying Party will not relieve the Indemnifying Party from any liability it may have to such Indemnified Party hereunder
except to the extent (and then only to the extent) that the Indemnifying Party can demonstrate that the Indemnifying Party s
rights and obligations pursuant to this  Section VI  are materially and actually prejudiced by such failure. Such notice
shall state the nature and the basis of such claim to the extent then known and shall include a formal demand for indemnification
under this Agreement. The Indemnifying Party shall have the right to defend and settle any such matter, at its own expense and
by its own counsel; provided, however, that the Indemnifying Party (i) promptly notifies the Indemnified Party of its intention
to do so and acknowledges its indemnification obligations pursuant to this  Section VI  in writing to the Indemnified Party
and (ii) pursues such defense (or, if applicable, settlement) diligently and in good faith. If the Indemnifying Party undertakes
to defend or settle such claim, the Indemnified Party shall cooperate with the Indemnifying Party and its counsel in all commercially
reasonable respects in the defense thereof and the settlement thereof. Such cooperation shall include furnishing the Indemnifying
Party with any books, records and other information reasonably requested by the Indemnifying Party and in the Indemnified Party s
possession or control. Such cooperation of the Indemnified Party shall be at the sole cost of the Indemnifying Party. After the
Indemnifying Party has notified the Indemnified Party of its intention to undertake to defend or settle any such matter, and for
so long as the Indemnifying Party diligently pursues such defense, the Indemnifying Party shall not be liable for any additional
legal expenses incurred by the Indemnified Party in connection with any defense or settlement of such asserted liability; provided,
however, that the Indemnified Party shall be entitled (x) at its expense, to participate in the defense of such matter and the
negotiations of the settlement thereof and (y) if (i) the Indemnifying Party has failed to assume the defense and employ counsel
within 30 days of when the Indemnified Party has provided written notice of such claim for indemnification or fails to diligently
and in good faith pursue the defense thereof or (ii) if counsel to the Indemnified Party shall have concluded that there may be
reasonable defenses available to the Indemnified Party that are different from or in addition to those available to the Indemnifying
Party or if the interests of the Indemnified Party reasonably may be deemed to conflict with the interests of the Indemnifying
Party, then the Indemnified Party shall have the right to select a separate counsel and to assume such legal defense and otherwise
to participate in the defense of such action, with the expenses and fees of such separate counsel and other expenses related to
such participation to be reimbursed by the Indemnifying Party as incurred.  

(b)
  Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement,
the Indemnifying Party shall not settle any indemnified claim or otherwise enter into any final conclusion with respect to such
claim without the prior written consent of the Indemnified Party (i) if the settlement thereof (A) imposes any Liability or obligation
on, (B) does not include a complete and unconditional release from Liability of or (C) contains any admission of wrongdoing by,
the Indemnified Party or (ii) that subjects the Indemnified Party to any non-monetary or other equitable relief or criminal liability
or imposes any other obligation on or requires any payment from the Indemnified Party.  

6.4
   Limitations and Other Indemnity Claim Matters .  

(a)
  No Indemnifying Party shall have any obligation
to indemnify any Indemnified Party against, or reimburse any Indemnified Party for, any Loss or series of related Losses pursuant
to  Section 6.1(i) , with respect to Rhino (other than the representation and warranties contained in  Sections 5.1 ,
 5.2 ,  5.3 ,  5.4 ,  5.10 ,  5.18 ,  5.20  and  5.21 ) or pursuant to  Section 6.2(i) ,
with respect to Holdings until (i) each such individual Loss exceeds $20,000 and (ii) the aggregate amount of all such Losses
exceeds $100,000, in which event the Indemnifying Party shall be liable for all such Losses from the first dollar.  

(b)
  Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary,
in no event shall (i) the Rhino Group be liable to any Holdings Related Party for any Loss or series of related Losses pursuant
to  Section 6.1(i)  in excess of $1,000,000 or (ii) Holdings be liable to any Rhino Related Party for any Loss or series
of related Losses pursuant to  Section 6.2(i)  in excess of $1,000,000, as applicable.  

(c)
  For purposes of the indemnification obligations
contained in this  Section VI , when determining whether a breach or inaccuracy of any representation, warranty or covenant
has occurred, and when calculating the amount of Losses incurred arising out of or relating to any such breach or inaccuracy,
all references to  material ,  materially ,  materiality  or  material adverse effect 
or similar or correlative terms shall be disregarded.  

(d)
  Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary,
in no event will the limitations set forth in this  Section 6.4  apply (i) in the event of fraud or willful misconduct by
any Indemnifying Party or (ii) with respect to any Loss or series of related Losses as a result of, arising out of or in any way
related to breaches of covenants or agreements contained in this Agreement or the Transaction Documents.  

6.5
   Survival . Subject to the limitations and
other provisions of this Agreement, the representations and warranties contained herein and in the other Transaction Documents
shall survive the Closing and shall remain in full force and effect until the date that is 18 months from the Closing Date.  

SECTION
VII.   

   CONDITIONS
TO CLOSING   

7.1
   Conditions to Each Party s Obligations .
The respective obligations of each party hereto to effect the transactions contemplated hereby shall be subject to the satisfaction
(or waiver, if permissible under Applicable Law) on or prior to the Closing Date of the following conditions:  

(a)
   Government Approvals . All material consents,
waivers, and approvals, of any Governmental Authority that are required in connection with the execution and delivery of this
Agreement or any other Transaction Document have been obtained and any and all notices to any Governmental Authority have been
given.  

(b)
   No Injunctions or Restraints . No Applicable
Law or Order, enacted, promulgated, issued, entered, amended or enforced by any Governmental Authority (collectively,   Restraints  )
shall be in effect enjoining, restraining, preventing or prohibiting consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or making
the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby illegal.  

7.2
   Conditions to Holdings  Obligations .
The obligations of Holdings to effect the Exchange shall be subject to the satisfaction (or waiver, if permissible under Applicable
Law) on or prior to the Closing Date of the following conditions:  

(a)
 Representations and Warranties of Rhino and Rhino GP . The representations and warranties of Rhino and Rhino GP contained
in Section V   shall  be
true and correct in all respects, in each case both as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date, as if made at
and as of such time, except to the extent that Section V specifies that such representations and warranties are made as of a particular
date.   

(b)
 Performance of Obligations of Rhino and Rhino GP   .
Rhino and Rhino GP shall have performed in all material respects all obligations required to be performed by it under this Agreement
at or prior to the Closing.  

(c)
   Agreement with Armstrong s Bondholders  .
Armstrong and Rhino and Armstrong s bondholders shall enter into an agreement  to restructure  outstanding
bonds in a manner that is acceptable to Holdings (the   Bondholder Agreement  ).   

(d)
   Admission of Holdings as Partner.  Rhino
shall take all action necessary to admit Holdings as a partner of Rhino effective as of the Closing.  

(e)
   Admission of Holdings as Member.  Rhino
GP shall take all action necessary to admit Holdings as a member of Rhino GP effective as of the Closing.  

(f)
   Rhino Units . Rhino shall have delivered
to Holdings certificates representing the New Rhino LP Units and Rhino GP shall have delivered to Holdings evidence, to Holdings 
satisfaction, of the issuance of the Rhino GP LLC Interest, in each case, free and clear of all Encumbrances other than Permitted
Encumbrances.  

(g)
   Rhino Credit Agreement . Rhino shall have
complied with all obligations under the Credit Facility and no further consents or amendments to such Credit Agreement shall be
required by the lenders under the Credit Facility.  

(h)
   Rhino Closing Certificate . Holdings shall
have received a certificate, dated the Closing Date and signed by a duly authorized officer of Rhino GP and a duly authorized
officer of Rhino, that each of the conditions set forth in  Section 7.2(a)  and  Section 7.2(b)  have been satisfied.  

(i)
   Rhino Incumbency Certificate . Holdings
shall have received a certificate of the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary (or equivalent officer) of Rhino GP and Rhino certifying
the names and signatures of the officers of Rhino GP and Rhino authorized to sign this Agreement, the Transaction Documents and
the other documents to be delivered hereunder and thereunder.  

(j)
   Approval . Holdings has received evidence
of the approval of any conflicts as a results of the transaction contemplated by this Agreement to its satisfaction, which may
include:  

A.  
      the
    Limited Partner Approval of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, as would be required under the rules of the New
    York Stock Exchange for a company listed thereon; or   

B.  
      either
    (1) the approval of a majority of the minority of the limited partners of Rhino of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement;
    or (2) the approval of the Conflicts Committee of the Rhino Board of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, in either
    case to Holdings satisfaction.   

7.3
   Conditions to Rhino s Obligations .
The obligations of Rhino to effect the Exchange shall be subject to the satisfaction (or waiver, if permissible under Applicable
Law) on or prior to the Closing Date of the following conditions:  

(a)
 Representations and Warranties of Holdings . The representations and warranties of Holdings contained in  Section IV 
shall be true and correct in all respects, in each case both as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date, as if
made at and as of such time, except to the extent that  Section IV  specifies that such representations and warranties are
made as of a particular date.  

(b)
 Performance of Obligations of Holdings   .
Holdings shall have performed in all material respects all obligations  required  to be performed
by it under this Agreement at or prior to the Closing.  

(c)
   Stock Power and Assignment . Holdings shall
execute and deliver a Stock Power and Assignment for the transfer of the  Exchange  Shares
to Rhino.  

(d)
   Debt Refinancing . Holdings and Rhino shall
have arranged for the refinancing of the outstanding debt under the Credit Facility on terms and conditions acceptable to Rhino
and Rhino GP.  

(e)
   Rhino Credit Agreement . Rhino shall have
received all consents required under the Credit Facility on terms satisfactory to Rhino in its sole and absolute discretion.  

(f)
   Rhino Board Approval . Rhino shall have
received the approval and consent of the Board of Directors of Rhino GP, which board is the acting management of Rhino ( the
 Rhino Board ), satisfactory to Rhino in its sole and absolute discretion.  

(g)
   Financial Consolidation . Royal shall be
satisfied that it will maintain its ability after Closing to consolidate the financial results of Rhino in accordance with the
GAAP accounting guidelines contained in Accounting Standards Codification Topic 810.  

(h)
   Holdings Closing Certificate . Rhino shall
have received a certificate, dated the Closing Date and signed by a duly authorized officer of Holdings, that each of the conditions
set forth in  Section 7.3(a)  and  Section 7.3(b)  have been satisfied.  

(i)
   Holdings Incumbency Certificate . Rhino
shall have received a certificate of the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary (or equivalent officer) of Holdings certifying the
names and signatures of the officers of Holdings authorized to sign this Agreement, the Transaction Documents and the other documents
to be delivered hereunder and thereunder.  

7.4
   Frustration of the Closing Conditions .
None of the parties hereto may rely on the failure of any condition set forth in this  Section VII  to be satisfied if such
failure was caused by such party s failure to use its reasonable best efforts to consummate the Exchange and the other transactions
contemplated hereby, or other breach of or noncompliance with this Agreement; provided, however, that no party shall be obligated
to pay any sum of money or enter into any agreement not satisfactory to such party in commercially reasonable discretion in connection
with the satisfaction of any closing condition contained herein; provided, further, that all parties hereto shall take commercially
reasonable efforts to satisfy all of the conditions to the Closing of this Agreement.  

SECTION
VIII.  
 COVENANTS  

8.1
  Conduct of Business Prior to the Closing. From
the date hereof until the Closing, except as otherwise provided in this Agreement or consented to in writing by Holdings (which
consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed), the Partnership Entities shall (x) conduct their respective businesses
in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice; and (y) use reasonable best efforts to maintain and preserve
intact the current organization, business and franchise of the Partnership Entities and to preserve the rights, franchises, goodwill
and relationships of its employees, customers, lenders, suppliers, regulators and others having business relationships with the
Partnership Entities. Without limiting the foregoing, from the date hereof until the Closing Date, the Partnership Entities shall:  

(a)
preserve and maintain all of their respective permits;  

(b)
pay their respective debts, Taxes and other obligations when due;  

(c)
maintain the properties and assets owned, operated or used by the Partnership Entities in the same condition as they were on the
date of this Agreement, subject to reasonable wear and tear;  

(d)
continue in full force and effect without modification all insurance policies, except as required by Applicable Law;  

(e)
defend and protect their respective properties and assets from infringement or usurpation;  

(f)
perform all of its obligations under all Contracts relating to or affecting their respective properties, assets or business;  

(g)
maintain its books and records in accordance with past practice;  

(h)
comply in all material respects with all Applicable Laws; and  

(i)
not take or permit any action that would cause any of the changes, events or conditions described in  Section 5.9  (Absence
of Certain Changes) to occur.  

8.2
   Notice of Certain Rhino Events .  

(a)
  From the date hereof until the Closing, Rhino
shall promptly notify Holdings in writing of:  

(i)
  any fact, circumstance, event or action the existence,
occurrence or taking of which (A) has had, or could reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a material
adverse effect, (B) has resulted in, or could reasonably be expected to result in, any representation or warranty made by Rhino
or Rhino GP hereunder not being true and correct or (C) has resulted in, or could reasonably be expected to result in, the failure
of any of the conditions set forth in  Section 7.2  to be satisfied:  

(ii)
any notice or other communication from any Person alleging that the consent of such Person is or may be required in connection
with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents;  

(iii)
any notice or other communication from any Governmental Authority in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement;
and  

(iv)
any Actions commenced or, to the knowledge of Rhino, threatened against, relating to or involving or otherwise affecting the Partnership
Entities that, if pending on the date of this Agreement, would have been required to have been disclosed or that relates to the
consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.  

(b)
  Holdings  receipt of information pursuant
to this  Section 8.2  shall not operate as a waiver or otherwise affect any representation, warranty or agreement given or
made by Holdings in this Agreement and shall not be deemed to amend or supplement the Disclosure Schedules.  

8.3
   Notice of Certain Holdings Events .  

(a)
  From the date hereof until the Closing, Holdings
shall promptly notify Rhino in writing of:  

(i)
any fact, circumstance, event or action the existence, occurrence or taking of which (A) has had, or could reasonably be expected
to have, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect, (B) has resulted in, or could reasonably be expected to
result in, any representation or warranty made by Holdings hereunder not being true and correct or (C) has resulted in, or could
reasonably be expected to result in, the failure of any of the conditions set forth in  Section 7.3  to be satisfied:  

(ii)
any notice or other communication from any Person alleging that the consent of such Person is or may be required in connection
with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents;  

(iii)
any notice or other communication from any Governmental Authority in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement;
and  

(iv)
any Actions commenced or, to the knowledge of Holdings, threatened against, relating to or involving or otherwise affecting Holdings
that, if pending on the date of this Agreement, would have been required to have been disclosed or that relates to the consummation
of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.  

(b)
  Rhino s receipt of information pursuant
to this Section 8.3 shall not operate as a waiver or otherwise affect any representation, warranty or agreement given or made
by Rhino in this Agreement and shall not be deemed to amend or supplement the Disclosure Schedules.  

8.4
   Closing Conditions . From the date hereof
until the Closing, each party hereto shall use reasonable best efforts to take such actions as are necessary to expeditiously
satisfy the closing conditions set forth in  Section VII .  

8.5
   Public Announcements . Unless otherwise
required by Applicable Law or stock exchange requirements (based upon the reasonable advice of counsel), no party to this Agreement
shall make any public announcements in respect of this Agreement, the other Transaction Documents or the transactions contemplated
hereby or thereby or otherwise communicate with any news media without the prior written consent of the other parties (which consent
shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed), and the parties shall cooperate as to the timing and contents of any such announcement.  

8.6
   Further Assurances . Following the Closing,
each of the parties hereto shall, and shall cause their respective Affiliates to, execute and deliver such additional documents,
instruments, conveyances and assurances and take such further actions as may be reasonably required to carry out the provisions
hereof and give effect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The parties agree that to the extent an issuance of
the New GP LLC Interest by Rhino GP would result in a more favorable tax treatment to Holdings, the parties will negotiate in
good faith to effectuate an issuance of the New GP LLC Interest rather than a transfer of such interest from Royal.  

8.7
   Tax Matters Covenants . For U.S. federal
income tax purposes, the parties intend for the Exchange to qualify as a nontaxable transfer within the meaning of Section 721
of the Code. The parties agree to file all Tax Returns with the foregoing treatment of this transaction and to take no position
inconsistent with such treatment.  

8.8
   Registration Rights . Rhino agrees that
upon the request of Holdings, Rhino will enter into a registration rights agreement with Holdings. Such registration rights agreement
shall provide no less than two (2) demand registration rights on Form S-3 for Holdings (one (1) of which demand registration rights
may be satisfied by a shelf registration statement on Form S-3), and shall provide for an unlimited number of piggy-back rights,
each subject to standard terms and conditions. Such registration rights agreement shall also provide that Holdings shall have
the right to demand registration on Form S-1; provided that Holdings owns at least 10% of the outstanding Common Units at the
time of such demand.  

SECTION
XI.  

TERMINATION  

9.1
   Termination . This Agreement may be terminated
and the transactions contemplated hereby abandoned at any time prior to the Closing Date:  

(a)  
      By
    the mutual written consent of Rhino and Holdings;   

(b)  
      By
    either Rhino or Holdings by written notice to the other party;   

(ii)  
      if
    the Closing shall not have been consummated on or before December 31, 2016;  provided , that the right to terminate this
    Agreement under this  Section 9.1(b)(i)  shall not be available to a party (A) if the inability to satisfy any closing
    condition in  Section VII  was due to the failure of such party to perform any of its obligations under this Agreement
    or (B) if the other party has filed (and is then pursuing) an action seeking specific performance;   

(iii)  
      if
    any Restraint having the effect set forth in  Section 7.1(b)  shall be in effect and shall have become final and nonappealable;
     provided , however, that the right to terminate this Agreement under this  Section 8.1(b)(ii)  shall not be available
    to a party if such Restraint was due to the failure of such party to perform any of its obligations under this Agreement;
    or   

(iv)  
      if
    a meeting of the Rhino Board shall have concluded and the approval of the Rhino Board shall not have been obtained, or if
    such approval has not been obtained by the written consent pursuant to the Rhino LP Agreement.   

(v)  
      if
    the lenders under the Credit Facility fail to approve the Exchange or any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
    or the other Transaction Documents.   

(vi)  
      if
    any Applicable Law makes consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents
    illegal or otherwise prohibited, or any Governmental Authority shall have issued an Order restraining or enjoining the transactions
    contemplated by this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents, and such Order shall have become final and non-appealable.   

9.2
   Effect of Termination . In the event of
the termination of this Agreement as provided in  Section 9.1 , written notice thereof shall be given to the other parties,
specifying the provision of this Agreement pursuant to which such termination is made, and this Agreement shall forthwith become
null and void (other than the provisions in  Section 9.2  and the provisions in Article X, all of which shall survive termination
of this Agreement), and there shall be no liability on the part of any party hereto or their respective directors, managers officers
and Affiliates, except that nothing shall relieve any party hereto for fraud or a willful breach of any covenant or other agreement
contained in this Agreement.  

SECTION
X.  
 GENERAL PROVISIONS  

10.1
   Expenses . All fees and expenses incurred
in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby including all legal, accounting, financial advisory, consulting and all
other fees and expenses of third parties incurred by a party in connection with the negotiation and effectuation of the terms
and conditions of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, shall be the obligation of the respective party incurring
such fees and expenses.  

10.2
   Notices . All notices, requests and other
communications to any party hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been given (a) when delivered by hand (with
written confirmation of receipt); (b) when received by the addressee if sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier (receipt
requested); (c) on the date sent by facsimile or e-mail of a PDF document (with confirmation of transmission) if sent during normal
business hours of the recipient, and on the next business day if sent after normal business hours of the recipient or (d) on the
third day after the date mailed, by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid. Such communications
must be sent to the respective parties at the following addresses (or at such other address for a party as shall be specified
in a notice given in accordance with this  Section 9.2 )::  

If
to Holdings, to:  

  Rhino
Resources Partners Holdings LLC  

  410
Park Ave., 19 th  Floor  

  New
York, New York 10022  

  Fax
No.: ________________  

  Attn:
Bryan R. Lawrence  

with
a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:  

Thompson
  Knight LLP  

  One
Arts Plaza, 1722 Routh Street, Ste. 1500  

  Dallas,
TX 75201  

  Fax
No.: (214) 999-9001  

  Email:
AnnMarie.Cowdrey@tklaw.com  

  Attn:
Ann Marie Cowdrey  

  If
to Rhino or Rhino GP, to:  

  424
Lewis Hargett Circle  

  Lexington,
Kentucky 40503  

  Fax
No.: ________________  

  Attn:
Whitney Kegley  

10.3
   Further Assurances . The parties agree
(a) to furnish upon request to each other such further information, (b) to execute and deliver to each other such other documents,
and (c) to do such other acts and things, all as the other party may reasonably request for the purpose of carrying out the intent
of this Agreement and the documents referred to in this Agreement.  

10.4
   Waiver . The rights and remedies of the
parties to this Agreement are cumulative and not alternative. Neither the failure nor any delay by any party in exercising any
right, power, or privilege under this Agreement or the documents referred to in this Agreement will operate as a waiver of such
right, power, or privilege, and no single or partial exercise of any such right, power, or privilege will preclude any other or
further exercise of such right, power, or privilege or the exercise of any other right, power, or privilege. To the maximum extent
permitted by Applicable Laws, (a) no claim or right arising out of this Agreement or the documents referred to in this Agreement
can be discharged by one party, in whole or in part, by a waiver or renunciation of the claim or right unless in writing signed
by the other party; (b) no waiver that may be given by a party will be applicable except in the specific instance for which it
is given; and (c) no notice to or demand on one party will be deemed to be a waiver of any obligation of such party or of the
right of the party giving such notice or demand to take further action without notice or demand as provided in this Agreement
or the documents referred to in this Agreement.  

10.5
   Entire Agreement and Modification . This
Agreement supersedes all prior agreements between the parties with respect to its subject matter and constitutes (along with the
documents referred to in this Agreement) a complete and exclusive statement of the terms of the agreement between the parties
with respect to its subject matter. This Agreement may not be amended except by a written agreement executed by the party against
whom the enforcement of such amendment is sought.  

10.6
   Assignments, Successors, and No Third-Party
Rights . No party may assign any of its rights under this Agreement without the prior written consent of the other parties.
Subject to the preceding sentence, this Agreement will apply to, be binding in all respects upon, and inure to the benefit of
and be enforceable by the respective successors and permitted assigns of the parties. Except as otherwise provided for herein,
nothing expressed or referred to in this Agreement will be construed to give any Person other than the parties to this Agreement
any legal or equitable right, remedy, or claim under or with respect to this Agreement or any provision of this Agreement. This
Agreement and all of its provisions and conditions are for the sole and exclusive benefit of the parties to this Agreement and
their successors and assigns.  

10.7
   Severability . If any provision of this
Agreement is held invalid or unenforceable by any court of competent jurisdiction, the other provisions of this Agreement will
remain in full force and effect. Any provision of this Agreement held invalid or unenforceable only in part or degree will remain
in full force and effect to the extent not held invalid or unenforceable. Upon such determination that any term or other provision
is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced, the parties hereto shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement
so as to effect the original intent of the parties as closely as possible to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law in
an acceptable manner to the end that the transactions contemplated hereby are fulfilled to the extent possible.  

10.8
   Section Headings, Construction . (a) When
a reference is made in this Agreement to a Section or Schedule, such reference shall be to a Section of or Schedule to this Agreement
unless otherwise indicated. The table of contents and headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and
shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. Whenever the words  include,   includes 
or  including  are used in this Agreement, they shall be deemed to be followed by the words  without limitation. 
The words  hereof,   herein  and  hereunder  and words of similar import when used in this
Agreement shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement. All terms defined in
this Agreement shall have the defined meanings when used in any certificate or other document made or delivered pursuant hereto
unless otherwise defined therein. The definitions contained in this Agreement are applicable to the singular as well as the plural
forms of such terms and to the masculine as well as to the feminine and neuter genders of such term. Any agreement, instrument
or statute defined or referred to herein or in any agreement or instrument that is referred to herein means such agreement, instrument
or statute as from time to time amended, modified or supplemented, including (in the case of agreements or instruments) by waiver
or consent and (in the case of statutes) by succession of comparable successor statutes and references to all attachments thereto
and instruments incorporated therein. References to a Person are also to its permitted successors and assigns.  

10.9
   Governing Law; Submission to Jurisdiction;
Waiver of Jury Trial .  

(a)
  This Agreement will be governed by the laws of
the State of Delaware without regard to conflicts of laws principles.  

(b)
  ANY LEGAL SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING
OUT OF OR BASED UPON THIS AGREEMENT, THE OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY MAY BE
INSTITUTED IN THE FEDERAL COURTS OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA OR THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE, AND EACH PARTY IRREVOCABLY
SUBMITS TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF SUCH COURTS IN ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING. SERVICE OF PROCESS, SUMMONS, NOTICE
OR OTHER DOCUMENT BY MAIL TO SUCH PARTY S ADDRESS SET FORTH HEREIN SHALL BE EFFECTIVE SERVICE OF PROCESS FOR ANY SUIT, ACTION
OR OTHER PROCEEDING BROUGHT IN ANY SUCH COURT. THE PARTIES IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVE ANY OBJECTION TO THE LAYING OF
VENUE OF ANY SUIT, ACTION OR ANY PROCEEDING IN SUCH COURTS AND IRREVOCABLY WAIVE AND AGREE NOT TO PLEAD OR CLAIM IN ANY SUCH COURT
THAT ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING BROUGHT IN ANY SUCH COURT HAS BEEN BROUGHT IN AN INCONVENIENT FORUM.  

(c)
  EACH PARTY ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT ANY CONTROVERSY
WHICH MAY ARISE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT OR THE OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS IS LIKELY TO INVOLVE COMPLICATED AND DIFFICULT ISSUES
AND, THEREFORE, EACH SUCH PARTY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF
ANY LEGAL ACTION ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, THE OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED
HEREBY OR THEREBY. EACH PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT CERTIFIES AND ACKNOWLEDGES THAT (A) NO REPRESENTATIVE OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED,
EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER IN THE EVENT OF A LEGAL ACTION, (B)
SUCH PARTY HAS CONSIDERED THE IMPLICATIONS OF THIS WAIVER, (C) SUCH PARTY MAKES THIS WAIVER VOLUNTARILY, AND (D) SUCH PARTY HAS
BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS  SECTION 9.9(c) .  

10.10
   Specific Performance . The parties agree
that irreparable damage would occur if any provision of this Agreement were not performed in accordance with the terms hereof
and that the parties shall be entitled to specific performance of the terms hereof, in addition to any other remedy to which they
are entitled at law or in equity.  

10.11
   Legal Representation . The parties hereto
acknowledge that Holdings has selected Thompson   Knight LLP and Rhino and Rhino GP have selected other counsel as their respective
legal counsel in connection with the preparation of this Agreement. Each party acknowledges that such respective counsel of Holdings
and Rhino has not represented such party in connection with the preparation and negotiation of this Agreement, and such counsel
shall owe no duties directly to any such party. Each party confirms that such party has been advised to consult with such party s
own legal, financial and tax advisors regarding the implications of this transaction and has been afforded the opportunity to
consult with advisors that such party deems advisable in connection with the negotiations and execution of this Agreement.  

10.12
   Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed
in one or more counterparts, each of which will be deemed to be an original copy of this Agreement and all of which, when taken
together, will be deemed to constitute one and the same agreement. A signed copy of this Agreement delivered by facsimile, e-mail
or other means of electronic transmission shall be deemed to have the same legal effect as delivery of an original signed copy
of this Agreement.  

[Signature
pages follows.]  

SIGNATURE
PAGES  

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed and delivered this Equity Exchange Agreement as of the date first written above.  

Holdings:    

RHINO
    RESOURCE PARTNERS HOLDINGS LLC   

By:  
       /s/
    Bryan R. Lawrence    

Name:
      
      Bryan
    R. Lawrence   

Title:
      
      Member

Equity Exchange Agreement   Signature Page   

Rhino:    

RHINO
    RESOURCE PARTNERS LP   

By:
    Rhino GP LLC, its general partner   

By:
      
       /s/
    Richard A. Boone    

Name:
      
      Richard
    A. Boone   

Title:
      
      President   

Rhino
    GP:    

RHINO
    GP LLC   

By:
      
       /s/
    William L Tuorto    

Name:
      
      William
    L Tuorto   

Title:
      
      Executive
    Chairman   

Royal
    :    

ROYAL
    ENERGY RESOURCES, INC.   

By:
      
       /s/
    William L Tuorto    

Name:
      
      William
    L Tuorto   

Title:
      
      Chief
    Executive Officer   

Equity Exchange Agreement   Signature Page   

</EX-2.2>

<EX-2.3>
 3
 ex2-3.htm

MEMBERSHIP
INTEREST PURCHASE AGREEMENT   

This
is a Membership Interest Purchase Agreement (this  Agreement ), dated as of August 22, 2016 (the  Effective
Date ), by and among Elk Horn Coal Acquisition LLC, a Delaware limited liability company ( Buyer ) and Rhino
Energy LLC, a Delaware limited liability company ( Seller ), the sole member of The Elk Horn Coal Company, LLC, a
Delaware limited liability company (the  Company ).  

WHEREAS
Seller owns one hundred percent (100%) of the membership interests of the Company and desires to sell to Buyer, and Buyer desires
to purchase from Seller, one hundred percent (100%) of the membership interests of the Company, pursuant to the terms and conditions
set forth in this Agreement; and  

NOW,
THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged by each of the parties to this Agreement,
the parties agree as follows:  

ARTICLE
1  
  Definitions and Rules of Interpretation   

1.1
 Definitions . As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings:  

(a)
 Acquisition Documents  shall mean this Agreement, the Employment Agreement between the Company and Joseph Funk, and
all other agreements, certificates, opinions, instruments or documents contemplated by, required by or referred to in, this Agreement
related to the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.  

(b)
 Action  means any claim, action, cause of action, demand, lawsuit, arbitration, inquiry, audit, notice of violation,
proceeding, litigation, citation, summons, subpoena or investigation of any nature, civil, criminal, administrative, regulatory
or otherwise, whether at law or in equity.  

(c)
 Additional Compensation Payments  means any and all bonus payments, change of control payments, retention payments,
incentive compensation payments, severance payments, service award payments or other similar payments payable by the Company or
any of the Company Subsidiaries to any of the Company s or the Company Subsidiaries  employees, officers, managers
or directors, at or before the Closing Date or as a result of, or in connection with, the consummation of the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement or the other Acquisition Documents, plus the amount of any payroll taxes or similar amounts incurred by the
Company in connection with such payments.  

(d)
 Affiliate  of a Person means any other Person which, directly or indirectly, controls, is controlled by, or is under
common control with, such Person. The term  control  (including, with correlative meaning, the terms  controlled
by  and  under common control with ), as used with respect to any Person, means the possession, directly or
indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person, whether through the ownership
of voting securities, by Contract or otherwise.  Agreement  shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble.  

(e)
 Allocation Schedule  shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.9.  

(f)
 Balance Sheet  shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.5.  

(g)
 Balance Sheet Date  means July 31, 2016.  

(h)
 Books and Records  shall mean originals, or where not available, copies, of all books and records, including, but
not limited to, books of account, ledgers and general, financial and accounting records, maintenance files, research and development
files, records and data (including all correspondence with any Governmental or Regulatory Authority), strategic plans, internal
financial statements, material and research and files relating to the Company s Intellectual Property.  

(i)
 Bonds  shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.16.  

(j)
 Business  means the business and operations of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries, as conducted by the Company
and the Company Subsidiaries as of the date of this Agreement.  

(k)
 Business Days  shall mean all days other than any Saturday, Sunday or legal holiday in Lexington, Kentucky or New
York, New York.  

(l)
 Buyer Breach Claim  shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10.4(b).  

(m)
 Buyer Indemnified Taxes  means liabilities of the Company for Taxes of the Company for any Post-Closing Tax Period.  

(n)
 Charter Documents  shall include, as applicable, articles of incorporation, certificate of incorporation, articles
of organization, certificate of formation, certificate of limited partnership, bylaws, operating agreement, limited liability
company agreement, partnership agreement, limited partnership agreement, limited liability partnership agreement or any comparable
organizational or governing documents.  

(o)
 Claim  shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10.5.  

(p)
 Closing  shall mean the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement in accordance with the provisions
hereof.  

(q)
 Closing Date  shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9.1.  

(r)
 Code  means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.  

(s)
 Company  shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble.  

(t)
 Company Bond Claim  shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10.2(f).  

(u)
 Company Breach Claim  shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10.2(a).  

(v)
 Company Contracts  shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.10.  

(w)
 Company Disclosure Letter  shall have the meaning set forth in Article 4.  

(x)
 Company Fraud Claim  shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10.2(b).  

(y)
 Company Indemnified Taxes  means liabilities of the Company for Taxes of the Company for any Pre-Closing Tax Period.  

(z)
 Company s Intellectual Property  shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.17.  

(aa)
 Company Material Adverse Effect  means any change, event, occurrence, circumstance or development which, individually
or in the aggregate, (a) has a material adverse effect on the financial condition, properties, assets, liabilities, business or
results of operations of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries, taken as a whole;  provided  that none of the following,
in and of itself or themselves, shall constitute a Company Material Adverse Effect: (i) changes in the economy or financial markets
generally in the United States or other countries in which the Company or the Company Subsidiaries conduct material operations;
(ii) any loss or threatened loss of, or adverse change in, the relationship of the Company or the Company Subsidiaries with its
customers, employees or suppliers caused by the pendency or the announcement of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement;
(iii) changes in GAAP after the date of this Agreement; (iv) changes that are the result of factors generally affecting the coal
industry in the geographic areas in which the Company and the Company Subsidiaries operate including the price of coal); (v) the
announcement of the execution of this Agreement or the performance of the obligations under this Agreement; (vi) changes in any
applicable Law, rule or regulation or the application thereof; (vii) the commencement, occurrence, continuation or escalation
of any war, armed hostility or acts of terrorism; and (viii) any failure by the Company or the Company Subsidiaries to meet any
estimates of revenues or earnings for any period ending on or after the date of this Agreement and prior to the Closing;  provided
 that the exception in this clause shall not prevent or otherwise affect a determination that any change, effect, circumstance
or development underlying such failure has resulted in or contributed to a Company Material Adverse Effect;  provided ,  further ,
that, with respect to clauses (i), (iii), (iv), (vi) and (vii), such change, event, circumstance or development does not (A) primarily
relate only to (or have the effect of primarily relating only to) the Company or the Company Subsidiaries or (B) disproportionately
adversely affect the Company or the Company Subsidiaries compared to other companies of similar size operating in the coal industry;
or (b) impairs or would be reasonably expect to impair in any material respect the ability of the Company to consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement or to perform its obligations under this Agreement on a timely basis.  

(bb)
 Company s Operations  means those land holding company and leasing activities performed by the Company or the
Company Subsidiaries.  

(cc)
 Company Permits  shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.16(a).  

(dd)
 Company Permit Claim  shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10.2(g).  

(ee)
 Company Securities  shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.2(b).  

(ff)
 Company Subsidiaries  means, collectively the Person s set forth on Schedule 4.1 of the Company Disclosure
Letter.  

(gg)
 Contracts  means any agreements, contracts, leases (whether for real or personal property), purchase orders, undertakings,
covenants not to compete, employment agreements, confidentiality agreements, licenses, notes, bonds, mortgages, indentures, instruments
or other obligations or commitments to which a Person is a party or by which a Person or any of its assets are bound or affected,
whether written or oral.  

(hh)
 Deeds  shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.12(a).  

(ii)
 Deferred Payment  shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.2(b).  

(jj)
 Direct Claim  shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10.5(d).  

(kk)
 Effective Date  shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble.  

(ll)
 Encumbrance  means any claim, lien, option, charge, easement, reservation, pledge, proxy, voting trust, license,
tax assessment, deed of trust, right of first refusal, right of first offer, security interest, mortgage, right-of-way, encroachment,
building or use restriction, conditional sales agreement, encumbrance or similar limitation in the nature thereof, whether voluntarily
incurred or arising by operation of Law.  

(mm)
 Environmental Laws  means all applicable U.S. federal, state, district and local Laws, all rules or regulations promulgated
thereunder, and all Orders, consent orders, judgments, notices, permits or demand letters issued, promulgated or entered pursuant
thereto, relating to pollution or protection of the environment (including, without limitation, ambient air, surface water, ground
water, land surface, or subsurface strata), including, without limitation, (a) Laws relating to emissions, discharges, releases
or threatened releases of pollutants, contaminants, chemicals, industrial materials, wastes or other substances into the environment
and (b) Laws relating to the identification, generation, manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal,
recovery, transport or other handling of pollutants, contaminants, chemicals, industrial materials, wastes or other substances.
Environmental Laws shall include, without limitation, the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act
of 1980, as amended, the Toxic Substances Control Act, as amended, the Hazardous Materials Transportation Act, as amended, the
Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, as amended, the Clean Water Act, as amended, the Safe Drinking Water Act, as amended,
the Clean Air Act, as amended, the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 and all analogous Laws promulgated or issued
by any state or other Governmental or Regulatory Authority.  

(nn)
 ERISA  means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended.  

(oo)
 Excluded Buyer Claims  shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10.3(b).  

(pp)
 Excluded Company Claims  shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10.3(a).  

(qq)
 Final Tax Returns  shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.1(a).  

(rr)
 Financial Statements  shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.5.  

(ss)
 FIRPTA Certificate  shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8.3.  

(tt)
 Fundamental Representations  shall mean the representations and warranties set forth in Sections 4.1, 4.2, 4.3 4.4,
4.7, 4.22 and 4.23.  

(uu)
 GAAP  means generally accepted accounting principles as applied in the United States.  

(vv)
 Governmental or Regulatory Authority  means any supranational, national, state, municipal, local or foreign government
or any court, tribunal, arbitrator, authority, agency, bureau, board, commission, department, ministry or a branch thereof, official
or other instrumentality of the United States, any foreign country or any domestic or foreign state, province, county, city or
other political subdivision.  

(ww)
 Hazardous Substance  shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.22(c).  

(xx)
 Indemnified Party  shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10.2.  

(yy)
 Indemnifying Party  shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10.2.  

(zz)
 Independent Auditor  means a certified public accounting firm mutually selected by the parties, a public accounting
firm jointly selected by the Seller and the Buyer.).  

(aaa)
 Interests  shall mean 100% of the membership interests of the Company which the Seller is selling to Buyer pursuant
to this Agreement.  

(bbb)
 Law  or  Laws  means any law, common law, statute, order, decree, consent decree, judgment, rule, regulation,
ordinance or other guideline, interpretation or pronouncement having the effect of law whether in the United States, any foreign
country, or any domestic or foreign state, county, city or other political subdivision or of any Governmental or Regulatory Authority.  

(ccc)
 Leased Real Property  shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.12(b).  

(ddd)
 Leases  shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.12(b).  

(eee)
 Liability  means any direct or indirect liability, indebtedness, obligation, commitment, expense, claim, deficiency,
guaranty or endorsement of or by any Person of any type, whether accrued, absolute, contingent, matured, unmatured, liquidated,
unliquidated, known or unknown.  

(fff)
 Loss  or  Losses  shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10.2.  

(ggg)
 Order  means any writ, judgment, decree, injunction, assessment, decision, ruling, award, settlement or stipulation
or similar order issued, promulgated or entered into by or with any Governmental or Regulatory Authority (in each such case whether
preliminary or final).  

(hhh)
 Out Leased Property  shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.12(c).  

(iii)
 Owned Real Property  shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.12(a).  

(jjj)
 Permits  means any mining permits, mining rights, mining licenses, re-mining agreements and similar authorizations
and approvals and other licenses, franchises, permits, filings, exemptions, notices, certificates, consents, approvals or similar
authorizations of, from or by a Governmental or Regulatory Authority.  

(kkk)
 Permitted Encumbrances  means: (i) liens for Taxes and other inchoate statutory liens not yet delinquent or which
are being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings; (ii) private, public and utility easements, rights of way and
roads and highways, encroachments, restrictions, conditions and other similar encumbrances incurred or suffered in the ordinary
course of the coal industry which do not impair the Company s business operations as presently conducted; (iii) any matter
of public record except those in derogation of the warranties hereinabove made; (iv) governmental building, zoning or other Laws
of the jurisdictions in which the Real Property is located, and (v) those Mortgage Liens contemplated to be released post-Closing
pursuant to Section 6.1 hereof.  

(lll)
 Person  means any person or entity, whether an individual, trustee, corporation, limited liability company, general
partnership, limited partnership, trust, unincorporated organization, business association, firm, joint venture, Governmental
or Regulatory Authority or any similar entity.  

(mmm)
 Personal Property  shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.13.  

(nnn)
 Post-Closing Tax Period  means any Taxable period that commences after the Closing Date (or portion thereof).  

(ooo)
 Pre-Closing Tax Period  means, except as otherwise set forth herein, any Taxable period ending on or before the Closing
Date and the portion ending on and including the Closing Date of any Taxable period that commences prior to and includes (but
does not end on) the Closing Date.  

(ppp)
 Real Property  shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.12(b).  

(qqq)
 Related Party  means (a) any of the Company s officers, managers, members, or Affiliates and any officers,
directors, partners, associates or relatives of such officers, managers, members and Affiliates, and (b) any Person in which the
Company or any of the Company s officers, managers, members, or Affiliates, or any Affiliate, associate or relative of any
such Person has any direct or indirect interest.  

(rrr)
 Representative  means, with respect to any Person, any and all directors, officers, employees, consultants, financial
advisors, counsel, accountants and other agents of such Person.  

(sss)
 Restricted Period  shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.4(a).  

(ttt)
 Seller Certification  shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8.3(c).  

(uuu)
 Seller s Management  shall mean William Tuorto, Richard Boone, Whitney Kegley, Brian Aug, Chad Hunt, Elizabeth
Branham, and Scott Morris.  

(vvv)
 Subsidiary  means any Person in which the Company or Buyer, as the context requires, directly or indirectly through
Subsidiaries or otherwise, beneficially owns at least 50% of either the equity interest in, or the voting control of, such Person.  

(www)
 Tax  or  Taxes  (and with correlative meanings,  Taxable  or  Taxing ) means
any federal, state, local, provincial or foreign income, gross receipts, license, payroll, employment, excise, severance, stamp,
business, occupation, premium, windfall profits, environmental (including taxes under Code Section 59A), mineral, unmined mineral,
abandoned mine land fee, customs, duties, capital stock, franchise, profits, withholding, social security (or similar), unemployment,
disability, real property, personal property, sales, use,  ad valorem , transfer, registration, value added, alternative,
advance corporation or add-on minimum, estimated, or other tax of any kind whatsoever, including any interest, penalty, or addition
thereto, whether disputed or not, and any Liability for the payment of any amount of the type previously described as a result
of (a) being a transferee (within the meaning of Section 6901 of the Code) or another Person, or (b) being a member of an affiliated
or combined group.  

(xxx)
 Tax Return  means any return, declaration, form, report, claim for refund, or information return or statement relating
to Taxes, including any schedule or attachment thereto, and including any amendment thereto.  

(yyy)
 Transition Period  shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.1(c).  

(zzz)
 Third-Party Claim  shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10.4(b).  

(aaaa)
 Third Party Leases  shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.12(c).  

(bbbb)
 Threshold Amount  means One Hundred Thousand Dollars ($100,000).  

(cccc)
 To the knowledge  or  knowledge  of a party (or similar words or phrases) shall mean the actual knowledge,
of (a) with respect to the Buyer, the managers, directors and officers of the Buyer, and (b) with respect to the Seller, the Company
or the Company Subsidiaries, the managers, directors and officers of the Seller, the Company and the Company Subsidiaries.  

1.2
 Additional Terms . Other capitalized terms used in this Agreement but not defined in Section 1.1 shall have the meanings
ascribed to them wherever such terms first appear in this Agreement, or, if no meanings are so ascribed, the meanings customarily
associated with such terms.  

1.3
 Rules of Interpretation .  

(a)
The singular includes the plural and the plural includes the singular.  

(b)
The word  or  is not exclusive.  

(c)
A reference to a Person includes its permitted successors and permitted assigns.  

(d)
Accounting terms have the meanings assigned to them by GAAP, as applied by the accounting entity to which they refer.  

(e)
The words  include,   includes  and  including  are not limiting.  

(f)
A reference in a document to an Article, Section, Exhibit, Schedule, Annex or Appendix is to the Article, Section, Exhibit, Schedule,
Annex or Appendix of such document unless otherwise indicated. Exhibits, Schedules, Annexes or Appendices to any document shall
be deemed incorporated by reference in such document.  

(g)
References to any document, instrument or agreement (i) shall include all exhibits, schedules and other attachments thereto, (ii)
shall include all documents, instruments or agreements issued or executed in replacement thereof, and (iii) shall mean such document,
instrument or agreement, or replacement or predecessor thereto, as amended, modified and supplemented from time to time and in
effect at any given time.  

(h)
References to any statute or statutory provision include a reference to that statute or statutory provision as amended, consolidated
or replaced from time to time (whether before or after the date of this Agreement) and include subordinate legislation made under
the relevant statute or statutory provision.  

(i)
The words  hereof,   herein  and  hereunder  and words of similar import when used in any
document shall refer to such document as a whole and not to any particular provision of such document.  

(j)
References to  days  shall mean calendar days, unless the term  Business Days  shall be used. References
to a time of day shall mean such time in Lexington, Kentucky, unless otherwise specified.  

(k)
The Acquisition Documents are the result of negotiations among, and have been reviewed by, Buyer and the Seller. Accordingly,
the Acquisition Documents shall be deemed to be the product of all parties thereto, and no ambiguity shall be construed in favor
of or against any party.  

ARTICLE
2  
  Purchase and Sale   

2.1
 Purchase of the Interests . Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Seller hereby agrees to sell, transfer
and deliver to Buyer, and Buyer hereby agrees to purchase from Seller, the Interests.  

2.2
 Purchase Price . The total purchase price (the  Purchase Price ) for the Interests shall be Twelve Million Five
Hundred Thousand Dollars ($12,500,000): of which  

(a)
subject to settlement of certain property Taxes as set forth in Section 2.3, Eleven Million Dollars ($11,000,000), to be paid
in cash in full by Buyer to Seller at Closing (the  Closing Payment ), and  

(b)
subject to offset pursuant to Section 10.5(e), the remainder shall be paid in ten (10) equal monthly installments of $150,000
on the 20 th  day of each calendar month beginning on September 20, 2016 (the  Deferred Payments ).  

2.3
 Property Taxes . Buyer and Seller agree that prepaid property Taxes and unmined mineral Taxes of the Company shall be considered
to be pro-rated as of the Closing Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Buyer and Seller agree that the Closing Payment will be
reduced by Five Hundred Thousand Dollars ($500,000) in full settlement of any known or unknown prepaid property and unmined mineral
Taxes that are unpaid as of the Closing Date. Any such Taxes that are or shall become due on or following the Closing Date shall
be the sole responsibility of the Buyer, without recourse to the Seller.  

2.4
 Accounts Receivable . Buyer and Seller agree that all receivables of the Company shall be transferred with the Interest
to the Buyer at the Closing.  

ARTICLE
3  
  Representations and Warranties of Buyer   

Buyer
represents and warrants to the Seller, as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date, as follows:  

3.1
 Organization, Authority . Buyer is a limited liability company duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under
the laws of the State of Delaware. Buyer has all requisite power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to consummate
the transactions contemplated hereby. The execution and delivery of this Agreement by Buyer, the performance by Buyer of its obligations
hereunder and the consummation by Buyer of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly authorized pursuant to and in accordance
with the laws governing Buyer and its Charter Documents, and no other proceedings on the part of Buyer are necessary to authorize
such execution, delivery and performance. This Agreement has been duly and validly executed and delivered by Buyer and, assuming
the due authorization, execution and delivery of this Agreement by each of the other parties hereto, this Agreement constitutes
a valid and binding obligation of Buyer, enforceable against Buyer in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability
may be limited by (a) bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar Laws relating to or affecting the rights
of creditors or (b) general principles of equity (regardless of whether enforceability is considered in a proceeding at law or
in equity).  

3.2
 No Conflicts . The execution, delivery and performance by Buyer of this Agreement does not, and the performance by Buyer
of its obligations under this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby do not and will not conflict
with or result in a violation of, or constitute a breach or default under, (a) any of the terms, conditions or provisions of the
Charter Documents of Buyer, (b) any material Contract, permit or other instrument to which Buyer is subject, or (c) any material
Law or Order to which Buyer is subject.  

3.3
 Approvals, Consents and Notices . No consent, approval, waiver, authorization, notice or filing with any Governmental or
Regulatory Authority is required to be made or obtained in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by Buyer of
this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, except where the failure to obtain or deliver any
such consent, approval, waiver, authorization, notice or filing would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse
effect on the ability of Buyer to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.  

3.4
 Financing . Buyer has or will have funds available to them sufficient (a) to pay the Purchase Price and (b) to pay all related
fees and expenses and otherwise to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.  

3.5
 Brokers  and Finders  Fees . Buyer has not entered into and will not enter into any Contract, agreement, arrangement
or understanding with any Person which will result in the obligation of Buyer to pay any finder s fee, brokerage commission,
or similar payment in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby.  

3.6
 Litigation . There are no claims, actions, suits, proceedings or investigations pending or, to the knowledge of Buyer, threatened
against Buyer any of its Affiliates or any properties or rights of Buyer or any of its Affiliates, before any court or other Governmental
or Regulatory Authority, which, individually or in the aggregate, has had or would have a material adverse effect on, or otherwise
materially impair or materially delay, Buyer s ability to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Neither
Buyer nor any of its Affiliates, nor any properties or rights of Buyer or any of its Affiliates, is subject to any Order, which,
individually or in the aggregate, has had or would have a material adverse effect on, or otherwise materially impair or materially
delay, Buyer s ability to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.  

3.7
 Applicant Violator System . Neither Buyer, nor any Person  owned or controlled  by Buyer, nor to the knowledge
of Buyer, any Person that  owns or controls  Buyer, has been notified in writing by the U.S. Office of Surface Mining
or the agency of any state administering the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation at (30 U.S.C.    1201 et seq.),
or any comparable state statute, that it is: (a) ineligible to receive surface mining permits; or (b) under investigation to determine
whether its eligibility to receive such permits should be revoked, i.e.,  permit blocked.  As used herein, the terms
 own,   owner,  or  ownership  and  control  or  controller  shall
be defined as set forth in 30 C.F.R.   701.5.  

ARTICLE
4  
  Representations and Warranties of Seller   

Except
as set forth in the corresponding sections or subsections of the disclosure letter delivered to Buyer by the Seller (the  Company
Disclosure Letter ) (it being agreed that disclosure of any item in any section or subsection of the Company Disclosure
Letter shall be a deemed disclosure with respect to any other section or subsection to which the relevance of such item is reasonably
apparent), the Seller hereby represents and warrants to Buyer that:  

4.1
 Organization . The Company is a limited liability company duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the
laws of the State of Delaware. The subsidiaries of the Company (the  Company Subsidiaries ) are all set forth on Schedule
4.1 of the Company Disclosure Letter, and are duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the states
set forth for each Company Subsidiary on Schedule 4.1 of the Company Disclosure Letter. The Company and the Company Subsidiaries
are duly qualified to do business as foreign entities and are in good standing in each jurisdiction where the failure to so qualify
would have a Company Material Adverse Effect. The Company has made available to Buyer complete and correct copies of the Company s
and the Company Subsidiaries  Charter Documents ,  each as amended to the
date of this Agreement, and each as so delivered is in full force and effect. Each of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries
has all corporate, limited liability company or similar powers and authority required to own, lease and operate its respective
properties and carry on its business as now conducted.  

4.2
 Capitalization .  

(a)
All of the Interests, as of the date of this Agreement, are held by Seller. The Interests are not certificated. The Company Subsidiaries
have the capital stock and other equity interests outstanding as set forth on Schedule 4.2(a) of the Company Disclosure Letter,
all of which capital stock and other equity interests are held by the Company. All of the Interests and all of the capital stock
and other equity interests of the Company Subsidiaries have been duly authorized and validly issued, and are fully paid and non-assessable.
None of the Interests or the capital stock or other equity interests of the Company Subsidiaries has been issued in violation
of any federal, state or other Law pertaining to the issuance of securities or in violation of any preemptive or similar right,
purchase option, call or right of first refusal or similar right.  

(b)
There are not issued, reserved for issuance or outstanding: (i) units, membership interests, shares of capital stock or other
voting securities or equity interests of the Company or the Company Subsidiaries, except as set forth in Schedule 4.2(b) of the
Company Disclosure Letter; (ii) securities of the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries convertible into or exchangeable
or exercisable for units, membership interests, shares of capital stock or voting securities or equity interests of the Company
or any Company Subsidiary; (iii) options, warrants, agreements, calls, conversion rights, exchange rights, preemptive rights or
other rights to subscribe for, purchase or otherwise acquire from the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries, or obligations
of the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries to issue, any units, membership interests or shares of capital stock, voting
securities, equity interests or securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for units, membership interests or
shares of capital stock, voting securities or other equity interests of the Company or any Company Subsidiary; or (iv) stock appreciation
rights,  phantom  stock rights, performance units, other equity equivalent interests in the ownership or earnings
of the Company or other similar rights in respect of the Company (the securities described in clauses (i) through (iv) are collectively
referred to herein as the  Company Securities ). There are no outstanding obligations of the Company or any Company
Subsidiary to repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any Company Securities. There are no preemptive rights or other rights or
obligations of any kind which obligate the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries to sell, issue or deliver, or cause to be
sold, issued or delivered, any Company Securities. There are no shareholder agreements, voting trusts or other agreements or understandings
to which the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries is a party or by which the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries
is bound relating to the voting or registration of any units, shares of capital stock or other equity interests of the Company
or any of the Company Subsidiaries. Except as set forth in Schedule 4.2(b) of the Company Disclosure Letter, none of the Interests
or the equity interests in the Company Subsidiaries is subject to any voting trust, transfer restrictions or other similar arrangements.  

(c)
Except as set forth in Schedule 4.2(c) of the Company Disclosure Letter, since the Balance Sheet Date, (i) the Company has not
declared or paid any dividend or distribution in respect of any Company Securities, and (ii) neither the Company nor any of the
Company Subsidiaries has issued, sold or repurchased any Company Securities, and their respective boards of managers or boards
of directors, as applicable, have not authorized any of the foregoing.  

(d)
No bonds, debentures, notes or other indebtedness having the right to vote (or convertible into, or exchangeable or exercisable
for, securities having the right to vote) on any matters on which Seller may vote are outstanding.  

4.3
 Title to Equity Interests in the Company Subsidiaries . Except as set forth on Schedule 4.3 of the Company Disclosure Letter,
the Company has, and at the Closing will have, good title to all equity interests in the Company Subsidiaries, free and clear
of all Encumbrances and free and clear of any restriction on the right to vote, sell or otherwise dispose of such equity interests.
There are no outstanding purchase agreements, options, warrants, or other rights of any kind whatsoever entitling any Person to
acquire or purchase any interest in the Company Subsidiaries. Neither the Company nor any of the Company Subsidiaries owns, directly
or indirectly, any capital stock of, or other voting securities or equity interests in, any Person except for the Company Subsidiaries.  

4.4
 Authority; No Conflict .  

(a)
The Company has all requisite power and authority and has taken all requisite limited liability company action in order to execute,
deliver and perform its obligations under this Agreement and under the other Acquisition Documents and to consummate the transactions
contemplated hereby. This Agreement has been duly and validly executed and delivered by the Company and, assuming the due authorization,
execution and delivery of this Agreement by each of the other parties to this Agreement, this Agreement constitutes a valid and
binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability
may be limited by (i) bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar Laws relating to or affecting the rights
of creditors or (ii) general principles of equity (regardless of whether enforceability is considered in a proceeding at law or
in equity) .   

(b)
Except as set forth on Schedule 4.4(b) of the Company Disclosure Letter, the execution, delivery and performance by the Company
of this Agreement and the other Acquisition Documents do not and will not (i) conflict with or result in any violation of, constitute
a breach or default (or an event that with notice or the lapse of time on both would become a default) under, or create in any
Person the right to terminate, modify, cancel or require any notice under, (A) any term of the certificate of formation or limited
liability company agreement of the Company or the comparable Charter Documents of the Company Subsidiaries, (B) any material Contract,
agreement, permit or other instrument to which the Company, any of the Company Subsidiaries or any of their respective assets
is subject, or (C) any material Law or Order to which the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries or any of their respective
assets is subject, (ii) result in the creation of any material Encumbrance upon any of the properties or assets (whether real
or personal, tangible or intangible) of the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries, or (iii) trigger, or otherwise create
in any Person, any contractual, statutory or other appraisal rights.  

4.5
 Financial Statements . The Company has previously made available to Buyer true and complete copies of the following financial
statements (collectively, the  Financial Statements ): (a) audited, consolidated balance sheets and statements of
income, changes in member s equity and cash flows as of and for the year ended December 31, 2015, all of which are contained
in and are a part of the consolidated financials of Rhino Resource Partners LP, and (b) an unaudited internally-prepared interim,
consolidated balance sheet (the  Balance Sheet ) and statements of income, changes in member s equity and cash
flows as of and for the quarterly period ended July 31, 2016. The Financial Statements: (i) were prepared in accordance with GAAP
consistently applied, except, in the case of interim Financial Statements, for the absence of notes thereto and year-end adjustments
and accruals made in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and (ii) present fairly, in all material respects,
the financial position and results of operations of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, at the
dates and for the periods indicated therein, in each case in accordance with GAAP.  

4.6
 Absence of Material Change . Except as set forth in Schedule 4.6 of the Company Disclosure Letter, since the Balance Sheet
Date, the Business has been conducted in the ordinary course of business and no Company Material Adverse Effect, or event, condition,
change or effect that would reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect,
has occurred. In addition to and without limiting the generality of the foregoing, except as set forth on Schedule 4.6 of the
Company Disclosure Letter, since the Balance Sheet Date, neither the Company nor any of the Company Subsidiaries has:  

(a)
amended, or proposed any amendment to, the Company s certificate of formation or limited liability company agreement or
the comparable Charter Documents of any Company Subsidiary;  

(b)
(i)(A) declared, set aside or paid any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, stock, other equity interests or other
property or any combination thereof) with respect to its membership units, capital stock or other equity interests, except to
the Company or another wholly-owned Company Subsidiary, or (B) redeemed, purchased or otherwise acquired, directly or indirectly,
any of its membership units, capital stock or other securities; (ii) issued, sold, pledged, disposed of or encumbered, or authorized
the issuance, sale, pledge, disposal or Encumbrance of, or offered to issue, sell, pledge, dispose of or encumber any (A) additional
membership units or shares of its capital stock or other equity interests, (B) securities convertible into or exchangeable for,
or options, warrants, calls, commitments or rights of any kind to acquire, any membership units or shares of its capital stock
or other equity interests or securities convertible into or exchangeable for any membership units or shares of its capital stock
or other equity interests, or (C) of its other securities; or (iii) split, combined or reclassified, or amended any of the terms
of, any of its outstanding membership units, capital stock or other equity interests;  

(c)
acquired or agreed to acquire or agreed to be acquired by merging or consolidating with, or by purchasing a substantial portion
of the assets of, or by any other manner, (i) any Person or business or division thereof or (ii) any material assets or rights,
except, with respect to this clause (ii), (A) purchases of inventory, equipment and supplies in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practice or (B) other purchases of assets required by existing Contracts as in effect as of the date hereof;  

(d)
entered into, amended or otherwise modified in any material respect or terminated (or consented to the termination of) any Company
Contract, or any Contract that, if in effect as of the date hereof, would constitute a Company Contract, or waived, released or
assigned any material rights or material claims thereunder;  

(e)
transferred, leased, licensed, sold, mortgaged, pledged, disposed of or otherwise encumbered or subjected to any lien any material
assets (tangible or intangible, real or personal), other than (i) as required by existing Contracts as in effect as of the date
hereof, or (ii) sales of inventory in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice and on arm s length
terms;  

(f)
hired or agreed to hire any new or additional officers;  

(g)
except as required under the terms of any existing Plan or Contract, or to comply with applicable Law, (i) adopted, entered into,
terminated, amended or increased the amount, or accelerated the payment or vesting, of any benefit or award or amount payable
under any Plan or Contract for the current or future compensation, benefit or welfare of any manager, officer or employee, (ii)
materially increased in any manner the compensation or fringe benefits of, or paid any bonus (other than customary annual bonuses)
to any manager, officer or employee, (iii) other than benefits accrued through the date hereof, paid any material benefit, including
any material severance or termination pay, not provided for under any Plan, or (iv) made any grant or award to any manager, director,
officer or employee of stock options, stock appreciation rights, stock-based or stock-related awards, performance units or restricted
stock, or similar rights or any removal of existing restrictions in any Plans or Contracts or awards made thereunder;  

(h)
(i) redeemed, repurchased, defeased, incurred, assumed or otherwise become liable for, or modified the terms of, any indebtedness
for money borrowed, other than redemptions, repurchases or defeasances at stated maturity and any required amortization payments
and mandatory prepayments, in each case in accordance with the terms of the instrument governing such indebtedness as in effect
on the date hereof and other than intercompany indebtedness; (ii) voluntarily incurred, assumed or otherwise become liable for,
or modified, any other material indebtedness or other material liability other than intercompany indebtedness; (iii) assumed,
guaranteed, endorsed or otherwise become liable or responsible (whether directly, contingently or otherwise) for the obligations
of any other Person; or (iv) made any loans, advances or capital contributions to, or investments in, any other Person, other
than, with respect to this clause (iv), (A) as required by existing Contracts as in effect as of the date hereof, (B) solely between
or among the Company and the Company Subsidiaries, or (C) customary loans or advances to employees in accordance with past practice;  

(i)
authorized, made or committed to any capital expenditures in excess of $250,000, in the aggregate, except for (i) expenditures
required by existing Contracts as in effect as of the date hereof, and (ii) expenditures made in response to any emergency;  

(j)
adopted or effected a plan of complete or partial liquidation, dissolution, restructuring, recapitalization or other reorganization;  

(k)
instituted, settled, paid, discharged or otherwise compromised any actions, suits, proceedings, investigations or other claims
pending or threatened before any arbitrator, court or other Governmental or Regulatory Authority involving a conduct remedy or
injunctive or similar relief or a restrictive impact on the Business or the payment of monetary damages or the provision of goods
or services, or any combination of the foregoing, by the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries of any amount or value exceeding
$100,000 in the aggregate, other than the settlement of claims, liabilities or obligations reserved against on the Company Balance
Sheet for amounts not in excess of the applicable reserves;  

(l)
(i) settled or compromised any material Tax claim, audit or assessment, (ii) made or changed any material Tax election, changed
any annual Tax accounting period, or adopted or changed any method of Tax accounting, (iii) amended any material Tax Returns or
filed claims for material Tax refunds, or (iv) entered into any material closing agreement, surrendered in writing any right to
claim a material Tax refund, offset or other reduction in Tax liability or consented to any extension or waiver of the limitation
period applicable to any material Tax claim or assessment relating to the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries;  

(m)
changed any of the accounting methods, principles or practices used by it unless required by GAAP; or  

(n)
entered into an agreement, contract, commitment or arrangement to do any of the foregoing, or authorized, recommended, proposed
or announced an intention to do any of the foregoing.  

4.7
 Tax Matters . Subject to and excluding in all respects the prepaid property Taxes and unmined mineral Taxes of the Company,
which are addressed and settled pursuant to Section 2.3 hereof:  

(a)
Except as described on Schedule 4.7(a) of the Company Disclosure Letter: (i) the Company and the Company Subsidiaries have filed
all material Tax Returns that they were required to file; (ii) all such Tax Returns, as amended, are correct and complete in all
material respects; (iii) all material Taxes owed by the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries (whether or not shown on any
Tax Return) have been paid when due; (iv) neither the Company nor any of the Company Subsidiaries currently is the beneficiary
of any extension of time within which to file any Tax Return; (v) no claim, as to which the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries
has knowledge based upon personal contact with any agent of such Governmental or Regulatory Authority, has ever been made by a
Governmental or Regulatory Authority in a jurisdiction where the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries does not file Tax
Returns that it is or may be subject to taxation by that jurisdiction; and (vi) there are no material Encumbrances on any of the
assets of the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries that arose in connection with any failure (or alleged failure) to pay
any Tax other than Encumbrances arising in the ordinary course with respect to any Tax not yet due.  

(b)
The Company and the Company Subsidiaries have withheld and paid all material Taxes required to have been withheld or paid in connection
with amounts paid or owing to any employee, creditor, independent contractor, or other third party, and the Company and the Company
Subsidiaries have collected and paid all material Taxes required to have been collected and paid in connection with any amounts
received from any customer or other third party.  

(c)
There is no investigation, litigation, dispute or claim concerning any material Taxes of the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries
either: (i) claimed or raised by any Governmental or Regulatory Authority; or (ii) as to which the Company or any of the Company
Subsidiaries has knowledge based upon personal contact with any agent of such Governmental or Regulatory Authority. Schedule 4.7(c)
of the Company Disclosure Letter: (x) lists all material categories of federal, state, local, and foreign Tax Returns filed with
respect to the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries for taxable periods ended on or after December 31, 2015; (y) indicates
Tax Returns of the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries for taxable periods ended on or after December 31, 2015 that have
been audited by a Governmental or Regulatory Authority; and (z) indicates Tax Returns of the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries
that currently are the subject of an audit by a Governmental or Regulatory Authority. The Company has delivered or made available
to Buyer correct and complete copies of all Tax Returns filed by or on behalf of the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries
and all examination reports and statements of deficiency assessed against or agreed to by the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries,
in each case for any Tax period ending on or after December 31, 2015.  

(d)
Except as described on Schedule 4.7(d) of the Company Disclosure Letter: (i) neither the Company nor any of the Company Subsidiaries
has waived or extended any statute of limitations in respect of Taxes or agreed to any extension of time with respect to a Tax
assessment or deficiency, and (ii) no power of attorney with respect to any Taxes has been executed or filed with any Governmental
or Regulatory Authority.  

(e)
Neither the Company nor any of the Company Subsidiaries has made any payments, is obligated to make any payments, or is party
to any agreement that under certain circumstances could obligate it to make any payments that will not be deductible under Code
Section 162(a)(1) or 404 or any corresponding provision of state or local law.  

(f)
Except as set forth on Schedule 4.7(f) of the Company Disclosure Letter, the Company and the Company Subsidiaries will not be
required, as a result of a change in method of accounting for a taxable period ending on or prior to the Closing Date, to include
any adjustment to taxable income for any taxable period (or portion thereof) ending after the Closing Date. Neither the Company
nor any of the Company Subsidiaries will be required to include any material item of income in, or exclude any material item of
deduction from, taxable income for any taxable period (or portion thereof) ending after the Closing Date as a result of: (i) any
 closing agreement  as described in Code Section 7121 (or any corresponding provision of foreign, state or local Law);
(ii) any sale occurring on or before the Closing Date that is accounted for under the  installment method  as described
in Code Section 453 (or any corresponding provision of foreign, state or local Law); or (iii) any prepaid amount received on or
prior to the Closing Date.  

(g)
Neither the Company nor any of the Company Subsidiaries is a party to, bound by or has any material Liability under any Tax allocation,
Tax-sharing, Tax indemnification or similar agreements.  

(h)
Neither the Company nor any of the Company Subsidiaries is or has been a member of any affiliated, consolidated, combined or unitary
group with respect to Taxes or has any material Liability for unpaid Taxes with respect thereto. Neither the Company nor any of
the Company Subsidiaries has any material Liability for Taxes of any Person (other than the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries)
under Treasury Regulation Section 1.1502-6 (or any comparable provision of local, state or foreign Law), as a transferee or successor,
by Contract, or otherwise.  

(i)
For all Pre-Closing Tax Periods, the Company has been classified as a disregarded entity for federal income purposes and each
Company Subsidiary has been classified as a disregarded entity for federal income tax purposes.  

(j)
All Tax elections that are in effect with respect to Taxes affecting the Company or the Company Subsidiaries as of the date hereof
have been made on Tax Returns filed by Company or the Company Subsidiaries and delivered to Buyer.  

(k)
None of the assets of the Company or any Company Subsidiary (i) is  tax exempt use property  within the meaning of
Section 168(h) of the Code; (ii) is property that the Company or any Company Subsidiary is required to treat as being owned by
any other Person pursuant to the safe-harbor lease provisions of former Section 168(f)(8) of the Code; or (iii) directly or indirectly
secures any debt the interest on which is tax-exempt under Section 103(a) of the Code.  

(l)
Neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary has agreed to make, or is required to make, any adjustment under Section 481(a)
of the Code by reason of a change in accounting method or otherwise.  

(m)
The amount of the Company s and the Company Subsidiaries  liability for unpaid Taxes for all periods ending on or
before the Balance Sheet Date does not, in the aggregate, exceed, in any material respects, the amount of accruals for Taxes (excluding
reserves for deferred Taxes) reflected on the Financial Statements. The amount of the Company s and the Company Subsidiaries 
liability for unpaid Taxes for all periods following the Balance Sheet Date shall not, in the aggregate, exceed, in any material
respects, the amount of accruals for Taxes on the Company s books (excluding reserves for deferred Taxes) as adjusted for
the passage of time in accordance with the past custom and practice of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries (and which accruals
shall not exceed, in any material respects, comparable amounts incurred in similar periods in prior years).  

(n)
Except for the persons listed on Schedule 4.7(n) of the Company Disclosure Letter, none of the Company s owners is a  foreign
person  as that term is used in Treasury Regulations Section 1.1445-2.  

(o)
Neither the Company nor any of the Company Subsidiaries has requested or is the subject of or bound by any private letter ruling,
technical advice memorandum or similar ruling or memorandum with any Governmental or Regulatory Authority with respect to any
material Taxes, nor is any such request outstanding.  

(p)
Neither the Company nor any of the Company Subsidiaries has been a party to, or a promoter of, a  reportable transaction 
within the meaning of section 6707A(c)(1) of the Code and Treasury Regulations Section 1.6011-4(b).  

4.8
 Undisclosed Liabilities . Except for any Liabilities arising out of or related to the matters set forth on Schedule 4.11
of the Company Disclosure Letter, neither the Company nor any of the Company Subsidiaries has any Liabilities other than Liabilities
that (a) are reflected or recorded on the Company Balance Sheet (including in the notes thereto), or (b) were incurred since the
Balance Sheet Date in the ordinary course of business, or (c) are incurred in connection with the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement, or (d) do not exceed $50,000 in the aggregate.  

4.9
 Approvals, Consents and Notices . No consent, approval, waiver or authorization by or from, or notice or filing with, any
Governmental or Regulatory Authority or other Person is required to be made or obtained in connection with the execution, delivery
and performance by the Company of this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, except as set forth
on Schedule 4.9 of the Company Disclosure Letter.  

4.10
 Contracts . Except for the Contracts listed on Schedule 4.10 of the Company Disclosure Letter (the  Company Contracts ),
neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary is a party to or otherwise bound by: (a) any Contract which could reasonably be
expected to involve future payments by or to the Company or a Company Subsidiary of more than Two Hundred and Fifty Thousand Dollars
($250,000) in any twelve (12) month period and which are not cancelable by the Company or the Company Subsidiaries, as applicable,
on less than sixty (60) days  notice without penalty or payment in connection with such termination; (b) any employment,
consulting, severance, bonus, change of control, retention, incentive or similar Contract, including without limitation any Contract
providing for severance or incentive payments to employees in the event of a sale or change in control of the Company, with any
current or former officer, director, manager or employee of the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries; (c) any Contract providing
for indemnification or any guaranty by the Company or any Subsidiary thereof, in each case relating to any Liability that could
be in excess of Two Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars ($250,000), other than any guaranty by the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries
of any of the obligations of the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries; (d) any Contract that purports to limit in any material
respect the right of the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries (i) to engage in any line of business, or (ii) to compete
with any Person or operate in any geographical location; (e) any Contract that contains any provision that requires the purchase
of all of the Company s or any of the Company Subsidiaries  requirements for a given product or service from a given
third party, which product or service is material to the Company and the Company Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; (f) any Contract
that obligates the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (or, at any time after the Closing, Buyer or any of its Subsidiaries) to
conduct business on an exclusive basis with any third party; (g) any partnership, joint venture or similar Contract; (h) any mortgages,
indentures, guarantees, loans or credit agreements, security agreements or other Contracts, in each case relating to indebtedness
for borrowed money, whether as borrower or lender, in each case in excess of Two Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars ($250,000), other
than loans to direct or indirect wholly-owned Subsidiaries of the Company; or (i) any Contract which is not otherwise described
in clauses (a)-(h) above that is material to the Company and the Company Subsidiaries, taken as a whole. The Company has previously
provided Buyer or its representatives with complete and accurate copies of all written Company Contracts and there are no amendments
to or modifications of, or significant agreements of the parties relating to, any such Company Contract which have not been disclosed
to Buyer. Each Company Contract is valid and binding on the Company (or the Company Subsidiary that is a party thereto), is in
full force and effect. The Company (or such Company Subsidiary) has performed all material obligations required to be performed
by it to date under each Company Contract. Except as set forth in Schedule 4.10 of the Company Disclosure Letter, there is no
material violation or default under (nor does there exist any condition which with the passage of time or the giving of notice
or both would result in such a material violation or default under) any Company Contract by the Company or any of the Company
Subsidiaries or, to the knowledge of the Company, any other party thereto. Neither the Company nor any of the Company Subsidiaries
has received written notice from a party to any of the Company Contracts that such party intends to terminate, other than in accordance
with the terms of such Company Contract, its normal business with the Company as a result of transactions contemplated by this
Agreement or otherwise.  

4.11
 Litigation and Pending Proceedings . Except as set forth on Schedule 4.11 of the Company Disclosure Letter, there are no
material claims, actions, suits, proceedings, investigations, charges or complaints, pending or, to the knowledge of the Company,
threatened against the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries, any properties or rights of the Company or any of the Company
Subsidiaries, or any officer, director or manager of the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries in their capacities as such,
in each case, before any court or other Governmental or Regulatory Authority. Except as set forth on Schedule 4.11 of the Company
Disclosure Letter, neither the Company, nor the Company Subsidiaries, nor any of the Company s or any of the Company Subsidiaries 
properties is subject to any material Order.  

4.12
 Real Property .  

(a)
 Owned Real Property . Schedule 4.12(a) of the Company Disclosure Letter contains a complete and accurate list of all deeds
for interests in real property, including mineral rights, mining rights, surface estates, rights of way, options and other interests
in real property and easements owned by the Company or any Company Subsidiary (the instruments identified on Schedule 4.12(a)
of the Company Disclosure Letter are hereinafter referred to as the  Deeds,  and the property and the property interests
and rights conveyed therein, less the property described in the out-conveyances listed on Schedule 4.12(a) of the Company Disclosure
Letter, are hereinafter referred to as the  Owned Real Property ).  

(b)
 Leased Real Property . Schedule 4.12(b) of the Company Disclosure Letter hereto is a true and complete list of all interests
in real property, including mineral interests, mining rights, and surface estates leased or licensed by the Company or any of
the Company Subsidiaries (the leases and other Contracts identified on Schedule 4.12(b) of the Company Disclosure Letter are hereinafter
referred to as the  Leases,  and the property and property rights granted therein are hereinafter referred to as the
 Leased Real Property ). Schedule 4.12(b) of the Company Disclosure Letter also provides an identification of each
of the Leases (whether a lease or sublease) (including parties and date). The Leased Real Property and the Owned Real Property
are referred to herein collectively as the  Real Property .  

(c)
 Third Party Leases . Schedule 4.12(c) of the Company Disclosure Letter is a true and complete list of all documents pursuant
to which the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries has leased or subleased or otherwise granted any real property rights
or interests to third parties, including mineral interests, mining rights, surface estates, rights of way, easements, options
and other real property rights or interests, or pursuant to which the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries may be entitled
to receive income from any Person as a result of the use or occupancy of any real property by such Person (the leases, subleases
and other Contracts identified on Schedule 4.12(c) of the Company Disclosure Letter are hereinafter referred to as the  Third
Party Leases,  and the property and property rights granted therein are hereinafter referred to as the  Out Leased
Property ).  

(d)
 Copies Furnished . The Company has furnished or made available to Buyer true and complete copies of all of the Deeds, Leases,
and Third Party Leases, including all amendments thereto, and true and complete copies of all title insurance policies, title
opinions, abstracts, maps, surveys, lease files and conveyance files that, to the knowledge of the Company, are in the possession
of the Company relating to the Real Property.  

(e)
 Lease Defaults . Except as set forth on Schedule 4.12(e) of the Company Disclosure Letter, (i) there is no past due payment
or other material default (or event that with notice or the lapse of time or both would become such a material default) by or
with respect to the Company or the Company Subsidiaries with respect to the Leases or Third Party Leases, or to the knowledge
of the Company, by or with respect to any other parties to the Leases or Third Party Leases; (ii) the Leases and Third Party Leases
are in full force and effect with respect to the Company and the Company Subsidiaries and, to the knowledge of the Company, the
other parties thereto; and (iii) the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the other Acquisition Documents will not constitute
a breach or default (or event that with notice or the lapse of time or both would constitute a breach or default) under the terms
of any of the Leases.  

(f)
 Encroachments . To the knowledge of the Company and except for Permitted Encumbrances, (i) there are no material encroachments
on the Real Property by improvements or structures located on property adjoining the Real Property or upon any easements located
on the Real Property, and (ii) no part of any improvements or structures located on the Real Property materially encroaches on
any property adjacent to the Real Property.  

(g)
 No Additional Property Interests . Other than the Real Property, there are no other interests in real property, including
mineral interests, mining and surface rights, easements, rights-of-way or options leased by the Company or any of the Company
Subsidiaries, other contractual rights in or to any real property held by the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries, or rights
by which the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries may be entitled to receive income from any Person as a result of the use
or occupancy of any real property by such Person.  

(h)
 Condemnation and Options .  

(i)
Except as set forth on Schedule 4.12(h)(i) of the Company Disclosure Letter, there is no condemnation or eminent domain proceeding
of any kind pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against any of the Real Property, or any portion thereof.  

(ii)
Except as set forth on Schedule 4.12(h)(ii) of the Company Disclosure Letter, there are no outstanding options, rights of first
refusal or similar rights granted by the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries to any third party to purchase the Owned Real
Property or any portion thereof or interest therein.  

(i)
 Title to Real Property .  

(i)
Except as expressly provided herein, the Company makes absolutely no warranty regarding the Company s title to the Owned
Real Property, except for a covenant of special warranty that the Company holds title to the Owned Real Property free and clear
of Encumbrances (other than Permitted Encumbrances) created by, through, or under the Company and not otherwise.  

(ii)
Except as to matters shown in the lease files, property files, and abstracts in the possession of the Company and made available
to Buyer, and except for the Permitted Encumbrances, (x) the Company has good and marketable title to the Leases without regard
to Lessor s title to such Leased Real Property and (y) to the knowledge of the Company, each of the lessors under the Leases
of the Leased Real Property has good and marketable title to the Leased Real Property, subject to the Lease to which such lessor
is a party.  

(iii)
The Company makes no representation or warranty, express or implied, as to quantity, quality, or recoverability of any coal reserves
underlying the Real Property or the condition of any improvements, structures or facilities located thereon. BUYER ACCEPTS THE
REAL PROPERTY AND ANY IMPROVEMENTS OR FACILITIES IN, ON, OR UNDER THE REAL PROPERTY AS IS, WHERE IS, FREE OF ANY REPRESENTATION
OR WARRANTY (EXPRESS OR IMPLIED) WITH REGARD TO THE EXISTENCE, MINEABILITY, WASHABILITY, VOLUME, LOCATION, QUANTITY OR QUALITY
OF ANY COAL RESERVE OR CONDITION OF ANY IMPROVEMENTS, STRUCTURE OR FACILITY; provided, however, the Company has made available
to Buyer true and complete copies of all relevant studies in the Company s possession relating to the quality and quantity
of the coal reserves in, on or under the Real Property.  

4.13
 Personal Property . A true and complete list of all items of machinery, equipment, vehicles, and other tangible personal
property owned or leased by the Company or the Company Subsidiaries and having a book value in excess of $20,000 is set forth
on Schedule 4.13 of the Company Disclosure Letter (the  Personal Property ). The Company and the Company Subsidiaries
own or lease, as the case may be, the Personal Property, free and clear of all Encumbrances other than Permitted Encumbrances.
Schedule 4.13 of the Company Disclosure Letter identifies all Personal Property that is leased to third parties by the Company.  

4.14
 Mine Safety and Health . Except as set forth on Schedule 4.14 of the Company Disclosure Letter, the Company s Operations
are and have been, since March 17, 2016, in compliance, in all material respects, with all applicable health and safety Laws (including,
without limitation, the Federal Coal Mine Health and Safety Act of 1969, as amended, the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act of
1977, as amended, and the Mine Improvement and New Emergency Response Act of 2006, and similar state Laws).  

4.15
 Banks, Managers and Officers . Schedule 4.15 of the Company Disclosure Letter sets forth a list of all banks with which
the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries has an account, deposit, certificate of deposit, or safe deposit box along with
identifying numbers and the names of all Persons authorized to draw thereon or have access thereto.  

4.16
 Permits and Bonds .  

(a)
All material Permits held by the Company or the Company Subsidiaries are listed on Schedule 4.16(a)(i) of the Company Disclosure
Letter (the  Company Permits ). True and complete copies of each Company Permit have been made available to Buyer.
Except as set forth on Schedule 4.16(a)(ii) of the Company Disclosure Letter, no action or claim is pending, or, to the knowledge
of the Company, threatened, to revoke, suspend, modify, alter, amend or terminate any Company Permit, or to declare any Company
Permit invalid in any respect.  

(b)
Except as set forth on Schedule 4.16(b) of the Company Disclosure Letter, the Company s Operations are and have been, since
March 17, 2016, in compliance, in all material respects, with the Company Permits, the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation
Act of 1977, as amended, and similar state Laws, and in accordance with reclamation plans submitted with respect to the Company
Permits, including any such variances, deferrals, or temporary cessations as may have since been granted or otherwise be applicable
thereto.  

(c)
The Company and the Company Subsidiaries have posted all reclamation and performance bonds required to be posted in connection
with the Company s Operations. All reclamation and performance bonds posted by the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries
in connection with the Company s Operations are listed on Schedule 4.16(c) of the Company Disclosure Letter (collectively,
the  Bonds ). Except as set forth on Schedule 4.16(c) of the Company Disclosure Letter, no action or claim is pending
or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened to forfeit, collect, or otherwise draw upon any Bonds.  

4.17
 Intellectual Property . Set forth in Schedule 4.17 of the Company Disclosure Letter is a true and complete list of all trademarks,
service marks, trade names, copyrights, patents, patent rights, logos, domain names and other material proprietary intellectual
property rights owned by, or registered or applied for in the name of, the Company or the Company Subsidiaries or utilized in,
and material to, the operation of the Business (the  Company s Intellectual Property ). The Company has not
received written notice that the Company s Intellectual Property infringes the rights of any third party or is being infringed
by any third party. There are no material actions or claims pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened involving
the Company s Intellectual Property. There is no material restriction affecting the use or transfer of any of the Company s
Intellectual Property, and no license has been granted by the Company to any third party with respect thereto.  

4.18
 Applicant Violator System . Neither the Company, any of the Company Subsidiaries, nor any Person  owned or controlled 
by the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries, nor to the knowledge of the Company, any Person which  owns or controls 
the Company or the Company Subsidiaries, has been notified in writing by the U.S. Office of Surface Mining or the agency of any
state administering the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act (30 U.S.C.    1201 et seq.), or any comparable state
statute, that it is: (a) ineligible to receive additional surface mining permits; or (b) under investigation to determine whether
their eligibility to receive such permits should be revoked, i.e.,  permit blocked.  As used herein, the terms  own, 
 owner,  or  ownership  and  control  or  controller  shall be defined as set
forth in 30 C.F.R.   701.5.  

4.19
 Insurance . Schedule 4.19 of the Company Disclosure Letter sets forth a true and complete list of all insurance policies
maintained by or for the benefit of the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries. All such policies are in full force and effect.
The Company has not received written notice of cancellation or nonrenewal with respect thereto, and no event has occurred which
would constitute a breach or default or permit termination, modification or acceleration of any such policy.  

4.20
 Labor Relations; Employee Benefit Plans .  

(a)
Except as set forth on Schedule 4.20(a) of the Company Disclosure Letter, (i) each of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries
is and has been, since March 17, 2016, in compliance, in all material respects, with all applicable Laws, rules, regulations and
orders respecting employment and employment practices, terms and conditions of employment, wages, hours or work and occupational
safety and health and (ii) there is no labor slowdown, stoppage or lockout pending, or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened
against or affecting the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries.  

(b)
Neither the Company nor any of the Company Subsidiaries (i) is a party to or bound by any collective bargaining or similar agreement
with any union or other labor organization or is engaged in any labor negotiations with any labor union, or (ii) is obligated
under any agreement to recognize or bargain with any labor organization or union on behalf of its employees.  

(c)
The Company does not know, or have any reasonable grounds to know, of any union organizational or representational activities
underway among any of the Company s or any of the Company Subsidiaries  employees. Neither the Company nor any of
the Company Subsidiaries has been charged or threatened with a charge of any unfair labor practice.  

(d)
Neither the Company nor any of the Company Subsidiaries has committed any violation of the WARN Act.  

(e)
Schedule 4.20(e) of the Company Disclosure Letter sets forth a true and complete list of all employees employed by the Company
and the Company Subsidiaries, and such list correctly reflects their salaries, wages, other compensation, dates of employment
and positions. No employee of the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries is employed other than  at-will  or is
subject to any non-compete, confidentiality or similar agreement, other than as set forth on Schedule 4.20(e) of the Company Disclosure
Letter.  

(f)
There are no discrimination or harassment charges (relating to sex, age, religion, race, national origin, ethnicity, disability
or veteran status) pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened before any Governmental or Regulatory Authority against
the Company or the Company Subsidiaries and, to the knowledge of the Company, there is no basis therefor.  

(g)
Except for Seller s 401k, life insurance, and disability insurance, the Company has no pension, retirement, profit sharing,
savings, stock option, restricted stock, severance, termination, bonus, fringe benefit, insurance, medical, education reimbursement
or other employee benefit plan, including each  employee benefit plan  as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA, in each
case whether written or unwritten, which is or has been sponsored, maintained or contributed to or required to be contributed
to by the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries for the benefit of current or former employees, directors, or managers of
the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries.  

4.21
 Potential Competing Interests . Except as set forth on Schedule 4.21 of the Company Disclosure Letter, no officer, manager
or, to the knowledge of the Company, other employee of the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries has any direct or indirect
interest in any entity which competes with, is a supplier, customer or sales agent of, or is engaged in any business of the kind
being conducted by, the Company. Except as set forth on Schedule 4.21 of the Company Disclosure Letter, no officer, manager or,
to the knowledge of the Company, other employee of the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries has any interest, direct or
indirect, in any Contract or agreement with, commitment or obligation of or to, or claim against, the Company or any of the Company
Subsidiaries. No real or personal property in which any officer, manager or, to the knowledge of the Company, any other employee
of the Company or the Company Subsidiaries has an interest is used by the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries in the operation
of the Business, or located on or at any premises used by the Company or the Company Subsidiaries in the Business.  

4.22
 Environmental Matters .  

(a)
Except as set forth on Schedule 4.22(a) of the Company Disclosure Letter, the Company s Operations are in compliance, in
all material respects, with all applicable Environmental Laws. Except as set forth on Schedule 4.22(a) of the Company Disclosure
Letter, neither the Company nor any of the Company Subsidiaries has received notice of, or has knowledge of, any fact(s) which
would constitute noncompliance with any Environmental Law that would reasonably be expected to result in a material Liability
to the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries.  

(b)
The Company has made available to Buyer true and complete copies of all information, including such studies, reports, correspondence,
notices of violation or noncompliance, audits, analyses and test results in the possession, custody or control of the Company
relating to the material noncompliance by the Company, the Company Subsidiaries or the Company s Operations with any Environmental
Laws or Permits within the previous two (2) years.  

(c)
Except as set forth on Schedule 4.22(c) of the Company Disclosure Letter, to the knowledge of the Company, no substance, chemical
or waste (including, without limitation, asbestos, asbestos-containing material, lead paint, polychlorinated biphenyls ( PCBs )
and petroleum) that is designated or defined (either by inclusion in a list of materials or by reference to exhibited characteristics)
as hazardous, toxic, dangerous or words of similar import, or as a pollutant or contaminant under any Environmental Laws, including,
in each case, any constituent, raw material, product or by-product thereof ( Hazardous Substance ) has been released,
produced, processed, generated, treated, stored, disposed of, used, handled or manufactured at or in, or transported, shipped
or disposed of from, the Company s Operations or the Real Property except in material compliance with Environmental Laws,
and there have been no releases of any Hazardous Substance in, on, under, from or affecting the Company s Operations or
the Real Property, except as has not and would not reasonably be expected to result, individually or in the aggregate, in a material
Liability to the Company or any other Company Subsidiaries.  

(d)
Except as set forth on Schedule 4.22(d) of the Company Disclosure Letter, none of the Company or the Company Subsidiaries has
received from any Governmental or Regulatory Authority or other third party any written notice that any of them is or may be a
potentially responsible party in respect of, or may otherwise bear liability for, any actual or threatened release of any Hazardous
Substance at any site that is, has been or could reasonably be expected to be listed on the National Priorities List, the Comprehensive
Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Information System, the National Corrective Action Priority System or any similar
or analogous federal, state, provincial, territorial, municipal, county, local or other domestic or foreign list, schedule, inventory
or database of Hazardous Substance sites or facilities.  

(e)
Except as set forth on Schedule 4.22(e) of the Company Disclosure Letter, neither the Company nor any of the Company Subsidiaries
has received any material written complaint, order, directive, claim, citation or notice by any Governmental or Regulatory Authority
with respect to: (i) air emissions; (ii) spills, releases or discharges to soils or any improvements located thereon, surface
water, ground water or the sewer, septic system or waste treatment, storage or disposal systems servicing the Real Property; (iii)
noise emissions; (iv) solid or liquid waste disposal; (v) the use, generation, storage, transportation or disposal of Hazardous
Substances; or (vi) other environmental, health or safety matters, affecting the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries, any
of their respective assets, any of the Real Property, any improvements located thereon or the business conducted thereon, or arising
from the actions or omissions of the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries.  

(f)
To the Company s knowledge, except as set forth on Schedule 4.22(f) of the Company Disclosure Letter, there have not been
and are now no underground storage tanks  owned  or  operated  (as defined by applicable Law) by the Company
or any of the Company Subsidiaries or located on the Real Property.  

(g)
To the Company s knowledge, except as set forth on Schedule 4.22(g) of the Company Disclosure Letter, neither the Company
nor any of the Company Subsidiaries has any material Liability for water treatment or similar obligations.  

4.23
 Brokers  and Finders  Fees . Except as set forth on Schedule 4.23 of the Company Disclosure Letter, the Company
and Company Subsidiaries have not entered into and will not enter into any Contract, agreement, arrangement or understanding with
any Person which will result in the obligation of the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries to pay any finders  fee,
brokerage commission, or similar payment in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby.  

4.24
 Additional Compensation Payments . There are no Persons to whom the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries has or will
have, as of the Closing Date or as a result of, or in connection with, the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement or the other Acquisition Documents, an obligation to make any Additional Compensation Payments.  

4.25
 Transactions with Related Parties . Except as set forth on Schedule 4.25 of the Company Disclosure Letter, to the knowledge
of the Company, no Related Party of the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries has or has had, at any time since March 17,
2016, had any Contract, agreement or other arrangement (written or oral) with the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries.  

4.26
 Compliance with Law . Except as set forth in Environmental Matters (as covered by Section 4.22 hereof), Employee Benefit
Plans (as covered by Section 4.20), Labor Relations (as covered by Section 4.20), the Applicant Violator System (as covered by
Section 4.18), Permits and Bonds (as covered by Section 4.16), Mine Safety and Health (as covered by Section 4.14), Real Property
(as covered by Section 4.12), Tax Matters (as covered by Section 4.17) and except as set forth on Schedule 4.26 of the Company
Disclosure Letter, the Company and the Company Subsidiaries are and have been, since March 17, 2016, in compliance, in all material
respects, with all applicable Laws (including, without limitation, all reclamation requirements of the Permits required to date
by Law) and Orders, and have not received written notice of, or been threatened or placed under, any investigation with respect
to any charge concerning any material noncompliance or alleged material noncompliance with any Law or Order.  

4.27
 Powers of Attorney . Except as set forth in Schedule 4.27 of the Company Disclosure Letter, there are no outstanding powers
of attorney executed on behalf of the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries.  

ARTICLE
5  
  Covenants and Obligations of Buyer   

5.1
 Company Permit and Bond Matters .  

(a)
Subject to required consents or approvals from any federal, state or other governmental body, effective as of the Closing (i)
Seller and the pre-Closing Company hereby transfer to Buyer, as owner and controller of the post-Closing Company, all of their
rights, interests, duties, obligations, and liabilities under the Company Permits, and (ii) Buyer, as owner and controller of
the post-Closing Company, hereby assumes all of Seller s and the Company s rights, interests, duties, obligations,
and liabilities under the Company Permits, including all obligations for reclamation under applicable laws and regulations.  

(b)
Buyer shall, within fifteen (15) days of the Effective Date, file all documents and information necessary to obtain, and thereafter
shall diligently pursue (i) to the extent transfer is permitted under applicable law and regulation, the transfer to Buyer, as
owner and controller of the post-Closing Company, of the Company Permits, and (ii) the obtaining of any necessary replacements
of any Company Permits. Seller shall cooperate with Buyer in all commercially reasonable ways to file and prosecute such applications,
at the sole cost and expense of Buyer. Buyer shall bear any risk or expense associated with not having all necessary and appropriate
Permits issued, assigned, transferred or otherwise in effect for any period following the Closing. Buyer shall be responsible
for all costs associated with the transfer of the Company Permits and the replacement of the substitute bonds with respect thereto.  

(c)
Within fifteen (15) days after the Effective Date, Buyer shall provide Seller with evidence satisfactory to Seller, in Seller s
sole discretion, that Buyer has posted substitute bonds for the Company Permits. Buyer shall cause the existing Bonds (and all
security with respect thereto) obtained by Seller and/or the Company with respect to the Company Permits to be terminated, released,
and returned to Seller as soon as possible, and shall take all such actions and execute all such documents as may be necessary
to effect such termination, release, and return. The  Transition Period  with respect to each Bond shall be the period
beginning on the Effective Date and ending on the date such Bond has been terminated in accordance with this Section 5.1(c).  

(d)
To the extent allowed by and in accordance with applicable Law and regulation, Seller hereby grants to Buyer the right, after
the Effective Date, to conduct operations under any of the Company Permits (and Seller will, at Buyer s request, designate
Buyer or its Affiliate as an operator under the Company Permits for this purpose) until such time as the transfer or replacement
of the Company Permits to Buyer is complete, but in no event for longer than ninety (90) days after the date hereof, or for so
long thereafter as Buyer is diligently pursuing such transfer and Seller shall cooperate with Buyer and provide any reasonably
requested assistance with respect thereto. Buyer agrees to comply in all respects with all conditions and requirements of, or
pertaining to, any such Company Permits that Buyer, the Company, or its Affiliate operates under after the date hereof, and to
comply in all respects with all applicable laws and regulations.  

ARTICLE
6  

   Covenants
and Obligations of Seller   

6.1
 Release of Existing Encumbrances . Except as set forth in Section 8.3(h) below, Seller agrees to secure, as of the Closing,
the release of any Encumbrance held by any party with respect to the Interests or the assets of the Company. The Seller is delivering
the Mortgage Lien Releases pursuant to Section 8.3(h) hereof, however, the filing of such Mortgage Lien Releases with the applicable
clerk s office in order to finalize the release of such Mortgages Liens shall take place post-Closing as soon as reasonably
practicable.  

6.2
 Payables . Seller shall cause all payables and accruals of the Company (excluding bonding obligations with respect to the
Company Permits and excluding unmined mineral and other real property taxes contemplated to be allocated between Seller and Buyer
as of the Closing Date in accordance with Section 2.3 hereof) to be paid in full at the later of (a) Closing, or (b) the date
on which a payable is due in accordance with its terms.  

6.3
 Conduct of the Company   

  .
From the Effective Date until the Closing, except as otherwise provided in this Agreement or consented to in writing by Buyer
(which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed), Seller shall (x) conduct the Business in the ordinary course of
business consistent with past practice; and (y) use reasonable best efforts to maintain and preserve intact its current Business
organization, operations and franchise and to preserve the rights, franchises, goodwill and relationships of its employees, customers,
lenders, suppliers, regulators and others having relationships with the Business.  

(a)
Without limiting the foregoing, from the date hereof until the Closing Date, Seller cause the Company and the Company Subsidiaries
to:   

(1)
pay the debts, Taxes and other obligations of the Business when due;  

(2)
preserve and maintain all Company Permits required for the conduct of the Business as currently conducted or the ownership and
use of the Company;   

(3)
continue to collect Accounts Receivable in a manner consistent with past practice, without discounting such Accounts Receivable;  

(4)
maintain the Company s and the Company s Subsidiaries  properties and assets in the same condition as they were
on the date of this Agreement, subject to reasonable wear and tear;  

(5)
continue in full force and effect without modification all insurance policies with respect to the Company and the Company s
Subsidiaries and their respective assets, except as required by applicable Law;  

(6)
defend and protect the Company s and the Company s Subsidiaries  properties and assets from infringement or
usurpation;  

(7)
perform all of its obligations under all Contracts;  

(8)
maintain the Company and the Company Subsidiaries  Books and Records in accordance with past practice;  

(9)
comply in all material respects with all Laws applicable to the conduct of the Business; and  

(10)
not take or permit any action that would cause any of the changes, events or conditions described in Section 4.6 to occur.  

(b)
Without limiting the foregoing, from the date hereof until the Closing Date, Seller shall not, and will not permit the Company
or any Company Subsidiary to:  

(1)
Make any payment outside of the ordinary course of business in distribution to or redemption of any equity interest, except such
distributions of cash by the Company in order to reduce the amount of all cash that is held by the Company, determined on a consolidated
basis, at the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding the Closing Date to zero;  

(2)
Issue or sell, or offer to issue or sell, any equity security or equity;  

(3)
Create, incur, assume or become responsible for the payment of any indebtedness, other than trade payables incurred in the ordinary
course that are not material in the aggregate, or agree to the amendment of any existing indebtedness, or incur any liability
to a Company Subsidiary connection with the acquisition of any asset from such Company Subsidiary;  

(4)
(A) Engage in any sale or series of related sales of any material assets other than sales in the ordinary course of business or
(B) sell or agree to sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of the assets of;  

(5)
Incur, assume or suffer any lien upon or in respect of any of its property or assets to secure any indebtedness, other than (A)
municipal, tax, association and similar liens on property owned by the Company or any Company Subsidiary typically imposed on
similar properties, or (B) construction, workman s or materialman s liens on property owned by the Company or any
Company Subsidiary incurred in the ordinary course;  

(6)
Consolidate or merge with any other entity or reorganize;  

(7)
Liquidate or dissolve or file for bankruptcy protection;   

(8)
Except as otherwise specifically set forth in this Agreement, to become a party to any transaction or other arrangement with a
Related Party, their family members or any entity owned or controlled by any of them;  

(9)
Adopt any change in its Charter Documents or create any new Company Subsidiary; or  

(10)
Pay, discharge, settle or satisfy any material Claim.  

6.4
 Restrictive Covenants .  

(a)
For a period of twelve (12) months commencing on the Closing Date (the  Restricted Period ), Seller and Seller s
Management shall not, and shall not permit any of its or their respective Affiliates to, directly or indirectly, hire or solicit
any person who is employed by the Buyer, the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries, or encourage any such employee to leave
such employment or hire any such employee who has left such employment, except pursuant to a general solicitation which is not
directed specifically to any such employees;  provided , that nothing in this Section 6.4(a) shall prevent Seller or any
of its Affiliates from hiring (i) any employee whose employment has been terminated by Buyer or the Company during the Restricted
Period or thereafter, or (ii) after 180 days from the date of termination of employment, any employee whose employment has been
terminated by the employee.  

(b)
From and after the Closing, Seller and Seller s Management shall, and shall cause their respective Affiliates to, hold,
and shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause its or their respective Representatives to hold, in confidence any and all
information, whether written or oral, concerning the Business, except to the extent that Seller can show that such information
(a) is generally available to and known by the public through no fault of Seller or Seller s Management, any of their respective
Affiliates or their respective Representatives; or (b) is lawfully acquired by Seller or Seller s Management, any of their
respective Affiliates or their respective Representatives from and after the Closing from sources which are not prohibited from
disclosing such information by a legal, contractual or fiduciary obligation. If Seller, any of Seller s Management or any
of their respective Affiliates or their respective Representatives are compelled to disclose any information by judicial or administrative
process or by other requirements of Law, Seller shall promptly notify Buyer in writing and shall disclose only that portion of
such information which Seller is advised by its counsel in writing is legally required to be disclosed, provided that Seller shall
use reasonable best efforts to obtain an appropriate protective order or other reasonable assurance that confidential treatment
will be accorded such information.  

(c)
Each of Seller and Seller s Management acknowledges that a breach or threatened breach of this Section 6.4 would give rise
to irreparable harm to Buyer, for which monetary damages would not be an adequate remedy, and hereby agrees that in the event
of a breach or a threatened breach by Seller or any of Seller s Management of any such obligations, Buyer shall, in addition
to any and all other rights and remedies that may be available to it in respect of such breach, be entitled to equitable relief,
including a temporary restraining order, an injunction, specific performance and any other relief that may be available from a
court of competent jurisdiction (without any requirement to post bond).  

(d)
Each of Seller and each of Seller s Management acknowledges that the restrictions contained in this Section 6.4 are reasonable
and necessary to protect the legitimate interests of Buyer and constitute a material inducement to Buyer to enter into this Agreement
and consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. In the event that any covenant contained in this Section 6.4 should
ever be adjudicated to exceed the time, geographic, product or service or other limitations permitted by applicable Law in any
jurisdiction, then any court is expressly empowered to reform such covenant, and such covenant shall be deemed reformed, in such
jurisdiction to the maximum time, geographic, product or service or other limitations permitted by applicable Law. The covenants
contained in this Section 6.4 and each provision hereof are severable and distinct covenants and provisions. The invalidity or
unenforceability of any such covenant or provision as written shall not invalidate or render unenforceable the remaining covenants
or provisions hereof, and any such invalidity or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable
such covenant or provision in any other jurisdiction.  

6.5
 Access to Information . From the date hereof until the Closing, Seller shall (a) afford Buyer and its Representatives full
and free access to and the right to inspect all of the Real Property, properties, assets, premises, Books and Records, Contracts
and other documents and data related to the Business; (b) furnish Buyer and its Representatives with such financial, operating
and other data and information related to the Business as Buyer or any of its Representatives may reasonably request; and (c)
instruct the Representatives of Seller to cooperate with Buyer in its investigation of the Business. Without limiting the foregoing,
if requested, Seller shall permit Buyer and its Representatives to conduct environmental due diligence of the Real Property, including
the collecting and analysis of samples of indoor or outdoor air, surface water, groundwater or surface or subsurface land on,
at, in, under or from the Real Property. Any investigation pursuant to this Section 6.5 shall be conducted in such manner as not
to interfere unreasonably with the conduct of the Business or any other businesses of Seller. No investigation by Buyer or other
information received by Buyer shall operate as a waiver or otherwise affect any representation, warranty or agreement given or
made by Seller in this Agreement.  

6.6
 Notice of Certain Events . From the date hereof until the Closing, Seller shall promptly notify Buyer in writing of:  

(a)
any fact, circumstance, event or action the existence, occurrence or taking of which (i) has had, or could reasonably be expected
to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect, (ii) has resulted in, or could reasonably be expected
to result in, any representation or warranty made by Seller hereunder not being true and correct or (iii) has resulted in, or
could reasonably be expected to result in, the failure of any of the conditions set forth in Section 8.1 or Section 8.3 to be
satisfied;  

(i)
any notice or other communication from any Person alleging that the consent of such Person is or may be required in connection
with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement;  

(ii)
any notice or other communication from any Governmental or Regulatory Authority in connection with the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement; and  

(iii)
any Actions commenced or, to Seller s knowledge, threatened against, relating to or involving or otherwise affecting the
Business, the assets or liabilities of the Company or any Company Subsidiary that, if pending on the date of this Agreement, would
have been required to have been disclosed pursuant to Section 4.6 or Section 4.11 or that relates to the consummation of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.  

(b)
Buyer s receipt of information pursuant to this Section 6.6 shall not operate as a waiver or otherwise affect any representation,
warranty or agreement given or made by Seller in this Agreement and shall not be deemed to amend or supplement the Company Disclosure
Letter.  

6.7
 Books and Records .  

(a)
In order to facilitate the resolution of any claims made by or against or incurred by the Company after the Closing, or for any
other reasonable purpose, for a period of seven (7) years following the Closing, Seller shall:  

(i)
retain the books and records (including personnel files) of Seller which relate to the Business and its operations for periods
prior to the Closing; and  

(ii)
upon reasonable notice, afford the Buyer s Representatives reasonable access (including the right to make, at Buyer s
expense, photocopies), during normal business hours, to such books and records.  

6.8
 Closing Conditions . From the Effective Date until the Closing, Seller shall use its best efforts to take such actions as
are necessary to expeditiously satisfy the closing conditions set forth in Article 8 hereof.  

6.9
  Employees  .  

(a)
Commencing on the Closing Date, Seller shall be solely responsible, and Buyer shall have no obligations whatsoever for, any compensation
or other amounts payable to any current or former employee, officer, director, independent contractor or consultant of the Business,
including, without limitation, hourly pay, commission, bonus, salary, accrued vacation, fringe, pension or profit sharing benefits
or severance pay for any period relating to the service with Seller at any time on or prior to the Closing Date and Seller shall
pay all such amounts to all entitled persons on or prior to the Closing Date, or as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter
in accordance with Seller s normal payroll practices.  

(b)
 Except for those claims set forth on Schedule 4.11 to the Company
Disclosure Letter, the Seller shall remain solely responsible for the satisfaction of all claims for medical, dental, life insurance,
health accident or disability benefits brought by or in respect of current or former employees, officers, directors, independent
contractors or consultants of the Business or the spouses, dependents or beneficiaries thereof, which claims relate to events
occurring on or prior to the Closing Date. Except for those claims set forth on Schedule 4.11 to the Company Disclosure Letter,
Seller also shall remain solely responsible for all worker s compensation claims of any current or former employees, officers,
directors, independent contractors or consultants of the Business which relate to events occurring on or prior to the Closing
Date. Seller shall pay, or cause to be paid, all such amounts to the appropriate persons as and when due.    

ARTICLE
7  

   Mutual
Covenants   

7.1
 Post-Closing Tax Matters .  

(a)
The Seller shall prepare or cause to be prepared, and shall file or cause to be filed, at the Seller s sole expense, all
federal and state tax returns for the Company for all periods ending on or prior to the Closing Date which are due to be filed
after the Closing Date (the  Final Tax Returns ). The Buyer shall be responsible for filing all federal and state
tax returns for the Company, and for paying all Taxes of the Company, for all periods ending after the Closing Date.  

(b)
Buyer agrees to pay all sales or use, transfer and other taxes (except income taxes) arising from or related to the transactions
contemplated hereby ( Transfer Taxes ) up to $50,000 and any Transfer Taxes in excess of $50,000 shall be paid 50%
by Seller and 50% by Buyer to be paid in full at the later of (a) Closing, or (b) the date on which such Transfer Tax is due.
The Buyer and Seller shall cooperate to facilitate the payment of such Transfer Taxes in excess of $50,000.  

(c)
Buyer and Seller shall cooperate fully, as and to the extent reasonably requested by the other party, in connection with the filing
of tax returns and any audit, litigation or other proceeding with respect to taxes. Such cooperation shall include the retention
and (upon the other party s request) the provision of records and information reasonably relevant to any such tax return,
audit, litigation or other proceeding and making employees available on a mutually convenient basis to provide additional information
and explanation of any material provided hereunder. Buyer and Seller agree (i) to retain all books and records with respect to
tax matters pertinent to the Company relating to any taxable period beginning before the Closing Date until expiration of the
statute of limitations of the respective taxable periods (and to the extent notified by Buyer, any extensions thereof), and to
abide by all record retention agreements entered into with any taxing authority, and (ii) to give the other party reasonable written
notice prior to transferring, destroying or discarding any such books and records and, if the other party so requests, Buyer or
Seller, as the case may be, shall allow the other party to take possession of such books and records.  

7.2
 Further Assurances . Upon the reasonable request of any party at any time after the Closing, the other parties shall promptly
execute and deliver such documents and instruments and take such additional action as the requesting party may request to effectuate
the intents and purposes of this Agreement.  

7.3
 Public Disclosure . No party hereto shall issue or cause the publication of any press release or other announcement with
respect to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby without the prior written consent of the other parties, except
where such release or announcement is required by applicable Law, court process or the requirements of any national securities
exchange and provided that the other parties are notified in writing as to the content of such release or announcement prior to
the publication thereof and are given a reasonable opportunity to comment thereon. Wexford Capital LP shall have the right to
consent to any use of its name (or the name of any of its affiliates) in any publicity (including press releases and announcements).  

7.4
 Expenses . Whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby are consummated, all costs and expenses incurred in connection
with the negotiation and consummation of the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement shall be paid by the party incurring such costs and expenses.  

7.5
 No Other Representations or Warranties . Buyer agrees that, except for the representations and warranties made by the Seller
that are expressly set forth in Article 4 (as modified by the Company Disclosure Letter) and in any certificate provided pursuant
to Section 8.3(c), neither Seller nor the Company has made and shall not be deemed to have made any representation or warranty
of any kind. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Buyer agrees that neither the Seller, the Company, any Company
Subsidiary, nor any of their respective Affiliates or representatives, makes or has made any representation or warranty to Buyer
or its Affiliates with respect to:  

(a)
any projections, forecasts or other estimates, plans or budgets of future revenues, expenses or expenditures, future results of
operations (or any component thereof), future cash flows (or any component thereof) or future financial condition (or any component
thereof) of the Company or any Company Subsidiary or the future business, operations or affairs of the Company or any Company
Subsidiary heretofore or hereafter delivered to or made available to Buyer or its representatives or Affiliates; or  

(b)
any other information, statement or documents heretofore or hereafter delivered or made available to Buyer or its representatives
or Affiliates, except to the extent and as expressly covered by a representation or warranty made by the Seller and contained
in Article 4 of this Agreement (as modified by the Company Disclosure Letter).  

7.6
 Cooperation . In the event that any administrative or judicial proceeding is instituted (or threatened to be instituted)
by a Governmental or Regulatory Authority or private party challenging the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, or any
other agreement contemplated hereby, each of Buyer and Seller shall, and Seller shall cause the Company to, cooperate with each
other and use its respective commercially reasonable efforts to contest and resist any such proceeding and to have vacated, lifted,
reversed or overturned any decree, judgment, injunction or other order, whether temporary, preliminary or permanent, that is in
effect and that prohibits, prevents or restricts consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Buyer shall
cause the Company to reasonably cooperate, at Seller s cost and expense, after the Closing Date with respect to the handling
and use of Seller s information technology assets and employees located on the Company s property. Each party shall
cooperate fully with the other party and its Affiliates in promptly seeking to obtain all required hereunder consents, authorizations,
orders and approvals.  

7.7
 Allocation of Purchase Price . The Purchase Price and Liabilities of the Company (plus other relevant items) shall be allocated
among the assets of the Company for all purposes (including Tax and financial accounting) as shown on the allocation schedule
(the  Allocation Schedule ). A draft of the Allocation Schedule shall be prepared by Buyer and delivered to Seller
within thirty (30) days following the Closing Date. If the Seller does not notify Buyer, in writing within thirty (30) days of
receipt of the Allocation Schedule, that it objects to one or more items reflected therein, then the Seller shall be deemed to
have accepted the Allocation Schedule. If the Seller notifies Buyer, in writing within thirty (30) days of receipt of the Allocation
Schedule, that it objects to one or more items reflected in the Allocation Schedule, Seller and Buyer shall negotiate in good
faith to resolve such dispute;  provided, however , that if they are unable to resolve any dispute with respect to the Allocation
Schedule within thirty (30) days following Buyer s receipt of Seller s notice of objection, such dispute shall be
submitted to the Independent Auditor for resolution as a tax expert and not an arbiter, and the parties shall use reasonable efforts
to cause the Independent Auditor to resolve the disagreements within thirty (30) days. The Allocation Schedule, as accepted or
agreed to by the parties or finally determined by the Independent Auditor, shall be binding on Seller, Buyer, and the Company.
The fees and expenses of the Independent Auditor shall be borne half by Seller and half by Buyer. The parties shall file all Tax
Returns (including amended returns and claims for refund) and information reports in a manner consistent with the Allocation Schedule.
Any adjustments to the Purchase Price pursuant to this Agreement shall be allocated in a manner consistent with the Allocation
Schedule.  

ARTICLE
8  

   Conditions
Precedent   

8.1
 Conditions to Obligations of the Parties   .  The obligations of each of the Parties to consummate the Transactions
are subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions: 

(c)
No provision of any Law shall prohibit the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby;  

(d)
there shall not be pending any action by any Governmental or Regulatory Authority seeking to prohibit the consummation of the
Transactions; and  

(e)
All consents, authorizations, orders and approvals from Governmental or Regulatory Authorities that are required to be obtained
or given prior to or upon the Closing Date, in each case, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Buyer and Seller, and
no such consent, authorization, order and approval shall have been revoked.  

8.2
 Conditions Precedent to Seller s Obligations . The obligation of Seller to consummate the transactions contemplated
to be completed by the Closing Date under this Agreement shall be subject to the satisfaction of each of the following conditions
at or before the Closing Date:  

(a)
 Representations, Warranties and Covenants . The representations and warranties of Buyer contained herein, without taking
into account any materiality or material adverse effect qualifiers set forth therein, shall be true and correct in all respects
at and as of the date of this Agreement and at and as of the Closing (except for such representations and warranties that are
made as of a specific date, which representations and warranties shall be true and correct at and as of such specific date), except
where the failure of such representations and warranties to be true and correct in all respects has not had and would not be reasonably
expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on the ability of Buyer to consummate the Transactions
or perform its obligations hereunder. Buyer shall have performed all obligations and complied with all covenants and obligations
required by this Agreement to be performed or complied with by it at or prior to the Closing Date.  

(b)
 Other Acquisition Documents . Buyer shall have executed and delivered all other Acquisition Documents.  

(c)
 Consents and Approvals . All consents and approvals required to be obtained by Seller in connection with the transactions
contemplated hereby shall have been obtained.  

8.3
 Conditions Precedent to Buyer s Obligations . The obligation of Buyer to consummate the transactions contemplated
to be completed by the Closing Date under this Agreement shall be subject to the satisfaction of each of the following conditions
at or before the Closing Date:  

(a)
 Representations, Warranties and Covenants . The representations and warranties of Seller contained hereinshall be true and
correct in all respects at and as of the date of this Agreement and at and as of the Closing (except for such representations
and warranties that are made as of a specific date, which representations and warranties shall be true and correct at and as of
such specific date), and each of the Fundamental Representations shall be true and correct in all respects at and as of the date
of this Agreement and at and as of the Closing (except for Fundamental Representations that are made as of a specific date, which
Fundamental Representations shall be true and correct at and as of such specific date). Seller shall have performed all obligations
and complied with all covenants required by this Agreement to be performed or complied with by it prior to the Closing Date.  

(b)
 Other Acquisition Documents . Seller shall have executed and delivered all other Acquisition Documents.  

(c)
 Consents and Approvals . All consents and approvals required to be obtained by Buyer in connection with the transactions
contemplated hereby shall have been obtained.  

(d)
 Material Adverse Effect . Since the Most Recent Balance Sheet Date, there shall have been no Material Adverse Effect, nor
shall any event or events have occurred that, individually or in the aggregate, with or without the lapse of time, could reasonably
be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.  

(e)
 Seller Certification . Buyer shall have received a certificate signed by the Seller to the effect that the conditions in
Section 8.3(a) and Section 8.3(d) have been satisfied (the  Seller Certification ).  

(f)
 Secretary Certificate . Buyer shall have received a certificate of the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary (or equivalent
officer) of Seller certifying that attached thereto are true and complete copies of all resolutions adopted by the board of directors
of Seller authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the other Acquisition Documents and the consummation
of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, and that all such resolutions are in full force and effect and are all the
resolutions adopted in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby.  

(g)
 Incumbency Certificate . Buyer shall have received a certificate of the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary (or equivalent
officer) of Seller certifying the names and signatures of the officers of Seller authorized to sign this Agreement, the Acquisition
Documents and the other documents to be delivered hereunder and thereunder.  

(h)
 Release of Encumbrances . All Encumbrances relating to the Interests and the Real Property and other assets of the Company
and the Company Subsidiaries shall have been released in full, other than Permitted Encumbrances, and at Closing Seller shall
have delivered to Buyer written evidenceof the Bank s release of such Encumbrances (the  Mortgage Lien Releases );
provided however, that the Encumbrances created and maintained pursuant to that Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as
of July 29, 2011, as amended, by and among Seller, each of the guarantors party thereto, the Lenders party thereto, and PNC Bank,
National Association (the  Bank ), as Administrative Agent (the  Mortgage Liens ), shall be released upon
the filing of such Mortgage Lien Releases after the Closing Date as soon as reasonably practicable.  

(i)
 Resignations . Seller shall have delivered to Buyer resignations of all directors and officers of the Company and the Company
Subsidiaries and provided evidence of its removal of all signatories from the Company s and the Company Subsidiaries 
bank accounts.  

(j)
 Additional Documents and Instruments . Seller shall have delivered to Buyer such other documents or instruments as Buyer
reasonably requests and are reasonably necessary to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.  

8.4
 Frustration of Closing Conditions  . None of the Buyer or the Seller may rely on the failure of any condition set
forth in Section 8.1, Section 8.2 or Section 8.3, as the case may be, to be satisfied if such failure was caused by such Party s
failure to use the standard of effort required from such Party to consummate the Transactions, as required by and subject to Section
7.6 and Section 11.11. 

ARTICLE
9  
  Closing and Termination   

9.1
 Closing . The Closing shall take place at the Seller s office in Lexington, Kentucky on August ___, 2016 (the  Closing
Date ).  

9.2
 The Closing Date . For tax and accounting purposes, the Closing shall be deemed to have occurred at one minute before midnight
on the Closing Date.  

9.3
 Termination . This Agreement may be terminated and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement may be abandoned at any
time prior to the Closing only as provided below:  

(a)
by mutual written agreement of the Buyer and the Seller;  

(b)
by either the Buyer or the Seller if the transactions contemplated by this Agreement have not been consummated on or before September
__, 2016;  provided,  that the right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 9.3(b) will not be available to
any Party hereto whose knowing or willful breach of any provision of this Agreement results in the failure of the Transactions
to be consummated by such time;  

(c)
by either the Seller or Buyer if consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby would violate any non-appealable final order,
decree or judgment of any Governmental or Regulatory Authority having competent jurisdiction;  

(d)
by Buyer if either (i) there has been a breach of, or inaccuracy in, any representation or warranty of the Sellers contained in
Article 4 of this Agreement or (ii) the Seller has breached or violated any covenant contained in this Agreement, in each case
which breach, inaccuracy or violation (A) would result in the failure to satisfy a condition set forth in Section 8.1 or Section
8.3 and (B) cannot be or has not been cured by the date which is twenty (20) days after Buyer notifies the Seller of such breach,
inaccuracy or violation; or  

(e)
by the Seller if either (i) there has been a breach of, or inaccuracy in, any representation or warranty of any of Buyer contained
in Article 3 of this Agreement or (ii) the Buyer has breached or violated any covenant contained in this Agreement, in each case
which breach, inaccuracy or violation (A) would result in the failure to satisfy a condition set forth in Section 8.1 or Section
8.2 and (B) cannot be or has not been cured by the date which is twenty (20) days after such Seller notifies Buyer of such breach,
inaccuracy or violation.  

The
Party hereto desiring to terminate this Agreement pursuant to clauses (b), (c), (d), or (e) above will give notice of such termination
to the other Party.  

9.4
 Effect of Termination . If this Agreement is terminated as permitted by Section 9.3, the representations and warranties
of the Buyer and the Seller shall terminate, there shall be no liability of any Party hereto arising from or relating to any breaches
by such Party of its representations and warranties, and termination shall be each Party s exclusive remedy for any breach
by another party of its representations and warranties;  provided, however:   

(a)
that nothing herein is intended or shall be construed to limit the liability of any Party hereto if such termination results from
such Party s intentional (i) failure to fulfill a condition to the performance of the obligations of the other Party or
(ii) failure to perform a covenant under this Agreement;  

(b)
that the rights and obligations of the Buyer and Seller under Sections 5.1, 6.4, 6.7, 6.9 and 7.1, 7.2, 7.3, 7..4, 7.6, 7,7 and
9.4 and Articles 10 and 11 will survive any termination hereof pursuant to Section 8.  

ARTICLE
10  
  Survival of Representations, Warranties and Covenants;
Indemnification   

10.1
 Survival of Representations, Warranties and Covenants . Each representation and warranty (other than the Fundamental Representations)
contained in this Agreement shall expire on the one-year anniversary of the Closing Date, except that any such representation
or warranty that has been made the subject of a Claim prior to such expiration date shall survive with respect to such Claim until
the final resolution of such Claim pursuant to this Article 10. Unless otherwise expressly stated herein, all Fundamental Representations,
covenants and agreements of the parties contained in this Agreement shall survive the Closing indefinitely. The Fundamental Representations
set forth in Section 4.7 (Tax Matters) and in Section 4.22 (Environmental Matters) will survive the Closing until the date that
is 30 days following the expiration of the applicable statute of limitations. The Fundamental Representations, other than the
Tax Matters representations and Environmental Matters representations, will survive the Closing indefinitely.  

10.2
 Indemnification Provisions for Benefit of Buyer . Subject to the limitations set forth in this Article 10, after the Closing,
Buyer and its representatives (each, an  Indemnified Party  and collectively, the  Indemnified Parties 
and the party against whom such claims are asserted under this Article 10 is referred to as the  Indemnifying Party )
shall be indemnified and held harmless from and in respect of any and all damages, losses, claims, deficiencies, liabilities,
suits, demands, judgments and costs and expenses (including costs of investigations and reasonable attorneys  fees) (each
a  Loss  and collectively  Losses ) related to, resulting from, arising out of, or caused by, directly
or indirectly:  

(a)
any breach Seller or Seller s Management of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement contained in this Agreement
(including any inaccuracy in the Seller Certification with respect to any of the matters to be set forth thereon) or any other
Acquisition Document (a  Company Breach Claim );  

(b)
the Seller s fraud (a  Company Fraud Claim );  

(c)
Company Indemnified Taxes ( Company Tax Claim );  

(d)
Additional Compensation Payments that are not included as a current liability on the Balance Sheet (a  Compensation Claim );  

(e)
any Third Party Claim based upon, resulting from or arising out of the business, operations, properties, assets or obligations
of the Company, any Company Subsidiary or any of their respective Affiliates conducted, existing or arising on or prior to the
Closing Date, but only to the extent not disclosed in the Seller s representations herein or the Company Disclosure Letter
(each a  Pre-Closing Third Party Claim );  

(g)
any and all liabilities arising from or related to operations under the existing Bonds (including, without limitation, all Bond
premium payments) for the Company Permits prior to the Transition Period, but only to the extent not disclosed in the Seller s
representations herein or the Company Disclosure Letter ( Company Bond Claims ); and  

(h)
any and all liabilities arising prior to the Closing from or related to violations of mining and environmental laws or regulation
under the Company Permits arising or resulting from operations of Seller the Company, or their Affiliates prior to the Closing,
but only to the extent not disclosed in the Seller s representations herein or the Company Disclosure Letter ( Company
Permit Claims ).  

10.3
 Certain Limitations .  

(a)
The indemnification provided in Section 10.2 is subject to the following limitations:  

(i)
No Indemnified Party may recover any Losses with respect to a Company Breach Claim (other than a Company Breach Claim that constitutes
a breach of any of the Fundamental Representations, a Company Fraud Claim, a Pre-Closing Third Party Claim, a Company Tax Claim,
a Company Bond Claim, a Company Permit Claim or a Compensation Claim) until the cost of all Losses incurred by the Indemnified
Party based on the same or a substantially similar set of facts giving rise to a Company Breach Claim exceeds $10,000 ( Excluded
Company Claims ). Additionally, no Indemnified Party may recover any Losses under this Article relating to a Company Breach
Claim (other than a Company Breach Claim that constitutes a breach of any of the Fundamental Representations, a Company Fraud
Claim, a Pre-Closing Third Party Claim, a Company Tax Claim, a Company Bond Claim, a Company Permit Claim or a Compensation Claim)
unless and until the aggregate amount of all such Losses (without regard to any Excluded Company Claims) exceeds the Threshold
Amount and then only with respect to amounts in excess of the Threshold Amount.  

(ii)
The maximum liability of the Company and the Seller, in the aggregate for all claims under Section 10.2 (other than a Company
Breach Claim that constitutes a breach of any of the Fundamental Representations, a Company Fraud Claim, or a Pre-Closing Third
Party Claim), shall be limited to Five Million Dollars ($5,000,000).  

(iii)
No Indemnified Party shall have any indemnification rights with respect to a Company Breach Claim (other than a Company Breach
Claim that constitutes a breach of any of the Fundamental Representations, a Company Fraud Claim, a Pre-Closing Third Party Claim,
a Company Tax Claim, a Company Bond Claim, a Company Permit Claim or a Compensation Claim) and no Indemnifying Party shall have
any obligation to provide indemnity hereunder with respect to such claims, unless such Claim is brought in accordance with this
Article 10 on or before the date that is one (1) year following the Closing Date.  

(b)
The indemnification provided in Section 10.4 is subject to the following limitations:  

(i)
The Seller may not recover any Losses with respect to a Buyer Breach Claim until the cost of all Losses incurred by the Seller
based on the same or a substantially similar set of facts giving rise to a Buyer Breach Claim exceeds $10,000 ( Excluded
Buyer Claims ). Additionally, the Seller may not recover any Losses under this Article relating to a Buyer Breach Claim
unless and until the aggregate amount of all such Losses (without regard to any Excluded Buyer Claims) exceeds the Threshold Amount
and then only with respect to amounts in excess of the Threshold Amount.  

(ii)
The maximum liability of the Company and Buyer for all claims under Section 10.4 shall be limited to $1,000,000.  

(iii)
The Seller shall not have any indemnification rights with respect to a Buyer Breach Claim and no Indemnifying Party shall have
any obligation to provide indemnity hereunder with respect to such claims, unless such Claim is brought in accordance with this
Article 10 on or before the date that is one (1) year following the Closing Date.  

10.4
 Indemnification Provisions for Benefit of Seller . Subject to the limitations set forth in this Article 10, after the Closing,
Seller shall be indemnified and held harmless from and in respect of any and all Losses arising from and after the Closing Date
related to, resulting from, arising out of, or caused by, directly or indirectly:  

(a)
operations under each of the existing Bonds (including, without limitation, all Bond premium payments) for the Permits during
the Transition Period with respect thereto; and  

(b)
violations of mining and environmental laws or regulation under the Permits arising or resulting from operations of Buyer, the
Company, or its Affiliates post-Closing (each of the foregoing, a  Buyer Breach Claim ).  

10.5
 Claims .  

(a)
 Notice.  Any Indemnified Party seeking indemnification hereunder shall promptly notify the Seller of any action, suit, proceeding,
demand, claim or breach (a  Claim ) with respect to which the Indemnified Party claims indemnification hereunder,
and such notice shall specify in reasonable detail the individual items of Loss, the basis for the anticipated liability and the
nature of the breach of representation, warranty, covenant or agreement giving rise to such Losses, provided that the failure
to give such prompt notice shall not relieve the Indemnifying Party of its obligations under this Article 10 except to the extent,
if at all, that such Indemnifying Party shall have been prejudiced thereby.  

(b)
 Third-Party Claims . If such Claim relates to any action, suit, proceeding or demand instituted against the Indemnified
Party by a third party (a  Third-Party Claim ), the Indemnifying Party shall be entitled to assume the defense of
such Third-Party Claim in its own name, or, if necessary, in the name of the Indemnified Party; provided the following conditions
must be satisfied: (i) the Indemnifying Party shall have confirmed in writing, within thirty (30) days after receiving notice
of such Third-Party Claim, that it is assuming such defense, (ii) the Indemnified Party shall not have given the Indemnifying
Party written notice that it has determined, in the exercise of its reasonable discretion, that matters of corporate or management
policy or a conflict of interest make separate representation by the Indemnified Party s own counsel advisable, and (iii)
such Third Party Claim does not involve a Claim for equitable relief involving the ongoing operations of Buyer, the Company, or
any of their respective Subsidiaries. In the event that the Indemnifying Party assumes the defense of any Third-Party Claim, subject
to Section 10.5(c), (A) it shall have the right to take such action as it deems necessary to avoid, dispute, defend, appeal or
make counterclaims pertaining to any such Third- Party Claim, and (B) the Indemnified Party shall have the right, at its own cost
and expense, to participate in the defense of any Third-Party Claim with counsel selected by it subject to the Indemnifying Party s
right to control the defense thereof. If the Indemnifying Party elects not to defend such Third-Party Claim, by failing to give
notice as provided in this Agreement or otherwise, or is not permitted to defend such Third-Party Claim, or fails to diligently
prosecute the defense of such Third-Party Claim, the Indemnified Party may, subject to Section 10.5(c), pay, compromise and/or
defend such Third-Party Claim and seek indemnification for any and all Losses based upon, arising from or relating to such Third-Party
Claim.  

(c)
 Settlement of Third-Party Claims . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, the Indemnifying
Party shall not compromise or settle any Third- Party Claim without the prior written consent of the Indemnified Party (which
consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed) unless such compromise or settlement (i) provides for the unconditional
release of the Indemnified Party from all Liabilities in connection with such Third- Party Claim, and (ii) relates to a Claim
for monetary relief only. If the Indemnified Party has assumed the defense of the Third-Party Claim, it shall not compromise or
settle such Third-Party Claim without the prior written consent of the Indemnifying Party (which consent shall not be unreasonably
withheld, conditioned or delayed).  

(d)
 Direct Claims . Following receipt of notice of a Claim on account of a Loss which does not result from a Third-Party Claim
(a  Direct Claim ), the Indemnifying Party shall have 30 days to respond in writing to such Direct Claim. If the Indemnifying
Party does not respond within such 30 day period, the Indemnifying Party will be deemed to have accepted such Direct Claim. If
the Indemnifying Party rejects all or any part of such Direct Claim, the Indemnifying Party and the Indemnified Party shall attempt
in good faith for 30 days to resolve such Direct Claim. If no such agreement can be reached through good faith negotiation within
30 days, either the Indemnifying Party or the Indemnified Party may resolve such dispute using such remedies as may be available
on the terms and subject to the provisions of this Agreement.  

(e)
 Method and Manner of Paying Claims . In the event of any Claims under this Article 10, the claimant shall advise the Indemnifying
Party by written notice specifying in reasonable detail the individual items of damages for which indemnification is being sought,
the date each such item was paid, or properly accrued or arose, and the nature of the misrepresentation, breach of warranty or
claim to which such item is related. The Indemnifying Party shall first satisfy any such obligation by offsetting such amount
against the unpaid Deferred Payments, if any, and thereafter if this amount is insufficient to permit recovery in full with respect
to such claims or unavailable, by seeking redress from the Seller which shall satisfy such Claim by wire transfer of immediately
available funds within 15 Business days of the date upon which such a Claim is agreed to by the Indemnifying Party or is finally
adjudicated to be payable pursuant to this Article.  

10.6
 Remedy . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the parties hereto acknowledge that, after the Closing
Date, the indemnification provisions set forth in this Article constitute the sole and exclusive recourse and remedy of the Indemnified
Parties with respect to the breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement of the Seller contained in this Agreement,
the other Acquisition Documents or in any closing certificate executed and delivered by the Seller in connection herewith or otherwise
in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby. Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, no party
hereto shall in any event be liable to any Person, on account of any indemnity obligations set forth in this Article 10 or otherwise,
for, and each party hereto waives any right it may have to claim or recover, any indirect, consequential, special, incidental
or punitive damages (including lost profits, diminution in value, loss of use, damage to goodwill or loss of business) other than
any such damages paid to a third party in connection with a Third-Party Claim. In furtherance of the foregoing, each party hereby
waives, to the fullest extent permitted under Law, any and all rights, claims and causes of action for any breach of any representation,
warranty, covenant, agreement or obligations set forth herein or otherwise relating to the subject matter of this Agreement it
may have against the other parties hereto and their Affiliates and each of their respective representatives arising under or based
upon any Law, except pursuant to the indemnification provision set forth in this Article 10 and except for any such rights, claims,
or causes of action arising from fraud, intentional misrepresentation or willful misconduct. Nothing in this Section shall limit
any Person s right to seek and obtain any injunctive or other equitable relief, including pursuant to Section 11.7, to which
any Person shall be entitled.  

10.7
 Amount of Losses .  

(a)
The amount of any Loss payable hereunder shall be reduced by any insurance proceeds actually received by the Indemnified Party
with respect to the event or occurrence giving rise to such Losses and shall be reduced by any amounts which the Indemnified Party
actually receives from third parties in connection with Losses for which indemnification is sought under this Article in each
case net of any expenses incurred in obtaining such proceeds or amounts. The Indemnified Party shall use commercially reasonable
efforts to pursue insurance or other claims that may reduce or eliminate Losses. If the Indemnified Party both collects proceeds
from any insurance company or other Person and receives a payment from the Indemnifying Party pursuant to this Article, and the
sum of such proceeds and payment is in excess of the amount payable with respect to the matter that is the subject of the indemnity,
then the Indemnified Party shall promptly refund the amount of such excess (up to, but not exceeding, the amount of the payment
received from the Indemnifying Party) to the Indemnifying Party.  

(b)
Each Indemnified Party shall take, and shall cause its Affiliates to take, all commercially reasonable steps to mitigate Losses
in connection with claims for which a party seeks indemnification under this Article.  

(c)
The representations, warranties, covenants and agreements of the Indemnifying Party, and the Indemnified Party s right to
indemnification with respect thereto, shall not be affected or deemed waived by reason of any investigation made by or on behalf
of the Indemnified Party (including by any of its representatives) or by reason of the fact that the Indemnified Party or any
of its representatives knew or should have known that any such representation, warranty, covenant or agreement is, was or might
be inaccurate or unsatisfied.  

10.8
 Tax Treatment of Indemnification Payments . All indemnification payments made under this Agreement shall be treated by the
parties as an adjustment to the Purchase Price for Tax purposes, unless otherwise required by Law.  

ARTICLE
11  
  Miscellaneous   

11.1
 Entire Agreement . This Agreement and the other Acquisition Documents, including all amendments, schedules, annexes and
attachments hereto and thereto, constitute the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof,
and supersede all prior understandings with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof. No extension, change, modification,
addition or termination of this Agreement shall be enforceable unless in writing and signed by the party against whom enforcement
is sought.  

11.2
 Benefit and Assignment . This Agreement shall be binding upon, and shall inure to the benefit of, the parties hereto and
their respective executors, administrators, heirs, successors, and permitted assigns. This Agreement, and the rights and obligations
hereunder, may not be assigned by either party hereto without the prior written consent of the other party hereto.  

11.3
 Notices . All notices under this Agreement ( Notices ) shall be given (a) by personal delivery; (b) by registered
or certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested; or (c) by nationally recognized overnight or other express courier
services. Either the Seller or Buyer may change its address by Notice to the other party.  

All
such notices, requests and other communications shall (a) if delivered personally to the address as provided in this Section 11.3,
be deemed given upon delivery; (b) if delivered by facsimile transmission to the facsimile number as provided for in this Section
11.3, be deemed given upon receipt of facsimile confirmation; (c) if delivered by overnight courier to the address as provided
in this Section 11.3, be deemed given on the earlier of the first Business Day following the date sent by such overnight courier
or upon receipt (in each case regardless of whether such notice, request or other communication is received by any other Person
to whom a copy of such notice is to be delivered pursuant to this Section 11.3). Any party from time to time may change its address,
facsimile number or other information for the purpose of notices to that party by giving notice specifying such change to the
other party hereto.  

11.4
 Amendment and Modification . This Agreement may not be amended or modified in any manner nor may any of its provisions be
waived except by written amendment executed by the Buyer and the Seller. A waiver or amendment shall only be effective if (a)
it is in writing and signed by the Buyer and the Seller, (b) it specifically refers to this Agreement and (c) it specifically
states that the applicable Party is waiving or amending its rights hereunder. Any such amendment, modification or waiver shall
be effective only in the specific instance and for the purpose for which it was given.  

11.5
 No Assignment; Binding  Effect. Neither this Agreement nor any right, interest or obligation hereunder may be assigned (by
operation of Law or otherwise) by any party without the prior written consent of the other parties hereto and any attempt to do
so shall be void. Subject to the preceding sentence, this Agreement shall be binding upon, inure to the benefit of and be enforceable
by the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns.  

11.6
 Invalid Provisions . If any provision of this Agreement is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable under any present
or future Law, and if the rights or obligations of any party hereto under this Agreement will not be materially and adversely
affected thereby, (a) such provision shall be fully severable; (b) this Agreement shall be construed and enforced as if such illegal,
invalid or unenforceable provision had never comprised a part hereof; (c) the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall remain
in full force and effect and shall not be affected by the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provision or by its severance herefrom
and (d) in lieu of such illegal, invalid or unenforceable provision, there shall be added automatically as a part of this Agreement
a legal, valid and enforceable provision as similar in terms to such illegal, invalid or unenforceable provision as may be possible.  

11.7
 Specific Performance . The parties hereto agree that irreparable damage would occur in the event that any of the provisions
of this Agreement were not performed in accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise breached. It is accordingly agreed
that the parties shall be entitled to an injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches of this Agreement and to enforce specifically
the terms and provisions of this Agreement, this being in addition to any other remedy to which such party is entitled at law
or in equity.  

11.8
 Headings . The headings used in this Agreement have been included solely for ease of reference and shall not be considered
in the interpretation or construction of this Agreement.  

11.9
 Multiple Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts (including via e-mail transmission),
each of which shall be an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.  

11.10
 Waiver . No waiver or failure to insist upon strict compliance with any agreement or condition shall operate as a waiver
of, or estoppel with respect to, any subsequent or other failure. Any agreement on the part of a party hereto to any such extension
or waiver shall be valid only as against such party and only if set forth in an instrument in writing signed by such party, which
expressly states that it is intended to extend a deadline or waive a right hereunder.  

11.11
 Time of the Essence . The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that time is of the essence in the performance of this Agreement.  

11.12
 Further Assurances . At the request and the sole expense of the requesting party, at any time after the Closing Date, each
party shall execute and deliver such documents as the other party or its counsel may reasonably request to effectuate the intents
and purposes of this Agreement.  

11.13
 Governing Law; Jurisdiction .  

(a)
This Agreement shall be construed, interpreted and the rights of the parties determined in accordance with the laws of the State
of Delaware, without regard to its conflict of laws rules. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any construction or interpretation of
a matter with its primary nexus in the Commonwealth of Kentucky, which shall include only matters related to real property, leases,
Permits, labor and employment, and mining and environmental matters, shall be determined in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth
of Kentucky, without regard to its conflict of laws rules.  

(b)
Each of the parties hereto irrevocably and unconditionally consents and submits to the jurisdiction of the courts of the Commonwealth
of Kentucky and agrees that any action involving any equitable or other claim shall be brought exclusively in the courts of the
Commonwealth of Kentucky situated in Lexington, Fayette County, Kentucky. In the event that the courts of the Commonwealth of
Kentucky situated in Lexington, Fayette County, Kentucky do not accept jurisdiction over any such action, the parties hereto irrevocably
agree that any such action then shall be brought exclusively in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Kentucky.
Each of the parties hereto irrevocably and unconditionally waives any objection to the laying of venue of any action, suit or
proceeding arising out of this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby in (i) the courts of the Commonwealth of Kentucky
situated in Lexington, Fayette County, Kentucky or (ii) the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Kentucky,
and hereby further irrevocably and unconditionally waives and agrees not to plead or claim in any such court that any such action,
suit or proceeding brought in any such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum.  

(c)
EACH PARTY HERETO ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT ANY CONTROVERSY WHICH MAY ARISE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT IS LIKELY TO INVOLVE COMPLICATED
AND DIFFICULT ISSUES, AND THEREFORE EACH SUCH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED
BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT SUCH PARTY MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LITIGATION DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING
OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED BY THIS AGREEMENT. EACH PARTY CERTIFIES AND ACKNOWLEDGES
THAT (I) NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY
WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER, (II) EACH PARTY UNDERSTANDS AND HAS CONSIDERED THE
IMPLICATIONS OF THIS WAIVER, (III) EACH PARTY MAKES THIS WAIVER VOLUNTARILY AND (IV) EACH PARTY HAS BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO
THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 11.13.  

[REMAINDER
OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK.]   

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the date set forth above.  

Rhino
    Energy LLC  

By:  
       /s/
    Richard Boone   

Name:
      
      Richard
    Boone  

Title:
      
      Executive
    Vice President and CFO  

Elk
    Horn Coal Acquisition LLC  

By:  
       /s/
    Arthur Amron   

Name:
      
      Arthur
    Amron  

Title:  
      Vice
    President and Assistant Secretary  

Only
    with respect to Section 6.4 and Article 11  

Seller s
    Management:   

/s/
    William Tuorto   

Name:
      
      William
    Tuorto  

Title:
      
      Executive
    Chairman  

/s/
    Richard Boone   

Name:
      
      Richard
    Boone  

Title:
      
      Executive
    Vice President and CFO  

/s/
    Whitney Kegley   

Name:
      
      Whitney
    Kegley  

Title:
      
      VP,
    Secretary, and General Counsel  

/s/
    Brian Aug   

Name:
      
      Brian
    Aug  

Title:
      
      Vice
    President of Sales  

/s/
    Chad Hunt   

Name:
      
      Chad
    Hunt  

Title:
      
      Senior
    VP of Business Development  

/s/
    Elizabeth Branham   

Name:
      
      Elizabeth
    Branham  

Title:
      
      VP,
    Controller, and Assistant Secretary  

/s/
    Scott Morris   

Name:
      
      Scott
    Morris  

Title:
      
      VP
    of Finance  

Guaranty   

In
order to induce Seller to enter into this Agreement, the undersigned, The Elk Horn Coal Company, LLC ( Guarantor )
hereby unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees the full payment and performance when due of any and all obligations and liabilities
of the Buyer with respect to Deferred Payments, as set forth in Section 2.2(b) of this Agreement (the  Guaranteed Payments ).
If Buyer fails to pay all or any part of the Guaranteed Payments when due, Guarantor, immediately on demand of Seller, will pay
the amount due and unpaid by Buyer, in like manner as if the amount constituted the direct and primary obligation of Guarantor.  

The
    Elk Horn Coal Company, LLC  

By:  
       /s/
    Joseph Funk   

Name:
      
      Joseph
    Funk  

Title:  
      President/CEO  

</EX-2.3>

<EX-10.2>
 4
 ex10-2.htm

SIXTH
AMENDMENT and consent TO AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT  

THIS
SIXTH AMENDMENT AND CONSENT TO AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT (the   Amendment  ) dated as of July 19,
2016, is made by and among  RHINO ENERGY LLC , a Delaware limited liability company (the   Borrower  ),
each of the  GUARANTORS  (as hereinafter defined), the  LENDERS  (as hereinafter defined), and  PNC BANK, NATIONAL
ASSOCIATION , in its capacity as administrative agent for the Lenders under the Credit Agreement (hereinafter referred to in
such capacity as the   Administrative Agent  ).  

W
I T N E S S E T H:  

WHEREAS,
the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders are parties to that certain Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated
July 29, 2011, as amended by that certain First Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated April 18, 2013, as amended
by that certain Second Amendment and Consent to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated March 19, 2014, as amended by that
certain Third Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated April 28, 2015, as amended by that certain Fourth Amendment
to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated March 17, 2016, and further amended by that certain Fifth Amendment to Amended
and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of May 13, 2016 (as the same may be further amended, modified or supplemented from time
to time, the   Credit Agreement  );  

WHEREAS,
the Borrower has requested that the Required Lenders consent under the Credit Agreement to, among other things, the sale of its
subsidiary, The Elk Horn Coal Company, LLC, and agree to the application of the proceeds, all as set forth below.  

NOW,
THEREFORE, the parties hereto, in consideration of their mutual covenants and agreements hereinafter set forth and intending to
be legally bound hereby, covenant and agree as follows:  

1.        Definitions .
Except as set forth in this Amendment, defined terms used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement:  

2.        Amendment
to Credit Agreement   

(a)        Defined
Terms - New . Section 1.1 of the Credit Agreement shall be amended by adding the following new definitions thereto in appropriate
alphabetical order:  

Elk
Horn   shall mean the Borrower s Subsidiary, The Elk Horn Coal Company, LLC.  

Elk
Horn Closing Net Proceeds   shall mean the cash proceeds received by the Loan Parties at the time of closing on the Elk
Horn Purchase Agreement after deducting reasonable costs, expenses and other adjustments associated with such disposition of not
more than $665,000.  

Elk
Horn Letter of Intent   means that certain non-binding letter of intent, dated June 7, 2016, by and between the Borrower
and Wexford.  

Elk
Horn Purchase Agreement   shall mean the agreement to be entered into between the Borrower and Wexford for the purchase
of one hundred percent (100%) of the equity interests of Elk Horn, which shall be on terms and conditions no less favorable than
those set forth in the Elk Horn Letter of Intent and otherwise in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative
Agent.  

Elk
Horn Royalty   shall mean the $1,500,000 of royalty payments which may be payable in equal monthly installments to the
Loan Parties subsequent to the sale of Elk Horn, all as contemplated by the Elk Horn Letter of Intent.  

Sixth
Amendment Effective Date  shall mean July 19, 2016.   

Wexford  
shall mean Wexford Capital LP or one or more of its affiliates.  

(b)        Consent
to Sale of Elk Horn . So long as there has been no sale, conveyance, assignment, lease, abandonment or other transfer or disposal
of assets or assumption of liabilities between any of the Loan Parties and Elk Horn since December 31, 2015, the Required Lenders
(i) consent to the sale of the equity interests in Elk Horn pursuant to the Elk Horn Purchase Agreement for a purchase price of
at least $12,500,000 payable either as (A) Eleven Million Dollars ($11,000,000.00) at closing plus an Elk Horn Royalty of $1,500,000
or (B) Twelve Million Five Hundred Thousand Dollars ($12,500,000) at closing, notwithstanding the restrictions set forth in Section
8.2.7(vi) of the Credit Agreement and (ii) agree to release the liens and security interests of the Administrative Agent and the
Lenders in the equity interests of Elk Horn and its assets upon the sale of the Elk Horn pursuant to the Elk Horn Purchase Agreement
and the receipt of at least $11,000,000 of the purchase price, at closing, by the Loan Parties.  

(c)        Reduction
of Revolving Credit Commitments . In the event that Elk Horn is sold, notwithstanding the provisions of Section 2.12 of the
Credit Agreement, the Revolving Credit Commitments shall be reduced (ratably among the Lenders in proportion to their Ratable
Shares) as follows:  

(i)       If
the sale of Elk Horn includes the Elk Horn Royalty, then  

(A)       by
an amount equal to the greater of (1) the Elk Horn Closing Net Proceeds and (2) $10,335,000, immediately upon the sale of Elk
Horn; and  

(B)       $375,000
on each of the following dates: September 30, 2016; December 31, 2016; March 31, 2017 and June 30, 2017;  

or  

(ii)       If
the sale of Elk Horn is for all cash paid at closing, then by an amount equal to the greater of (1) the Elk Horn Closing Net Proceeds
and (2) $11,835,000, immediately upon the sale of Elk Horn.  

The
reduction(s) in Revolving Credit Commitments shall be accompanied by a prepayment of the Notes, to the extent necessary, to cause
the aggregate Revolving Facility Usage after giving effect to such prepayment to be equal to or less than the Revolving Credit
Commitments as so reduced. For the avoidance of doubt, it is acknowledged and agreed that the contemplated commitment reduction(s)
occurring as a result of the sale of Elk Horn do not reduce or in any way affect the Scheduled Reductions in Revolving Credit
Commitments required by Section 2.12(iv) or Scheduled Equity Contributions required by Section 8.1.17.  

(d)        Schedules .
Upon the sale of Elk Horn, the Borrower shall submit, to the extent necessary, updated schedules to the Credit Agreement.  

3.        Conditions
Precedent . The Borrower acknowledges and agrees that this Amendment and the Administrative Agent and Lenders  consent
set forth in this Amendment are subject to the following conditions precedent as determined by the Administrative Agent to its
satisfaction:  

(a)        Execution
and Delivery of Amendment . The Borrower, the Loan Parties, the Administrative Agent, and the Required Lenders shall have executed
and delivered this Amendment, and all other documentation necessary for effectiveness of this Amendment shall have been executed
and delivered all to the satisfaction of the Borrower, the Required Lenders and the Administrative Agent.  

(b)        Officer s
Certificate . The representations and warranties of the Loan Parties contained in Section 6 of the Credit Agreement, as amended
by the modifications and additional representations and warranties of this Amendment, and in each of the other Loan Documents
shall be true and accurate on and as of the date hereof with the same effect as though such representations and warranties had
been made on and as of such date (except representations and warranties which relate solely to an earlier date or time, which
representations and warranties shall be true and correct on and as of the specific dates or times referred to therein), and each
of the Loan Parties shall have performed and complied with all covenants and conditions hereof and thereof after giving effect
to this Amendment, no Event of Default or Potential Default shall have occurred and be continuing or shall exist after giving
effect to this Amendment; and there shall be delivered to the Administrative Agent for the benefit of each Lender a certificate
of the Borrower dated the date hereof and signed by the Chief Executive Officer, President, or Chief Financial Officer of the
Borrower to each such effect.  

(c)        Secretary s
Certificate . There shall be delivered to the Administrative Agent for the benefit of each Lender a certificate dated the date
hereof and signed by the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of each of the Loan Parties, certifying as appropriate as to:  

(i)       all
action taken by each Loan Party in connection with this Amendment and the other Loan Documents;  

(ii)       the
names of the officer or officers authorized to sign this Amendment and the other Loan Documents and the true signatures of such
officer or officers and specifying the Authorized Officers permitted to act on behalf of each Loan Party for purposes of this
Amendment and the true signatures of such officers, on which the Administrative Agent and each Lender may conclusively rely; and  

(iii)       copies
of its organizational documents, including its certificate of incorporation and bylaws, certificate of limited partnership and
limited partnership agreement or limited liability company certificate and operating agreement, as the case may be, as in effect
on the date hereof and certified by the appropriate state official where such document is filed in a state office (or, in the
event that no change has been made to such organizational documents previously delivered to the Administrative Agent, so certified
by the Secretary or Assistant Secretary of such Loan Party), together with certificates from the appropriate state officials as
to the continued existence and good standing of the Borrower in the state of its formation and the state of its principal place
of business.  

(d)        Legal
Details . All legal details and proceedings in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Amendment and the other
Loan Documents, including but limited to all documentation and information required by the regulatory authorities under applicable
 know your customer , anti-money laundering, and Patriot Act rules and regulations with respect to the Loan Parties,
shall be in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, and the Administrative Agent shall have received all
such other counterpart originals or certified or other copies of such documents and proceedings in connection with such transactions,
in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, as the Administrative Agent or its counsel may reasonably request.  

4.        Representations
and Warranties . By its execution and delivery of this Amendment to Administrative Agent, Borrower, and each of the other Loan
Parties represents and warrants to Administrative Agent and Lenders as follows:  

(a)        Authorization,
Etc . Each Loan Party has duly authorized, executed, and delivered this Amendment.  

(b)        Material
Adverse Change . After giving effect to this Amendment, no Material Adverse Change shall have occurred with respect to Borrower
or any of the other Loan Parties since the Closing Date of the Credit Agreement.  

(c)        Litigation .
After giving effect to this Amendment, there are no actions, suits, investigations, litigation, or governmental proceedings pending
or, to Borrower s or any other Loan Party s knowledge, threatened against any of the Loan Parties that could reasonably
be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.  

(d)        Loan
Documents . The representations and warranties set forth in the Credit Agreement and the Loan Documents shall be true and correct
on and as of the date of this Amendment after giving effect to this Amendment with the same effect as though such representations
and warranties had been made on and as of such date (except representations and warranties that relate solely to an earlier date
or time, which representations and warranties shall be true and correct on and as of the specific dates or times referred to therein),
and no Event of Default shall exist and be continuing under the Credit Agreement or under any Loan Document as of the date of
this Amendment after giving effect to this Amendment.  

5.        Miscellaneous .  

(a)        Full
Force and Effect . Nothing contained herein shall operate to release the Borrower, any other Loan Party, or any other person
or persons from their liability to keep and perform the provisions, conditions, obligations, and agreements contained in the Credit
Agreement or the other Loan Documents, except as expressly herein modified, and the Borrower and each other Loan Party hereby
reaffirms that each and every provision, condition, obligation, and agreement in the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents
shall continue in full force and effect, except as expressly herein modified.  The Borrower and each other Loan Party acknowledge
that there are no agreements to make any further amendments or modifications of the Credit Agreement and the Loan Documents, nor
are the Administrative Agent and the Lenders under any obligation to make any further amendments or modifications to the Credit
Agreement and the Loan Documents other than those changes expressly set forth in this Amendment . This Amendment shall not
constitute or be construed as a waiver of any Event of Default or event which with the giving of notice or the passage of time
or both would constitute an Event of Default by Borrower under any of the Loan Documents or any of the Administrative Agent s
or the Lenders  rights and remedies with respect thereto. The validity, priority and perfection of all security interests
and other liens granted or created by the Loan Documents is hereby acknowledged and confirmed, and the Loan Documents shall continue
to secure the Loans, as amended by this Amendment, without any change, loss or impairment of the priority of such security interests
or other liens.  

(b)        Release
of Administrative Agent and Lenders . The Borrower and each of the other Loan Parties hereby fully and unconditionally release
and forever discharge the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, their employees, directors, officers, attorneys, branches, affiliates,
subsidiaries, successors and assigns and all persons, firms, corporations and organizations acting on any of their behalves (the
  Released Parties  ) of and from any and all claims, liabilities, demands, obligations, damages, losses, actions
and causes of action whatsoever which the Borrower or any of the other Loan Parties may now have or claim to have against the
Released Parties as of the date hereof, whether presently known or unknown and of any nature and extent whatsoever, including,
without limitation, on account of or in any way affecting, concerning or arising out of or founded upon this Amendment, the Credit
Agreement, or any of the Loan Documents, including but not limited to all such loss or damage of any kind heretofore sustained
or that may arise as a consequence of the dealings between the parties up to and including the date hereof, including but not
limited to, the administration or enforcement of the Obligations, the Loan or any of the Loan Documents. The obligations of the
Borrower and the other Loan Parties under the Loan Documents and the Credit Agreement, as amended by this Amendment, shall be
absolute and unconditional and shall remain in full force and effect without regard to, and shall not be released, discharged
or in any way affected by:  

(i)       any
exercise or non-exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege under or in respect of the Credit Agreement, as amended by this
Amendment, the Loan Documents or any document relating to or evidencing any of the Lender s liens or applicable law, including,
without limitation, any waiver, consent, extension, indulgence or other action or inaction in respect thereof; or  

(ii)       any
other act or thing or omission or delay to do any other act or thing which could operate to or as a discharge of the Borrower
or any other Loan Party as a matter of law, other than payment in full of all Obligations, including but not limited to all obligations
under the Loan Documents and the Credit Agreement, as amended by this Amendment.  

(c)        Counterparts .
This Amendment may be signed in counterparts (by facsimile transmission or otherwise), but all of which together shall constitute
one and the same instrument.  

(d)        Incorporation
into Credit Agreement . This Amendment shall be incorporated into the Credit Agreement by this reference. All representations,
warranties, Events of Default, and covenants set forth herein shall be a part of the Credit Agreement as if originally contained
therein.  

(e)        Governing
Law . This Amendment shall be deemed to be a contract under the Laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and for all purposes
shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania without
regard to its conflict of laws principles.  

(f)        No
Novation . Except as amended hereby, all of the terms and conditions of the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall
remain in full force and effect. Borrower, the other Loan Parties, each Lender, and Administrative Agent acknowledge and agree
that this Amendment is not intended to constitute, nor does it constitute, a novation, interruption, suspension of continuity,
satisfaction, discharge or termination of the obligations, loans, liabilities, or indebtedness under the Credit Agreement or the
other Loan Documents.  

[SIGNATURE
PAGE   SIXTH AMENDMENT TO AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT]  

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this instrument as of the day and year first above written.  

BORROWER :   

RHINO
    ENERGY LLC , a Delaware limited liability company    

By:  
       /s/
    Richard A. Boone   
      (SEAL)   

Name:  
      Richard A. Boone  

Title:   
      Executive Vice President
    and CFO  

[SIGNATURE
PAGE   SIXTH AMENDMENT TO AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT]  

GUARANTORS :  

BUCK
    COAL, INC.    

CAM
    AIRCRAFT LLC    

CAM-BB
    LLC    

CAM
    coal trading LLC    

CAM-COLORADO
    LLC    

CAM-KENTUCKY
    REAL ESTATE LLC    

CAM
    MINING LLC    

CAM-ohio
    real estate LLC    

CASTLE
    VALLEY MINING LLC    

CLINTON
    STONE LLC    

HOPEDALE
    MINING LLC    

LEESVILLE
    LAND, LLC    

MCCLANE
    CANYON MINING LLC    

PENNYRILE
    ENERGY LLC    

RAM
    PROCESSING, INC.    

RHINO
    COALFIELD SERVICES LLC    

RHINO
    EXPLORATION LLC    

RHINO
    NORTHERN HOLDINGS LLC    

RHINO
    OILFIELD SERVICES LLC    

RHINO
    SERVICES LLC    

RHINO
    TECHNOLOGIES LLC    

RHINO
    TRUCKING LLC    

SANDS
    HILL MINING LLC    

SPRINGDALE
    LAND, LLC    

TAYLORVILLE
    MINING LLC    

THE
    ELK HORN COAL COMPANY, LLC    

THE
    ELK HORN CORPORATION    

TRIAD
    ROOF SUPPORT SYSTEMS LLC    

By:  
       /s/
    Richard A. Boone    

Name:  
      Richard
    A. Boone   

Title:  
      Executive
    Vice President and CFO of each    

Guarantor
    listed above on behalf of each   

such
    Guarantor   

[SIGNATURE
PAGE   SIXTH AMENDMENT TO AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT]  

RHINO
    RESOURCE PARTNERS LP    

By:  
      Rhino
    GP LLC, its general partner   

By:
      
       /s/
    Richard A. Boone    

Name:  
      Richard
    A. Boone   

Title:  
      Executive
    Vice President and CFO   

[SIGNATURE
PAGE   SIXTH AMENDMENT TO AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT]  

PNC
    BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION ,   
     individually and as Administrative Agent   

By:  
       /s/
    Christopher B. Gribble    

Name:  
      Christopher
    B. Gribble   

Title:  
      Senior
    Vice President   

[SIGNATURE
PAGE   SIXTH AMENDMENT TO AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT]  

MUFG
    UNION BANK, N.A.    

By:
      
       /s/
    Timothy C. Hintz    

Name:  
      Timothy
    C. Hintz   

Title:  
      Director   

[SIGNATURE
PAGE   SIXTH AMENDMENT TO AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT]  

RAYMOND
    JAMES BANK, N.A.    

By:  
       /s/
    H. Fred Coble, Jr.    

Name:  
      H.
    Fred Coble, Jr.   

Title:  
      Senior
    Vice President   

[SIGNATURE
PAGE   SIXTH AMENDMENT TO AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT]  

THE
    HUNTINGTON NATIONAL BANK    

By:
      
       /s/
    Bruce G. Shearer    

Name:  
      Bruce
    G. Shearer   

Title:  
      Senior
    Vice President   

[SIGNATURE
PAGE   SIXTH AMENDMENT TO AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT]  

WELLS
    FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION    

By:
      
       /s/
    Stephanie Micua    

Name:  
      Stephanie
    Micua   

Title:  
      Senior
    Vice President   

[SIGNATURE
PAGE   SIXTH AMENDMENT TO AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT]  

FIFTH
    THIRD BANK    

By:
      
       /s/
    David R. Garcia    

Name:  
      David
    R. Garcia   

Title:  
      Vice
    President   

[SIGNATURE
PAGE   SIXTH AMENDMENT TO AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT]  

ROYAL
    BANK OF CANADA    

By:
      
       /s/
    Leslie P. Vowell    

Name:  
      Leslie
    P. Vowell   

Title:
      
      Attorney-in-Fact   

[SIGNATURE
PAGE   SIXTH AMENDMENT TO AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT]  

BRANCH
    BANKING AND TRUST COMPANY    

By:
      
       /s/
    Mary McElwain    

Name:
      
      Mary
    McElwain   

Title:  
      Senior
    Vice President   

[SIGNATURE
PAGE   SIXTH AMENDMENT TO AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT]  

FIRST
    COMMONWEALTH BANK    

By:  
       /s/
    Stephen J. Orban    

Name:  
      Stephen
    J. Orban   

Title:  
      Senior
    Vice President   

</EX-10.2>

<EX-10.3>
 5
 ex10-3.htm

Richard
A. Boone  

  Employment
Agreement  

THIS
AMENDED AND RESTATED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT  ( Agreement ) is made and entered into this 16 th  day of August
2016, effective as of the 1st day of September, 2016 (the  Effective Date ), by and between   Rhino GP LLC  ,
a Delaware limited liability company (the  Employer ) and   Richard A. Boone   ( Executive ).  

RECITALS   

Executive
is employed by Employer as its Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to an Employment Agreement, originally dated May 31, 2011, as
amended (the  Prior Agreement ), which Prior Agreement terminated on May 31, 2016. The Employer is the general partner
of Rhino Resource Partners L.P. (the  Partnership ) and seeks to continue the Executive s employment with the
Employer, pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, as its President.  

The
Employer and Executive desire to enter into this Agreement in order to state the terms of Executive s future employment.
Executive desires to enter into this Agreement, and to accept employment by Employer on the terms hereinafter set forth in this
Agreement. This Agreement amends, restates and supercedes the Prior Agreement, and any other agreement, oral or written.  

AGREEMENT   

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and mutual covenants herein and for other good and valuable consideration the receipt
and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereby agree as follows:  

1.
 Term of Employment . Unless terminated earlier in accordance with the provisions of Section 7, Executive s employment
under this Agreement shall be effective for a term commencing on the Effective Date and ending on December 31, 2017 (the  Employment
Term ) .    

2.  Position
and Duties . As of the Effective Date, Executive shall serve as the President of the Employer. In such positions, Executive
shall report directly to the CEO of the Employer except, where appropriate and/or required by the rules of the New York Stock
Exchange, NASDAQ, Employer s charter documents and/or other applicable rule or regulation, to the Board of Directors of
Employer and/or Employer s Audit Committee. Executive shall have the customary authority, responsibilities and duties of
such position(s), subject to the direction and definition of such authority, responsibilities, and duties from time to time by
Employer. During the Employment Term, Executive will devote all of his business time and efforts to the performance of his duties
hereunder. Executive shall be subject to all of the employment and personnel policies and procedures in effect from time to time
and applicable to executive employees of Employer. Executive s regular place of employment during the Employment Term shall
be at Employer s executive offices in Lexington, Fayette County, Kentucky, and Executive shall engage in such travel as
may be reasonably required in connection with the performance of his duties hereunder.  

3.  Base
Salary . The Employer shall pay Executive a base salary (the  Base Salary ) at the initial annual rate of $300,000
per year, which Base Salary shall be evaluated annually for potential increase, payable in regular installments in accordance
with the usual executive payroll practices of Employer.  

4.  Incentive
Compensation.  During the Employment Term, Executive shall participate in any annual or long-term cash or equity based
incentive plans or other similar arrangements of the Employer on a comparable basis as Employer s other executives, in each
case, in accordance with the terms of such plans, provided that the specific grant to Executive under any such plan or arrangement
shall be in Employer s sole discretion.  

5.  Discretionary
Bonus.  The Employer may consider and approve in its sole discretion a performance-based discretionary bonus ( Discretionary
Bonus ) for Executive of up to one hundred percent (100%) of Executive s Base Salary at any time during the Employment
Term.  

6.  Other
Benefits.   

(a)  Retirement
Benefits.  During the Employment Term, Executive shall be provided with the opportunity to participate in the Employer s
qualified 401(k) plan and profit sharing and non-qualified deferred compensation plans (if any), as they may exist from time to
time, in each case, in accordance with the terms of such plans.  

(b)  Welfare
Benefits; Vacation.  During the Employment Term, Executive shall be provided with the opportunity to participate in the Employer s
medical plan and other employee welfare benefits on a comparable basis as such benefits are generally provided by the Employer
from time to time to Employer s other executives, in each case, in accordance with the terms of such plans. Executive shall
be entitled to three (3) weeks of paid vacation each year during the Employment Term.  

(c)  Indemnification.
 Employer shall indemnify and hold harmless Executive from and against any loss, cost, damage, expense, or liability incurred
by Executive for any action taken by Executive in the scope of Executive s employment for the Employer, provided such action
(i) is within the scope, duties, and authority of Executive, (ii) is not in willful violation of any law, regulation, or code
of conduct adopted by the Employer, and (iii) does not constitute gross negligence or intentional misconduct by Executive. The
obligations of Employer under this Section 6(c) shall survive the termination of this Agreement.  

(d)  Reimbursement
of Business Expenses.  During the Employment Term, all reasonable business expenses incurred by Executive in the performance
of his duties hereunder shall be reimbursed by the Employer upon receipt of documentation of such expenses in a form reasonably
acceptable to the Employer, and otherwise in accordance with the Employer s expense reimbursement policies.  

(e)  Vehicle.
Employer shall provide Executive with the use of a vehicle suitable for the intended duties of the Executive.   

7.  Termination .
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement:  

(a)  For
Cause by the Employer . If Executive is terminated by Employer for Cause (as defined in Section 12(d)), Executive shall be
entitled to receive as soon as reasonably practicable after his date of termination or such earlier time as may be required by
applicable statute or regulation: (i) any earned but unpaid Base Salary through the date of termination; (ii) payment in respect
of any vacation days accrued but unused through the date of termination; and (iii) reimbursement for all business expenses properly
incurred in accordance with Employer s policy prior to the date of termination and not yet reimbursed by the Employer (the
aggregate benefits payable pursuant to clauses (i), (ii), and (iii) hereafter referred to as the  Accrued Obligations );
and except as provided herein Executive shall have no further rights to any compensation (including any Base Salary or bonus,
if any) or any other benefits under this Agreement.  

(b)  Without
Cause by the Employer . If Executive is terminated by the Employer other than for Cause, Disability (as defined in Section
12(g)) or death, Executive shall receive: (i) the Accrued Obligations; and (ii) subject to Section 7(f), Base Salary for the period
from termination through the expiration of the Employment Term herein, specifically December 31, 2017, payable in a lump sum within
thirty (30) days of the date of termination. Except as provided herein, Executive shall have no further rights to any compensation
(including any Base Salary or bonus, if any) or any other benefits under this Agreement.  

(c)  Death .
Following termination of employment for death, Executive s estate shall be entitled to receive the Accrued Obligations as
well a pro-rated annual discretionary bonus as awarded by Employer as well as any other compensation Executive s estate
or beneficiary(ies) are entitled to receive under Employer s workmen s compensation insurance program and (if any)
other death benefits payable to Executive s estate or beneficiary(ies) under Employer s benefits plans according to
their terms if Executive has elected to participate in any such plans, as they may be amended from time to time. Except as provided
herein, Executive s estate shall have no further rights to any other compensation or any other benefits under this Agreement.  

(d)  Disability .
Following termination of employment for Disability, Executive shall be entitled to receive the Accrued Obligations. Except as
provided herein, Executive shall have no further rights to any compensation (including any Base Salary) or any other benefits
under this Agreement.    

(e)  Accrued
  Vested Benefits . Upon any termination of Executive s employment, whether by Executive or Employer, Executive shall
be entitled, in addition to any other benefits that may be payable hereunder, to all benefits accrued and vested as of the date
of such termination, due to Executive under any plan, policy or practice of Employer (such as, for example, accrued health benefits
or reimbursements) (collectively,  Accrued and Vested Benefits ).  

(f)  Release
Etc.  Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, Executive acknowledges and agrees that any and
all payments to which Executive is entitled under this Section 7 which are described as being subject to this Section 7(f) are
conditioned upon and subject to (i) Executive s execution of an agreement in such reasonable and customary form as shall
be prepared by the Employer reaffirming Executive s obligations under Section 8 hereof, and (ii) Executive s execution
of, and not having revoked within any applicable revocation period, a general release and waiver, in such reasonable and customary
form as shall be prepared by the Employer, of all claims Executive may have against the Employer and its directors, officers,
subsidiaries and affiliates, except as to (x) matters covered by provisions of this Agreement that expressly survive the termination
of this Agreement or are covered by the grant referred to in Section 9 hereof, and (y) any Accrued and Vested Benefits to which
Executive may be entitled.  

(g)  Resignation .
Upon Executive s termination of employment for any reason, Executive shall be deemed to have immediately resigned from all
offices with the Employer and any of the Employer s subsidiaries or affiliates and shall, immediately upon the request of
the Employer, confirm such resignations in writing.   

8.  Covenants.   

(a)  Confidentiality .
Executive agrees that Executive will not at any time during Executive s employment with the Employer or thereafter, except
in performance of Executive s duties for and obligations to the Employer hereunder, use or disclose, either directly or
indirectly, any Confidential Information (as hereinafter defined) of the Employer or its subsidiaries or affiliates that Executive
may learn by reason of his association with the Employer. The term  Confidential Information  shall mean any past,
present, or future confidential or sensitive plans, programs, documents, agreements, internal management reports, financial information,
or other material relating to the business, strategies, services, or activities of the Employer, including, without limitation,
information with respect to the Employer s operations, processes, products, inventions, business practices, finances, principals,
vendors, suppliers, customers, potential customers, marketing methods, costs, prices, contractual relationships, including leases,
regulatory status, compensation paid to employees, or other terms of employment, and trade secrets, market reports, customer investigations,
customer lists, and other similar information that is proprietary information of the Employer or its subsidiaries or affiliates;
provided, however, the term  Confidential Information  shall not include any of the above forms of information which
has become public knowledge, unless such Confidential Information became public knowledge due to an act or acts by Executive or
his representative(s) in violation of this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive may disclose such Confidential
Information when required to do so by a court of competent jurisdiction, by any governmental agency having supervisory authority
over the business of the Employer or its subsidiaries or affiliates, as the case may be, or by any administrative body or legislative
body (including a committee thereof) with jurisdiction to order Executive to divulge, disclose or make accessible such information;
provided, further, that in the event that Executive is ordered by any such court or other government agency, administrative body,
or legislative body to disclose any Confidential Information, Executive shall (i) promptly notify the Employer of such order,
(ii) at the reasonable written request of the Employer, diligently contest such order at the sole expense of the Employer as expenses
occur or at the election of Employer, cooperate with Employer s effort to contest such order, and (iii) at the reasonable
written request of the Employer, seek to obtain, at the sole expense of the Employer, such confidential treatment as may be available
under applicable laws for any information disclosed under such order or at the election of Employer, cooperate with Employer s
effort to obtain such confidential treatment.  

(b)  Non-Compete .
During the Employment Term and for one (1) year immediately following a termination of employment for any reason, Executive shall
not, without the prior written consent of the Employer, participate or engage in, directly or indirectly (as an owner, partner,
employee, officer, director, independent contractor, consultant, advisor or in any other capacity calling for the rendition of
services, advice, or acts of management, operation or control) any business for an individual or entity whose principal business
involves coal mining or coal marketing in the following regions: Central Appalachia,Northern Appalachia, Illinois Basin, Western
Bituminous and any other region in which the Employer or any of the Employer s subsidiaries conduct business.  

(c)  Non-Solicitation .
During the Employment Term and for two (2) years immediately following a termination of Employment for any reason, Executive shall
not, without the prior written consent of the Employer, solicit or induce any then-existing employee of the Employer or any of
its subsidiaries or affiliates to leave employment with the Employer or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates, or contact any
then-existing customer or vendor under contract with the Employer or any of its affiliates or subsidiaries for the purpose of
obtaining business similar to that engaged in, or received (as appropriate), by the Employer or any of its affiliates or subsidiaries.  

(d)   Cooperation .
Executive agrees that during the Employment Term or following a termination of employment for any reason, Executive shall, upon
reasonable advance notice, assist and cooperate with the Employer with regard to any investigation or litigation related to a
matter or project in which Executive was involved during Executive s employment. The Employer shall reimburse Executive
for all reasonable and necessary expenses related to Executive s services under this Section 8(d) (i.e., consulting, travel,
lodging, meals, telephone, overnight courier) within ten (10) business days of Executive submitting to the Employer appropriate
receipts and expense statements.  

(e)   Survivability .
The duties and obligations of Executive pursuant to this Section 8 shall survive the termination of this Agreement and Executive s
termination of employment for any reason.  

(f)  Remedies .
Executive acknowledges that the protections of the Employer set forth in this Section 8 are fair and reasonable, and that any
violation of such protections would cause serious and irreparable harm and damage to the Employer and its subsidiaries and affiliates.
Executive agrees that remedies at law for a breach or threatened breach of the provisions of this Section 8 would be inadequate
and, therefore, the Employer shall be entitled, in addition to any other available remedies (including money damages), without
posting a bond, to equitable relief in the form of specific performance, temporary restraining order, temporary or permanent injunction,
or any other equitable remedy that may be then available.  

(g)  Limitation .
The terms of this Section 8 are intended to limit disclosure and competition by the Executive to the maximum extent permitted
by law. If the duration, scope, or nature of any limitation or restriction imposed by any provision of this Section 8 is finally
determined by any court or tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be in excess of what is valid and enforceable under applicable
law, such provision shall be construed to cover only that duration, scope or activity that is valid and enforceable. Executive
hereby acknowledges that this Section 8 shall be given the construction which renders its provisions valid and enforceable to
the maximum extent, not exceeding its express terms, possible under applicable law  

9.   [Intentionally
Omitted]    

10.  Representations
of Executive . Executive hereby represents to the Employer that Executive has full lawful right to enter into this Agreement
and carry out Executive s duties hereunder, and that performance of Executive s obligations hereunder will not constitute
a breach of or default under any employment, confidentiality, non-competition or other agreement. Executive further represents
to the Employer that Executive is not listed in the Office of Surface Mining s Applicant Violator System database. Executive
shall provide prompt notice to the Employer of Executive s first employment subsequent to a termination of employment.   

11.  Miscellaneous .  

(a)   Satisfaction
of Obligations Under Prior Agreement . Employer, Rhino and Executive hereby acknowledge that this Agreement supersedes the
Prior Agreement.  

(b)  [Intentionally
Omitted]     

(c)  Governing
Law.  This Agreement will be governed by, and interpreted in accordance with, the laws of the Commonwealth of Kentucky applicable
to agreements made and to be wholly performed within the Commonwealth of Kentucky, without regard to the conflict of laws provisions
of any jurisdiction which would cause the application of any law other than that of the Commonwealth of Kentucky. Executive hereby
consents to the jurisdiction of the state and federal courts of the Commonwealth of Kentucky, including the Fayette Circuit Court,
and hereby waives any objection to venue of any action brought in such courts.  

(d)   Entire
Agreement; Amendments . This Agreement contains the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the employment of Executive
by the Employer. There are no restrictions, agreements, promises, warranties, covenants or undertakings between the parties with
respect to the subject matter herein other than those expressly set forth or referred to herein. This Agreement may not be altered,
modified, or amended, nor may any of its provisions be waived, except by written instrument signed by the parties hereto which
states that it is intended to alter, modify or amend this agreement or waive a right hereunder. Sections 7 and 8 hereof shall
survive the termination of Executive s employment with the Employer, except as otherwise specifically stated therein.  

(e)   Neutral
Interpretation . This Agreement constitutes the product of the negotiation of the parties hereto and the enforcement of this
Agreement shall be interpreted in a neutral manner, and not more strongly for or against any party based upon the source of the
draftsmanship of the Agreement. Each party has been provided ample time and opportunity to review and negotiate the terms of this
Agreement and consult with legal counsel regarding the Agreement.  

(f)   No
Waiver . The failure of a party to insist upon strict adherence to any term of this Agreement on any occasion shall not be
considered a waiver of such party s rights or deprive such party of the right thereafter to insist upon strict adherence
to that term or any other term of this Agreement.   

(g)  Severability .
In the event that any one or more of the provisions of this Agreement shall be or become invalid, illegal or unenforceable in
any respect, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall not be affected thereby.   

(h)  Successors .  

(i) This
Agreement is personal to Executive and shall not be assignable by Executive otherwise than by will or the laws of descent and
distribution. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by Executive s legal representatives.  

(ii) This
Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Employer and its successors and assigns. The Employer shall require
any successor (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, reorganization, consolidation, acquisition of property or stock,
liquidation, or otherwise) to all or a substantial portion of its business and/or assets, by agreement in form and substance reasonably
satisfactory to Executive, expressly to assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that
the Employer would be required to perform this Agreement if no such succession had taken place. Regardless of whether such an
agreement is executed, this Agreement shall be binding upon any successor of the Employer and such successor shall be deemed the
 Employer  for purposes of this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Executive
shall have the right to terminate this Agreement if Employer s assets or membership units are sold to an entity that is
not a subsidiary or an affiliate of the Employer. Such a sale shall include a merger, consolidation, sale of assets or membership
units or other corporate reorganization; however it shall not include a change in ownership as a result of a public offering.
Such a termination by Executive shall not be deemed a termination for  Good Reason  as herein defined, under which
Executive would be entitled to the severance payment set out in Section 7 (b) (ii) above.  

(i)   Notice .
For the purpose of this Agreement, notices and all other communications provided for in this Agreement shall be in writing and
shall be deemed to have been duly given if delivered personally, if delivered by overnight courier service, if sent by facsimile
transmission or if mailed by United States registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed to the respective
addresses or sent via facsimile to the respective facsimile numbers, as the case may be, as set forth below, or to such other
address as either party may have furnished to the other in writing in accordance herewith, except that notice of change of address
shall be effective only upon receipt; provided, however, that (i) notices sent by personal delivery or overnight courier shall
be deemed given when delivered; (ii) notices sent by facsimile transmission shall be deemed given upon the sender s receipt
of confirmation of complete transmission, and (iii) notices sent by United States registered mail shall be deemed given two days
after the date of deposit in the United States mail.  

If
to the Employer, to:  

Rhino
GP LLC  

  424
Lewis Hargett Circle  

  Suite
250  

  Lexington,
Kentucky 40503  

  Attn:
CEO  

cc:  

Rhino
GP LLC  

  56
Broad Street, Suite 2  

  Charleston,
South Carolina 29401  

  Attn:
Chairman  

If
to Executive, to such address as shall most currently appear on the records of the Employer.  

(j)   Withholding .
The Employer may withhold from any amounts payable under this Agreement such Taxes (as defined in Section 12(k)) as may be required
to be withheld pursuant to any applicable law or regulation.  

(k)  Counterparts .
This Agreement may be signed in counterparts, each of which shall be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto
and hereto were upon the same instrument.  

(l)  Code
Section 409A . It is intended that any amounts payable under this Agreement and the Employer s and Executive s
exercise of authority or discretion hereunder shall comply with Code Section 409A (including the Treasury regulations and other
published guidance relating thereto) so as not to subject Executive to the payment of any interest or additional tax imposed under
Code Section 409A. To the extent any amount payable under this Agreement would trigger the additional tax imposed by Code Section
409A, the Agreement shall be modified to avoid such additional tax.  

(m)   Confidential
Terms . Executive agrees to maintain as confidential the terms and conditions of this Agreement, provided however Executive
may disclose the terms of this Agreement to his legal counsel, and accountant or tax preparer, or as may be otherwise required
by law.Waiver of Jury Trial. The parties hereby voluntarily and irrevocably waive the right to a trial by jury with regard to
any action arising under or in connection with this agreement or the employment of the Executive by the Employer.   

12.  Definitions .  

(a)  Accrued
Obligations .  Accrued Obligations  has the meaning set forth in Section 7(a).  

(b)  Base
Salary .  Base Salary  has the meaning set forth in Section 3.  

(c)   Board .
 Board  means the Board of Directors of the Employer.  

(d)  Cause .
 Cause  for termination by the Employer of Executive s employment with the Employer means any of the following:  

(i) the
failure of Executive to perform substantially his duties (other than any such failure resulting from incapacity due to disability),
within ten days after written notice from the Employer;  

(ii) Executive s
conviction of, or plea of guilty or no contest to (A) a felony or (B) a misdemeanor involving dishonesty or moral turpitude; or  

(iii) Executive
engaging in any illegal conduct, gross misconduct, or other material breach of this Agreement which is materially and demonstrably
injurious to the business or reputation of the Employer; or  

(iv) Executive
engaging in any act of dishonesty or fraud involving Employer or any subsidiary or affiliate of Employer.  

(e)  Code .
 Code  means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time.  

(f)  Employer .
 Employer  means Rhino GP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.  

(g)   Disability .
 Disability  means the inability of Executive to perform his normal duties as a result of any physical or mental injury
or ailment for (i) any consecutive forty five (45) day period or (ii) any ninety (90) days (whether or not consecutive) during
any three hundred sixty five (365) calendar day period.  

(h)  Employment
Term .  Employment Term  has the meaning set forth in Section 1.  

(i)  Executive .
 Executive  means Richard A. Boone.  

(j)  Good
Reason .  Good Reason  for termination by Executive of Executive s employment means the occurrence (without
Executive s express written consent) of any one of the following acts by the Employer or failures by Employer to act:  

(i) the
assignment to Executive of any duties inconsistent in any material respect with those of the office to which Executive is assigned
pursuant to Section 2 hereof (including status, office, title and reporting requirements), or any other diminution in any material
respect in such position, authority, duties or responsibilities unless agreed to by Executive;  

(ii) a
reduction in Base Salary;  

(iii) a
reduction in Executive s welfare benefits plans, qualified retirement plan, or paid time off benefit, other than a reduction
as a result of a general change in any such plan; or  

(iv) any
purported termination of Executive s employment under this Agreement by the Employer other than for Cause, death or Disability.  

Prior
to Executive s right to terminate this Agreement, he shall give written notice to the Employer of his intention to terminate
his employment on account of Good Reason. Such notice shall state in detail the particular act or acts of the failure or failures
to act that constitute the grounds on which Executive s Good Reason termination is based and such notice shall be given
within six (6) months of the occurrence of the act or acts or the failure or failures to act which constitute the grounds for
Good Reason. The Employer shall have thirty (30) days upon receipt of the notice in which to cure such conduct, to the extent
such cure is possible and reasonable.  

(k)  Taxes .
 Taxes  mean the incremental United States federal, state and local income, excise and other taxes payable by Executive
with respect to any applicable item of income.   

[SIGNATURE
PAGE TO FOLLOW]  

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have duly executed this Agreement as of the dates written below.  

Rhino
    GP LLC   

By:  
       /s/
    Whitney Kegley   

Name:  
      Whitney
    Kegley  

Title:  
      VP/General
    Counsel  

Date
signed: 9/1/2016  

</EX-10.3>

<EX-10.4>
 6
 ex10-4.htm

EMPLOYMENT
AGREEMENT AMENDMENT   

THIS
EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT AMENDMENT  (the  Amendment ) is entered into effective as of September 1, 2016 (the  Effective
Date ), is between  Rhino GP LLC  ( Employer ) and  Scott Morris  ( Employee ).  

W
I T N E S S E T H   

WHEREAS ,
Employee is currently employed by Employer pursuant to an Employment Agreement dated October 1, 2015 (the  Prior Agreement ).  

WHEREAS ,
Employer and Employee now desire to amend the Prior Agreement, and have executed this Amendment to evidence the terms of their
agreement.  

NOW,
THEREFORE , in consideration of the mutual covenants herein contained, the parties agree as follows:  

1.        Section
1 of the Prior Agreement is hereby deleted and replaced in its entirety with the following language:  

Terms
and Duties.  The Employer hereby shall employ Employee as its Chief Financial Officer continuing from the Effective Date until
December 31, 2017 unless sooner terminated as herein provided or extended by mutual agreement of the parties (the  Employment
Term ), with such duties customary to such position as Employer may reasonably designate during the Employment Term. The
Employee shall also serve as an officer of those other subsidiaries of Rhino Resource Partners LP (OTC Markets: RHNO) that Employer
designates. The Employee agrees to devote all of his business time and his best efforts to the business of Employer as may be
necessary to perform his duties in accordance with the policies and budgets established from time to time by Employer. During
the Employment Term, the Employee will not have any other paid employment. Employee shall be bound by, and agree to comply with,
all policies, procedures, and employment conditions of Employer in effect from time to time applicable to its employees. Employee
further agrees at all times to adhere to and perform all duties in accordance with all applicable federal, state or local laws,
rules and regulations, and applicable stock exchange regulations.    

2.        Section
2 of the Prior Agreement is hereby deleted and replaced in its entirety with the following language:  

Compensation  
For Employee s services hereunder during the Employment Term, Employer shall pay to Employee a salary at the rate of $200,000
per year ( Base Salary ), payable periodically in accordance with Employer s usual executive payroll payment
procedures, subject to periodic review for possible increase consistent with Employer s customary salary review practices.   

3.        All
other terms and conditions in the Prior Agreement shall remain unchanged except to the extent specifically modified herein.  

[SIGNATURE
PAGE TO FOLLOW]  

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have executed and delivered this Agreement as of the day and year first above written.  

EMPLOYER:    

Rhino GP LLC    

By:   
        /s/
    Whitney Kegley     

EMPLOYEE:s    

/s/
    Scott Morris    

Scott Morris    

</EX-10.4>

<EX-10.5>
 7
 ex10-5.htm

August
22, 2016  

Joseph
Funk  

  P.
O. Box 2540  

  Coeburn,
VA 24230  

Re:  
      Employment
    Agreement (the  Agreement ) dated November 14, 2014 between Rhino GP LLC ( Rhino ) and Joseph Funk
    ( Employee )   

Dear
Joe:  

As
we have discussed, the parties hereby agree to the modification of the Agreement as provided herein in connection with a successful
sale of the equity interests of The Elk Horn Coal Company, LLC ( Elk Horn ) and employment of Employee by purchaser
of the equity interest. Employee waives no other rights or privileges contained in the Agreement. If neither the sale and the
employment of Employee by purchaser occurs, this modification of the Agreement is not valid or binding. Rhino and Employee agree
as follows:  

1.  
      The
    term of the Agreement shall be amended to end on December 31, 2016. Employee will remain an employee of Rhino, with current
    benefits (including company automobile, health insurance, and reimbursement of expenses), until the end of such term. However,
    company shall provide health insurance at same terms for a period of 90 days after final termination, including any extensions
    of term.   

2.  
      In
    exchange for all compensation under the EBITDA plan and in exchange for shorting of the term of the Agreement, employee agrees
    to a total compensation paid on or prior to December 31, 2016 of $465,000. The payment shall consist of $150,000 in cash paid
    by August 16, 2016 and $115,000 in salary payments for the period starting 14 days after the close of the EHCC sale and December
    31, 2016. The balance of $200,000 will be paid in units (or cash at option of Rhino) with adequate guarantees to ensure the
    total cash received by Employee to not be less than $200,000 and must be received by Employee prior to December 31, 2016.
    The security for payment will be in form acceptable by Employee. Any amounts not yet received by Employee at December 31,
    2016, will be paid by Rhino within 3 business days.   

Page
2  

3.  
      Rhino
    agrees that Employee may enter into an employment and or consulting agreement with Elk Horn, and hereby releases any noncompetition
    provisions contained in the Agreement.   

4.  
      Employee
    agrees to use his commercially reasonable efforts and devote sufficient time to the performance of his duties under the Agreement,
    including travel to and from Rhino s Lexington, Kentucky office.   

5.  
      Employee
    agrees to promptly notify the management of Rhino if he becomes aware of any conflict or potential conflict between Elk Horn
    and Rhino occurring prior to December 30, 2016.   

6.  
      Employee
    agrees to continue employment under same terms at the option of Rhino for the period of January 1, 2017 to March 31, 2017
    at a monthly rate of $25,000 per month paid on the beginning of each month. In addition to the monthly salary, Rhino will
    grant to Employee on the beginning of each month $5,000 in value of Rhino units without restriction. Should Rhino terminate
    employment prior to March 31, 2017, then the Employee will be entitled to a termination payment of $15,000 cash paid immediately.

7.  
      Effective
    as of the date of termination and fulfilment of all obligations of Rhino, Employee hereby releases, relinquishes, waives,
    and forever discharges Rhino (and its directors, officers, owners, and employees) from any and all liabilities, obligations,
    causes of action, suits, debts, covenants, controversies, agreements (except for obligations and agreements under the Agreement
    as amended hereby), warranties, representations, promises, damages, understandings, demands and claims, of whatever kind and
    nature, known and unknown, now existing which Employee now has or has had or may have had against Rhino, whether in law or
    equity, arising out of or relating to his employment, officer, and director relationship with Rhino (the  Relationship ),
    including, without limitation, any tort or tortious act, whether of commission or omission.   

8.  
      Effective
    as of the date hereof, Rhino hereby releases, relinquishes, waives, and forever discharges Employee from any and all liabilities,
    obligations, causes of action, suits, debts, covenants, controversies, agreements (except for obligations and agreements under
    the Agreement as amended hereby), warranties, representations, promises, damages, understandings, demands and claims, of whatever
    kind and nature, known and unknown, now existing or hereafter arising, which Rhino now has or has had or may have had or will
    have against Employee, whether in law or equity, arising out of or relating to the Relationship, including, without limitation,
    any tort or tortious act, whether of commission or omission.   

9.  
      Company
    will provide Directors and Officer coverage against all claims and litigation against employee and pay any and all defense
    cost arising out of any and all claims relating to his employment with Rhino and for the time of his employment with Rhino.

Except
as specifically modified hereby, the Agreement shall remain in full force and effect, and is hereby ratified and affirmed. In
the event that no sale and no employment by Elk Horn occurs, then the modifications above are without meaning and not effective.  

Page
3  

If
the forgoing reflects your understanding and agreement, please execute this letter where indicated below, and return it to us.  

Very
    truly yours,   

Rhino
    GP LLC   

By:  
       /s/ Whitney
    Kegley    

Title:  
      VP/General
    Counsel    

The
foregoing is acknowledged and agreed:  

/s/ Joseph
    Funk   

Joseph
    Funk  

</EX-10.5>

<EX-31.1>
 8
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit 31.1   

CERTIFICATION   

I, Joseph E. Funk, certify that: 

1.  
      I have
    reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Rhino Resource Partners LP;   

2.  
      Based on my knowledge,
    this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
    statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
    covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based on my knowledge,
    the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
    the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
    report;   

4.  
      The registrant s
    other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
    in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have:   

a.  
      Designed such disclosure
    controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
    that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
    within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b.  
      Designed such internal
    control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
    to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
    for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c.  
      Evaluated the effectiveness
    of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
    of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d.  
      Disclosed in this
    report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
    most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
    or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

5.  
      The
    registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
    over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
    (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a.  
      All significant
    deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
    likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
    and   

b.  
      Any fraud, whether
    or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
    control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 10, 2016 

/s/
    Joseph E. Funk   

Joseph E. Funk  

Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 9
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit 31.2   

CERTIFICATION 

I, W. Scott Morris, certify that: 

1.  
      I have
    reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Rhino Resource Partners LP;   

2.  
      Based on my knowledge,
    this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
    statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
    covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based on my knowledge,
    the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
    the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
    report;   

4.  
      The registrant s
    other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
    in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have:   

a.  
      Designed such disclosure
    controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
    that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
    within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b.  
      Designed such internal
    control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
    to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
    for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c.  
      Evaluated the effectiveness
    of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
    of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d.  
      Disclosed in this
    report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
    most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
    or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

5.  
      The
    registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
    over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
    (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a.  
      All significant
    deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
    likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
    and   

b.  
      Any fraud, whether
    or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
    control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 10, 2016 

/s/
    W. Scott Morris   

W. Scott Morris  

Vice President and
    Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 10
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit 32.1   

CERTIFICATION OF  
 CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  
 OF RHINO GP LLC  
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350   

In connection with this
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Rhino Resource Partners LP (the  Partnership ) for the quarter ended September 30,
2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), Joseph E. Funk, as Chief
Executive Officer of the Partnership, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906
of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002, that, to his knowledge: 

1.  
      The Report fully
    complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

2.  
      The information
    contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
    Partnership.   

Date: November 10, 2016 

/s/
    Joseph E. Funk   

Joseph E. Funk  

Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 11
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit 32.2   

CERTIFICATION OF  
 CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
 OF RHINO GP LLC  
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350   

In connection with this
quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Rhino Resource Partners LP (the  Partnership ) for the quarter ended September 30,
2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), W. Scott Morris, as Chief
Financial Officer of the Partnership, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906
of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002, that, to his knowledge: 

1.  
      The Report fully
    complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

2.  
      The information
    contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
    Partnership.   

Date: November 10, 2016 

/s/
    W. Scott Morris   

W. Scott Morris  

Vice President and
    Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-95.1>
 12
 ex95-1.htm

Federal
Mine Safety and Health Act Information    

The
Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the  Dodd-Frank Act ) requires issuers to include in periodic
reports filed with the SEC certain information relating to citations or orders for violations of standards under the Federal Mine
Safety and Health Act of 1977 (the  Mine Act ). The following disclosures respond to that legislation.  

Whenever
MSHA believes that a violation of the Mine Act, any health or safety standard, or any regulation has occurred, it may issue a
citation that describes the violation and fixes a time within which the operator must abate the violation. In these situations,
MSHA typically proposes a civil penalty, or fine, as a result of the violation, that the operator is ordered to pay. In evaluating
the information below regarding mine safety and health, investors should take into account factors such as: (a) the number of
citations and orders will vary depending on the size of a coal mine, (b) the number of citations issued will vary from inspector
to inspector and mine to mine, and (c) citations and orders can be contested and appealed, and during that process are often reduced
in severity and amount, and are sometimes dismissed.  

Responding
to the Dodd-Frank Act legislation, we report that, for the three months ended September 30, 2016, none of our subsidiaries received
written notice from MSHA of (a) a violation under section 110(b)(2) of the Mine Act for failure to make reasonable efforts to
eliminate a known violation of a mandatory safety or health standard that substantially proximately caused, or reasonably could
have been expected to cause, death or serious bodily injury, (b) a pattern of violations of mandatory health or safety standards
under section 104(e) of the Mine Act, or (c) a violation under section 107(a) of the Mine Act for alleged conditions or practices
that could reasonably be expected to cause death or serious physical harm. In addition, none of our subsidiaries suffered any
mining related fatalities during the three months ended September 30, 2016.  

The
following table sets out information required by the Dodd-Frank Act for the three months ended September 30, 2016. The mine data
retrieval system maintained by MSHA may show information that is different than what is provided herein. Any such difference may
be attributed to the need to update that information on MSHA s system and/or other factors. The table also displays pending
legal actions before the Federal Mine Safety and Health Review Commission (the  Commission ) that were initiated during
the three months ended September 30, 2016 as well as total pending legal actions that were pending before the Commission as of
September 30, 2016, which includes the legal proceedings before the Commission as well as all contests of citations and penalty
assessments which are not before an administrative law judge. All of these pending legal actions constitute challenges by us of
citations issued by MSHA. Since none of our subsidiaries received notice from MSHA of a pattern of violations of mandatory health
or safety standards under section 104(e) of the Mine Act, the column that would normally display this information in the table
below has been omitted for ease of presentation.  

For
the three months ended September 30, 2016    

1
 The foregoing table does not include the following: (i) facilities which have been idle or closed unless they received a
citation or order issued by MSHA; and (ii) permitted mining sites where we have not begun operations and therefore have not received
any citations.  

2
 Mine Act section 104(a) citations shown above are for alleged violations of health or safety standards that could significantly
and substantially contribute to a serious injury if left unabated.  

3
 Mine Act section 104(b) orders are for alleged failures to totally abate a citation within the period of time specified
in the citation. These orders result in an order of immediate withdrawal from the area of the mine affected by the condition until
MSHA determines that the violation has been abated.  

4
 Mine Act section 104(d) citations and orders are for an alleged unwarrantable failure (i.e. aggravated conduct constituting
more than ordinary negligence) to comply with a mandatory mining health or safety standard or regulation. These types of violations
could significantly and substantially contribute to a serious injury; however, the conditions do not cause imminent danger.  

5
 Mine Act section 107(a) orders are for alleged conditions or practices which could reasonably be expected to cause death
or serious physical harm before such condition or practice can be abated and result in orders of immediate withdrawal from the
area of the mine affected by the condition.  

6
 The total number of flagrant violations issued under section 110(b)(2) of the Mine Act.  

7
 Total dollar value of MSHA assessments proposed during the three months ended June 30, 2016.  

8
 Any pending legal action before the Federal Mine Safety and Health Review Commission (the  Commission ) involving
a coal mine owned and operated by us. The number of legal actions pending as of June 30, 2016 that fall into each of the following
categories is as follows:  

(a)
Contests of citations and orders: 3  

(b)
Contests of proposed penalties: 5  

(c)
Complaints for compensation under Section 111 of the Mine Act: 0  

(d)
Complaints of discharge, discrimination or interference under Section 105 of the Mine Act: 0  

(e)
Applications for temporary relief under Section 105(b)(2) of the Mine Act: 0  

(f)
Appeals of judges  decisions or orders to the Commission: 0  

</EX-95.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 14
 rhno-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 15
 rhno-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 16
 rhno-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 17
 rhno-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 18
 rhno-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 19
 rhno-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

