<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_870385_0001552781-16-002078_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10519418</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>162383</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>447738</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3216579</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4567852</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1851148</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>65</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001552781-16-002078.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109161202
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001552781-16-002078
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		74
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CAROLINA FINANCIAL CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000870385
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				571039673
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-10897
		FILM NUMBER:		161984349

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		288 MEETING STREET
		CITY:			CHARLESTON
		STATE:			SC
		ZIP:			29401
		BUSINESS PHONE:		843-723-7700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		288 MEETING STREET
		CITY:			CHARLESTON
		STATE:			SC
		ZIP:			29401

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001552781-16-002078.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 e00584_caro-10q.htm

UNITED
    STATES    
 
       SECURITIES
    AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION    
 
       Washington,
    D.C. 20549    

FORM
    10-Q    

x     QUARTERLY
    REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934    
 
       For
    the Quarterly Period Ended September 30, 2016    

OR    

o
       TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
    13 OR 15 (d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934    
 
       For
    the Transition Period from                               to    

Commission
    file number  001-10897     

Carolina Financial Corporation   

(Exact
    name of registrant as specified in its charter)   

Delaware    
     57-1039673  
 
     (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)    
     (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)  

288 Meeting Street, Charleston, South Carolina    
     29401  
 
     (Address of principal executive offices)    
     (Zip Code)  

843-723-7700    

  (Registrant s
telephone number, including area code)  

Not
Applicable    

  (Former
name, former address, and former fiscal year, if changed since last report)  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act
of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and
(2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes  x  No  o   

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  

  Yes  x  No  o   

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer,  and  smaller
reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large
    accelerated filer  
      o  
         
      Accelerated
    filer  
        x    

Non-accelerated
    filer  
      o  
      (Do
    not check if a smaller reporting company)  
      Smaller
    Reporting Company  
        o    

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes   o        No   x  

Indicate
the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: 12,549,220
shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, were issued and outstanding as of November 9, 2016.  

TABLE OF CONTENTS   

Page      
 
      PART
    1    
      FINANCIAL
    INFORMATION  

Item
    1.  
      Financial
    Statements  
      3   

Item 2.   
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
       40  

Item 3.   
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure about Market Risks   
      64   

Item 4.   
       Controls and Procedures   
      64   

PART II -     
       OTHER INFORMATION   
      64   

Item 1.   
       Legal Proceedings   
      64   

Item 1A.   
       Risk Factors   
      64   

Item 2.   
       Unregistered Sale of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
      64   

Item 3.   
       Defaults Upon Senior Securities   
      65   

Item 4.   
       Mine Safety Disclosures   
      65   

Item 5.   
       Other Information   
      65   

Item 6.   
       Exhibits   
      65   

2  

CAROLINA FINANCIAL CORPORATION  
 
     CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.   

3  

CAROLINA
    FINANCIAL CORPORATION    
 
       CONSOLIDATED
    STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS    
 
       (Unaudited)    

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.   

4  

CAROLINA
    FINANCIAL CORPORATION    
 
       CONSOLIDATED
    STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME    
 
       (Unaudited)    

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.   

5  

CAROLINA
    FINANCIAL CORPORATION    
 
       CONSOLIDATED
    STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY    
 
       FOR
    THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015    
 
       (Unaudited)    

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.   

6  

CAROLINA
    FINANCIAL CORPORATION    
 
       CONSOLIDATED
    STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS    
 
       (Unaudited)    

Continued   

7  

CAROLINA
    FINANCIAL CORPORATION    
 
       CONSOLIDATED
    STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS, CONTINUED    
 
       (Unaudited)    

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.   

8  

NOTE
1 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES    

Organization

Carolina
Financial Corporation ( Carolina Financial  or the  Company ), incorporated under the laws of the State
of Delaware, is a bank holding company with one wholly-owned subsidiary, CresCom Bank (the  Bank ). CresCom Bank operates
two wholly-owned subsidiaries, Crescent Mortgage Company and Carolina Services Corporation of Charleston ( Carolina Services ).
The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiary, the Bank. In consolidation,
all material intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated. The results of operations of the businesses acquired
in transactions accounted for as purchases are included only from the dates of acquisition. All majority-owned subsidiaries are
consolidated unless control is temporary or does not rest with the Company.  

At
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, statutory business trusts ( Trusts ) created by the Company had outstanding
trust preferred securities with an aggregate par value of $15,000,000. The principal assets of the Trusts are $15,465,000 of the
Company s subordinated debentures with identical rates of interest and maturities as the trust preferred securities. The
Trusts have issued $465,000 of common securities to the Company and are included in other investments in the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets. The Trusts are not consolidated subsidiaries of the Company.  

Basis
of Presentation    

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
( GAAP ) for interim financial information and with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X.
Accordingly, they do not include all the information and footnotes required by accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America for complete financial statements. In the opinion of management, all adjustments (consisting of normal
recurring accruals) considered necessary for a fair presentation have been included. Operating results for the three months and
nine months ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the year ending December
31, 2016. For further information, refer to the consolidated financial statements and footnotes thereto included in the Company s
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March
14, 2016. There have been no significant changes to the accounting policies as disclosed in the Company s Form 10-K.  

Management s
Estimates    

The
financial statements are prepared in accordance with GAAP, which require management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Actual results could differ from those
estimates.  

Material
estimates that are particularly susceptible to significant change in the near term relate to the determination of the allowance
for loan losses, including valuation for impaired loans, the valuation of real estate acquired in connection with foreclosure
or in satisfaction of loans, the valuation of securities, the valuation of derivative instruments, the valuation of assets acquired
and liabilities assumed in business combinations, the valuation of mortgage servicing rights, the determination of the reserve
for mortgage loan repurchase losses, asserted and unasserted legal claims and deferred tax assets or liabilities. In connection
with the determination of the allowance for loan losses and foreclosed real estate, management obtains independent appraisals
for significant properties. Management must also make estimates in determining the estimated useful lives and methods for depreciating
premises and equipment.  

Management
uses available information to recognize losses on loans and foreclosed real estate. However, future additions to the allowance
may be necessary based on changes in local economic conditions. In addition, regulatory agencies, as an integral part of their
examination process, periodically review the Bank s allowance for loan losses and foreclosed real estate. Such agencies
may require the Bank to recognize additions to the allowance based on their judgments about information available to them at the
time of their examination. Because of these factors, it is reasonably possible that the allowance for loan losses and valuation
of foreclosed real estate may change materially in the near term.  

Earnings
Per Share    

Basic
earnings per share ( EPS ) represents income available to common stockholders divided by the weighted-average number
of shares outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share reflects additional shares that would have been outstanding
if dilutive potential shares had been issued. Potential shares that may be issued by the Company relate solely to outstanding
stock options, restricted stock (non-vested shares), restricted stock units ( RSUs ) and warrants, and are determined
using the treasury stock method. Under the treasury stock method, the number of incremental shares is determined by assuming the
issuance of stock for the outstanding stock options, unvested restricted stock and RSUs, and warrants, reduced by the number of
shares assumed to be repurchased from the issuance proceeds, using the average market price for the period of the Company s
stock. Weighted-average shares for the basic and diluted EPS calculations have been reduced by the average number of unvested
restricted shares.  

9  

On
June 22, 2015, the Board of Directors of the Company declared a six-for-five stock split representing a 20% stock dividend to
stockholders of record as of July 15, 2015, payable on July 31, 2015.  

All
share, earnings per share, and per share data have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the stock splits for all periods presented
in accordance with GAAP.  

Subsequent
Events    

Subsequent
events are material events or transactions that occur after the balance sheet date but before financial statements are issued.
Recognized subsequent events are events or transactions that provide additional evidence about conditions that existed at the
date of the balance sheet, including the estimates inherent in the process of preparing financial statements. Non-recognized subsequent
events are events that provide evidence about conditions that did not exist at the date of the statement of financial condition
but arose after that date. Management has reviewed events occurring through the date the financial statements were issued and
no subsequent events occurred requiring accrual or disclosure except as follows:  

On
October 19, 2016, the Board of Directors of Carolina Financial declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.04, payable
on January 11, 2017 to stockholders of record as of December 28, 2016.  

On
November 8, 2016, Carolina Financial announced the signing of a definitive agreement pursuant to which Carolina
Financial will acquire Greer Bancshares Incorporated ( Greer ). in a cash and stock transaction with a total
current value of approximately $45.1 million. Subject to the terms and conditions of the agreement, each share of Greer
common stock will be converted into the right to receive one of the following: (i) $18.00 in cash, (ii) 0.782 shares of
Carolina Financial common stock, or (iii) a combination of cash and Carolina Financial common stock, subject to the
limitation that, excluding any dissenting shares, the total merger consideration shall be prorated to 10% cash consideration
and 90% stock consideration. The transaction is anticipated to close at the end of the first quarter of 2017, subject
to customary closing conditions.  

Reclassification

Certain
reclassifications of accounts reported for previous periods have been made in these consolidated financial statements. Such reclassifications
had no effect on stockholders  equity or the net income as previously reported.  

Recently
Issued Accounting Pronouncements    

In
May 2014 and August 2015, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued guidance to change the recognition
of revenue from contracts with customers. The core principle of the new guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue to
reflect the transfer of goods and services to customers in an amount equal to the consideration the entity receives or expects
to receive. The guidance will be effective for the Company for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017. The Company
will apply the guidance using a modified retrospective approach. The Company does not expect these amendments to have a material
effect on its financial statements.  

In
June 2014, the FASB issued guidance which clarifies that performance targets associated with stock compensation should be treated
as a performance condition and should not be reflected in the grant date fair value of the stock award. The amendments are effective
for the Company for fiscal years that begin after December 15, 2015. The Company applied the guidance to stock awards with performance
targets that are outstanding at the start of the first fiscal year in the financial statements and to all stock awards that are
granted or modified after the effective date. These amendments did not have a material effect on the financial statements.  

In
February 2015, the FASB issued guidance which amends the consolidation requirements and significantly changes the consolidation
analysis required under GAAP. Although the amendments are expected to result in the deconsolidation of many entities, the Company
will need to reevaluate all its previous consolidation conclusions. The amendments are effective for fiscal years, and interim
periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2015 with early adoption permitted (including during an interim
period), provided that the guidance is applied as of the beginning of the annual period containing the adoption date. These amendments
did not have a material effect on the financial statements.  

In
August 2015, the FASB issued amendments to the Interest topic of the Accounting Standards Codification to clarify the SEC staff s
position on presenting and measuring debt issuance costs incurred in connection with line-of-credit arrangements. The amendments
were effective upon issuance. The amendments did not have a material effect on the financial statements  

In
January 2016, the FASB amended the Financial Instruments topic of the Accounting Standards Codification to address certain aspects
of recognition, measurement, presentation, and disclosure of financial instruments. The amendments will be effective for fiscal
years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company will apply the guidance
by means of a cumulative-effect adjustment to the balance sheet as of the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption. The amendments
related to equity securities without readily determinable fair values will be applied prospectively to equity investments that
exist as of the date of adoption of the amendments. The Company does not expect these amendments to have a material effect on
its financial statements.  

10  

In
February 2016, the FASB amended the Leases topic of the Accounting Standards Codification to revise certain aspects of recognition,
measurement, presentation, and disclosure of leasing transactions. The amendments will be effective for fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company is currently evaluating the effect that
implementation of the new standard will have on its financial position, results of operations, and cash flows.  

In
March 2016, the FASB amended the Revenue from Contracts with Customers topic of the Accounting Standards Codification to clarify
the implementation guidance on principal versus agent considerations and address how an entity should assess whether it is the
principal or the agent in contracts that include three or more parties. The amendments will be effective for the Company for reporting
periods beginning after December 15, 2017. The Company does not expect these amendments to have a material effect on its financial
statements.  

In
March 2016, the FASB issued guidance to simplify several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment award transactions
including the income tax consequences, the classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and the classification on
the statement of cash flows. In addition to other changes, the guidance changes the accounting for excess tax benefits and tax
deficiencies from generally being recognized in additional paid-in capital to recognition as income tax expense or benefit in
the period they occur. For public business entities, the amendments are effective for annual periods beginning after December
15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods. Early adoption is permitted for any entity in any interim or annual
period. The Company adopted the new guidance in the second quarter of 2016. As a result, the Company s income tax expense
was reduced by approximately $22,000 and $421,000 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively. These
amendments did not a material impact to the Company s financial position and cash flows.  

In
April 2016, the FASB amended the Revenue from Contracts with Customers topic of the Accounting Standards Codification to clarify
guidance related to identifying performance obligations and accounting for licenses of intellectual property. The amendments will
be effective for the Company for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017. The Company does not expect these amendments
to have a material effect on its financial statements.  

In
May 2016, the FASB amended the Revenue from Contracts with Customers topic of the Accounting Standards Codification to clarify
guidance related to collectability, noncash consideration, presentation of sales tax, and transition. The amendments will be effective
for the Company for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017. The Company does not expect these amendments to have
a material effect on its financial statements.  

In
June 2016, the FASB issued guidance to change the accounting for credit losses and modify the impairment model for certain debt
securities. The amendments will be effective for the Company for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2019. The Company
is evaluating the effect that implementation of the new standard will have on its financial position, results of operation and
cash flows.  

In
August 2016, the FASB amended the Statement of Cash Flows topic of the Accounting Standards Codification to clarify how certain
cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows. The amendments will be effective
for the Company for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017 including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company
does not expect these amendments to have a material effect on its financial statements. Other accounting standards that have been
issued or proposed by the FASB or other standards-setting bodies are not expected to have a material impact on the Company s
financial position, results of operations or cash flows.  

NOTE
2   BUSINESS COMBINATIONS   

Acquisition
of Congaree Bancshares, Inc.    

On
June 11, 2016, the Company completed its acquisition of Congaree Bancshares, Inc. ( Congaree ), the holding company
for Congaree State Bank, pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of January 5, 2016. Under the terms of the merger
agreement, each share of Congaree common stock was converted into the right to receive $8.10 in cash or 0.4806 shares of the Company s
common stock, or a combination thereof, subject to certain limitations.  

The
following table presents a summary of total consideration paid by the Company at the acquisition date (dollars in thousands).  

11  

The
following table presents the Congaree assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of June 11, 2016 as well as the related fair
value adjustments and determination of goodwill.  

Explanation
of fair value adjustments:   

(a)    Adjustment
reflects opening fair value of securities portfolio, which was established as the new book basis of the portfolio.  

(b)    Adjustment
reflects the fair value adjustment based on the Company s third party valuation report.  

(c)    Adjustment
reflects the elimination of Congaree s historical allowance for loan losses.  

(d)    Adjustment
reflects fair value adjustments on acquired branch and administrative offices.  

(e)    Adjustment
reflects the fair value adjustment based on the Company s evaluation of the foreclosed assets.  

(f)    Adjustment
reflects the fair value adjustment to record the estimated core deposit intangible based on the Company s third party valuation
report.  

(g)    Adjustment
reflects the tax impact of acquisition accounting fair value adjustments.  

(h)    Adjustment
reflects the fair value adjustment based on the Company s evaluation of acquired other assets.  

(i)    Adjustment
reflects the fair value adjustment based on the Company s third party evaluation report on deposits assumed.  

The
Congaree acquisition was accounted for under the acquisition method of accounting. The assets and liabilities of Congaree have
been recorded at their estimated fair values and added to those of the Company for periods following the merger date. The Company
may refine its valuations of acquired Congaree assets and liabilities for up to one year following the merger date.  

The
Company acquired $104.2 million in assets at fair value, including $74.6 million in loans, $9.4 million in investment securities,
and $1.5 million in real estate acquired through foreclosure. The Company also assumed $92.2 million of liabilities at fair value,
including $89.3 million of total deposits with a core deposit intangible asset recorded of $1.1 million.  

There
are two methods to account for acquired loans as part of a business combination. Acquired loans that contain evidence of credit
deterioration on the date of purchase are carried at the net present value of expected future proceeds in accordance with FASB
Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) 310-30. All other acquired loans are recorded at their initial fair value,
adjusted for subsequent advances, pay downs, amortization or accretion of any premium or discount on purchase, charge-offs and
any other adjustment to carrying value in accordance with ASC 310-20. All loans acquired as part of the transaction were accounted
for under ASC 310-20, as a practical expedient, due to the immaterial balances of accruing substandard and nonaccrual loans as
of the acquisition date. Nonaccrual and accruing substandard loans acquired totaled $204,000 and $423,000, respectively, as of
June 11, 2016.  

12  

Supplemental
Pro Forma Information    

The
table below presents supplemental pro forma information as if the Congaree acquisition had occurred at the beginning of the earliest
period presented, which was January 1, 2015. Pro forma results include adjustments for amortization and accretion of fair value
adjustments and do not include any projected cost savings or other anticipated benefits of the merger. Therefore, the pro forma
financial information is not indicative of the results of operations that would have occurred had the transactions been effected
on the assumed date. Pre-tax merger-related costs of $3.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, are included in
the Company s consolidated statements of operations and are not included in the pro forma statements below. Net interest
income and net income recorded from the merger date to September 30, 2016 was $1.4 million and $709,000, respectively.  

(a)
Supplemental pro forma net income includes the impact of certain fair value adjustments. In addition, preferred shares were assumed
to have been repaid; therefore no preferred dividends were assumed to have been paid. Supplemental pro forma net income does not
include assumptions on cost saves or impact of merger related expenses.  

(b)
Weighted average shares outstanding include the full effect of the common stock issued in connection with the Congaree acquisition
as of the earliest reporting date.  

13  

NOTE
3   SECURITIES   

The
amortized cost, gross unrealized gains, gross unrealized losses and fair value of securities available-for-sale and held-to-maturity
at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 follows:  

During
the second quarter of 2016, the Company tainted its securities held-to-maturity portfolio as a result of a change in the intent
to hold these securities until maturity to provide opportunities to maximize its asset utilization. As a result, the securities
were moved to available-for-sale resulting in an increase to accumulated other comprehensive income of $655,000.  

The
amortized cost and fair value of debt securities by contractual maturity at September 30, 2016 follows:  

The
contractual maturity dates of the securities were used for mortgage-backed securities and asset-backed securities. No estimates
were made to anticipate principal repayments.  

14  

The
following table summarizes the gross realized gains and losses from sales of investment securities available-for-sale for the
periods indicated.  

At
September 30, 2016, the Company had pledged securities with a market value of $21.7 million of securities for Federal Home Loan
Bank ( FHLB ) advances.  

At
September 30, 2016, the Company has pledged $22.8 million of securities to secure public agency funds.  

The
tables below summarize gross unrealized losses on investment securities and the fair market value of the related securities at
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, aggregated by investment category and length of time that individual securities have
been in a continuous unrealized loss position.  

15  

The
Company reviews its investment securities portfolio at least quarterly and more frequently when economic conditions warrant, assessing
whether there is any indication of other-than-temporary impairment ( OTTI ). Factors considered in the review include
estimated future cash flows, length of time and extent to which market value has been less than cost, the financial condition
and near term prospect of the issuer, and our intent and ability to retain the security to allow for an anticipated recovery in
market value. If the review determines that there is OTTI, then an impairment loss is recognized in earnings equal to the difference
between the investment s cost and its fair value at the balance sheet date of the reporting period for which the assessment
is made, or a portion may be recognized in other comprehensive income. The fair value of investments on which OTTI is recognized
then becomes the new cost basis of the investment.  

As
of September 30, 2016, trust preferred securities had an amortized cost of $11.0 million and a fair value of $6.8 million. For
each trust preferred security, impairment testing is performed on a quarterly basis using a detailed cash flow analysis. The major
assumptions used during the quarterly impairment testing are described in the subsequent paragraph.  

In
2009, the Company adopted a four year  burst  scenario for its modeled default rates (2010 - 2013) that replicated
the default rates for the banking industry from the four peak years of the savings and loan crisis, which then reduced to 0.25%
annually. The elevated default rate ended in 2013, and the constant default rate used by the Company is now 0.25% annually. All
issuers that are currently in deferral were presumed to be in default. Additionally, all defaults are assumed to have a 15% recovery
after two years and 1% of the pool is presumed to prepay annually. If this analysis results in a present value of expected cash
flows that is less than the book value of a security (that is, a credit loss exists), OTTI is considered to have occurred. If
there is no credit loss, any impairment is considered temporary. The cash flow analysis we performed used discount rates equal
to the credit spread at the time of purchase for each security and then added the current three-month LIBOR forward interest rate
curve. Based on the cash flow analysis performed at period end, management believes that there are no additional securities other-than-temporarily
impaired at September 30, 2016.  

The
underlying issuers in the pools were primarily financial institutions and to a lesser extent, insurance companies and real estate
investment trusts. The Company owns both senior and mezzanine tranches in pooled trust preferred securities; however, the Company
does not own any income notes. The senior and mezzanine tranches of trust preferred collateralized debt obligations generally
have some protection from defaults in the form of over-collateralization and excess spread revenues, along with waterfall structures
that redirect cash flows in the event certain coverage test requirements are failed. Generally, senior tranches have the greatest
protection, with mezzanine tranches subordinated to the senior tranches, and income notes subordinated to the mezzanine tranches.  

As
of September 30, 2016, $0.7 million of the pooled trust preferred securities were investment grade and $6.1 million were below
investment grade. As of December 31, 2015, $0.8 million of the pooled trust preferred securities were investment grade and $8.0
million were below investment grade. In terms of risk-based capital calculation, the Company allocates additional risk-based capital
to the below investment grade securities.  

16  

As
of September 30, 2016, senior tranches represent $0.7 million of the Company s pooled securities, while mezzanine tranches
represented $6.1 million. All of the $6.1 million in mezzanine tranches are still subordinate to senior tranches as the senior
notes have not been paid to a zero balance. As of December 31, 2015, senior tranches represent $0.8 million of the Company s
pooled securities, while mezzanine tranches represented $8.0 million. All of the $8.0 million in mezzanine tranches are still
subordinate to senior tranches as the senior notes have not been paid to a zero balance.  

At
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company had 45 individual investments available-for-sale that were in an unrealized
loss position. The unrealized losses on the Company s investments in US government-sponsored agencies, municipal securities,
mortgage-backed securities (agency and non-agency), and trust preferred securities summarized above were attributable primarily
to changes in interest rates. Management has performed various analyses, including cash flows as needed, and determined that no
OTTI expense was necessary during 2016 or 2015.  

Management
believes that there are no additional securities other-than-temporarily impaired at September 30, 2016. The Company does not intend
to sell these securities and it is more likely than not that the Company will not be required to sell these securities before
recovery of their amortized cost. Management continues to monitor these securities with a high degree of scrutiny. There can be
no assurance that the Company will not conclude in future periods that conditions existing at that time indicate some or all of
the securities may be sold or are other-than-temporarily impaired, which would require a charge to earnings in such periods.  

17  

NOTE
4   DERIVATIVES   

In
the ordinary course of business, the Company enters into various types of derivative transactions. The Company s primary
uses of derivative instruments are related to the mortgage banking activities. As such, the Company holds derivative instruments,
which consist of rate lock agreements related to expected funding of fixed-rate mortgage loans to customers (interest rate lock
commitments) and forward commitments to sell mortgage-backed securities and individual fixed-rate mortgage loans. The Company s
objective in obtaining the forward commitments is to mitigate the interest rate risk associated with the interest rate lock commitments
and the mortgage loans that are held for sale. Derivative instruments not related to mortgage banking activities primarily relate
to interest rate swap agreements.  

The
derivative positions of the Company at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 are as follows:  

Non-Designated
Hedges   

Derivative
Loan Commitments and Forward Sales Commitments   

The
Company enters into mortgage loan commitments that are also referred to as derivative loan commitments, if the loan that will
result from exercise of the commitment will be held for sale upon funding. The Company enters into commitments to fund residential
mortgage loans at specified rates and times in the future, with the intention that these loans will subsequently be sold in the
secondary market.  

Outstanding
derivative loan commitments expose the Company to the risk that the price of the loans arising from exercise of the loan commitment
might decline from inception of the rate lock to funding of the loan due to increases in mortgage interest rates. If interest
rates increase, the value of these loan commitments typically decreases. Conversely, if interest rates decrease, the value of
these loan commitments typically increases.  

To
protect against the price risk inherent in derivative loan commitments, the Company utilizes both  mandatory delivery 
and  best efforts  forward loan sale commitments to mitigate the risk of potential decreases in the values of loans
that would result from the exercise of the derivative loan commitments.  

With
a  mandatory delivery  contract, the Company commits to deliver a certain principal amount of mortgage loans to an
investor at a specified price on or before a specified date. If the Company fails to deliver the amount of mortgages necessary
to fulfill the commitment by the specified date, it is obligated to pay a  pair-off  fee, based on then-current market
prices, to the investor to compensate the investor for the shortfall.  

With
a  best efforts  contract, the Company commits to deliver an individual mortgage loan of a specified principal amount
and quality to an investor if the loan to the underlying borrower closes. Generally, the price the investor will pay the seller
for an individual loan is specified prior to the loan being funded (e.g., on the same day the lender commits to lend funds to
a potential borrower). The Company expects that these forward loan sale commitments will experience changes in fair value opposite
to the change in fair value of derivative loan commitments.  

18  

Derivatives
related to these commitments are recorded as either a derivative asset or a derivative liability on the balance sheet and are
measured at fair value. Both the interest rate lock commitments and the forward commitments are reported at fair value, with adjustments
recorded in current period earnings in mortgage banking income within the noninterest income in the consolidated statements of
operations.  

Interest
Rate Swaps   

The
Company enters into interest rate swaps that do not meet the hedge accounting requirements and are recorded at fair value as a
derivative asset or liability. Interest rate swaps that are not designated as hedges are primarily used to more closely match
the interest rate characteristics of assets and liabilities and to mitigate the risks arising from timing mismatches between assets
and liabilities including duration mismatches. Fair value changes are recognized in noninterest income as  fair value adjustments
on interest rate swaps .  

Cash
Flow Hedges of Interest Rate Risk   

The
Company s objectives in using certain interest rate derivatives are to add stability to interest expense and to manage its
exposure to interest rate movements. To accomplish this objective, the Company uses interest rate swaps as part of its interest
rate risk management strategy. Interest rate swaps designated as cash flow hedges involve the receipt of variable amounts from
a counterparty in exchange for the Company making fixed-rate payments over the life of the agreements without exchange of the
underlying notional amount.  

The
Company has entered into interest rate swaps to reduce the exposure to variability in interest-related cash outflows attributable
to changes in forecasted LIBOR-based FHLB borrowings. These derivative instruments are designated as cash flow hedges. The hedged
item is the LIBOR portion of the series of future adjustable rate borrowings over the term of the interest rate swap. Accordingly,
changes to the amount of interest payment cash flows for the hedged transactions attributable to a change in credit risk are excluded
from our assessment of hedge effectiveness. The Company tests for hedging effectiveness on a quarterly basis. The effective portion
of changes in the fair value of derivatives designated and that qualify as cash flow hedges is recorded in accumulated other comprehensive
income and is subsequently reclassified into earnings in the period that the hedged forecasted transaction affects earnings. The
ineffective portion of the change in fair value of the derivatives is recognized directly in earnings. The Company has not recorded
any hedge ineffectiveness since inception.  

Risk
Management Objective of Using Derivatives   

When
using derivatives to hedge fair value and cash flow risks, the Company exposes itself to potential credit risk from the counterparty
to the hedging instrument. This credit risk is normally a small percentage of the notional amount and fluctuates as interest rates
change. The Company analyzes and approves credit risk for all potential derivative counterparties prior to execution of any derivative
transaction. The Company seeks to minimize credit risk by dealing with highly rated counterparties and by obtaining collateralization
for exposures above certain predetermined limits. If significant counterparty risk is determined, the Company would adjust the
fair value of the derivative recorded asset balance to consider such risk.  

19  

NOTE
5 - LOANS RECEIVABLE, NET   

Loans
receivable, net at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 are summarized by category as follows:  

Included
in the loan totals were $129.5 million and $64.1 million in loans acquired through acquisitions at September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015, respectively. No allowance for loan losses related to the acquired loans is recorded on the acquisition date because
the fair value of the loans acquired incorporates assumptions regarding credit risk.  

The
composition of gross loans outstanding, net of undisbursed amounts, by rate type is as follows:  

20  

The
following table presents activity in the allowance for loan losses for the period indicated. Allocation of a portion of the allowance
to one category of loans does not preclude its availability to absorb losses in other categories.  

21  

The
following table disaggregates our allowance for loan losses and recorded investment in loans by impairment methodology.  

22  

The
following table presents impaired loans individually evaluated for impairment in the segmented portfolio categories and the corresponding
allowance for loan losses as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. The recorded investment is defined as the original amount
of the loan, net of any deferred costs and fees, less any principal reductions and direct charge-offs. Unpaid principal balance
includes amounts previously included in charge-offs.  

23  

The
following table presents the average recorded investment and interest income recognized on impaired loans individually evaluated
for impairment in the segmented portfolio categories for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  

24  

A
loan is considered past due if the required principal and interest payment has not been received as of the due date. The following
schedule is an aging of past due loans receivable by portfolio segment as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.  

Loans
are generally placed in nonaccrual status when the collection of principal and interest is 90 days or more past due, unless the
obligation is both well-secured and in the process of collection. When interest accrual is discontinued, all unpaid accrued interest
is reversed. Interest payments received while the loan is on nonaccrual are applied to the principal balance. No interest income
was recognized on impaired loans subsequent to the nonaccrual status designation. A loan is returned to accrual status when the
borrower makes consistent payments according to contractual terms and future payments are reasonably assured.  

There
were no loans past due 90 days or more and still accruing at September 30, 2016 or December 31, 2015.  

25  

The
following is a schedule of loans receivable, by portfolio segment, on nonaccrual at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.  

The
Company uses several metrics as credit quality indicators of current or potential risks as part of the ongoing monitoring of credit
quality of its loan portfolio. The credit quality indicators are periodically reviewed and updated on a case-by-case basis. The
Company uses the following definitions for the internal risk rating grades, listed from the least risk to the highest risk.  

Pass:
 These loans range from minimal credit risk to average, however, still acceptable credit risk.  

Special
mention:   A special mention loan has potential weaknesses that deserve management s close attention. If left uncorrected,
these potential weaknesses may result in deterioration of the repayment prospects for the loan or the institution s credit
position at some future date.  

Substandard:
 A substandard loan is inadequately protected by the current sound worth and paying capacity of the obligor or of the collateral
pledged, if any. Loans so classified must have a well-defined weakness, or weaknesses, that may jeopardize the liquidation of
the debt. A substandard loan is characterized by the distinct possibility that the Company will sustain some loss if the deficiencies
are not corrected.  

Doubtful:
 A doubtful loan has all of the weaknesses inherent in one classified as substandard with the added characteristic that the
weaknesses make collection or liquidation in full, on the basis of the currently existing facts, conditions and values, highly
questionable and improbable.  

The
Company uses the following definitions in the tables below:  

Nonperforming:
 Loans on nonaccrual status plus loans greater than 90 days past due still accruing interest.  

Performing:
 All current loans plus loans less than 90 days past due.  

26  

The
following is a schedule of the credit quality of loans receivable, by portfolio segment, as of September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015.  

The
Company is party to financial instruments with off-balance-sheet risk in the normal course of business to meet the financing needs
of its customers. These financial instruments include commitments to extend credit. These instruments involve, to varying degrees,
elements of credit risk in excess of the amount recognized in the consolidated balance sheets.  

27  

Troubled
Debt Restructurings   

At
September 30, 2016, there were $6.3 million in loans designated as troubled debt restructurings of which $4.9 million were accruing.
At December 31, 2015, there were $14.4 million in loans designated as troubled debt restructurings of which $13.2 million were
accruing.  

There
were no loans designated as troubled debt restructuring during the three months or nine months ended September 30, 2016.  

There
were no loans designed as troubled debt restructuring during the three months ended September 30, 2015. There was one relationship
totaling fourteen loans designated as a troubled debt restructuring during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. All loans
within this relationship were designated as troubled debt restructuring due to a change in payment structure. Eleven loans were
within the one-to-four family loan segment with a pre-modification and post-modification recorded investment of $749,000. Two
loans were within the commercial real estate loan segment with a pre-modification and post-modification recorded investment of
$147,000. One loan was within the commercial and industrial loan segment with a pre-modification and post-modification recorded
investment of $14,000.  

No
loans previously restructured in the twelve months prior to September 30, 2016 and 2015 went into default during the three months
or nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  

NOTE
6   REAL ESTATE ACQUIRED THROUGH FORECLOSURE   

The
following presents summarized activity in real estate acquired through foreclosure for the periods ended September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015:  

A
summary of the composition of real estate acquired through foreclosure follows:  

28  

NOTE
7 - DEPOSITS   

Deposits
outstanding by type of account at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 are summarized as follows:  

The
aggregate amount of brokered certificates of deposit was $101.7 million and $97.1 million at September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, respectively. The aggregate amount of institutional certificates of deposit was $49.6 million and $51.5 million at September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. Brokered certificates of deposit and institutional certificates of deposit are included
in the table above under certificates of deposit less than $250,000.  

The
Company has pledged $22.8 million of securities as of September 30, 2016 to secure public agency funds.  

NOTE
8   ESTIMATED FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS   

Current
accounting literature requires disclosures about the fair value of all financial instruments whether or not recognized in the
balance sheet, for which it is practicable to estimate the value. In cases where quoted market prices are not available, fair
values are based on estimates using present value or other techniques. Those techniques are significantly affected by the assumptions
used, including the discount rate and estimates of future cash flows. In that regard, the derived fair value estimates cannot
be substantiated by comparison to independent markets and, in many cases, could not be realized through immediate settlement of
the instrument. Certain items are specifically excluded from disclosure requirements, including the Company s stock, premises
and equipment, accrued interest receivable and payable and other assets and liabilities.  

The
fair value of a financial instrument is an amount at which the asset or obligation could be exchanged in a current transaction
between willing parties, other than in a forced sale. Fair values are estimated at a specific point in time based on relevant
market information and information about the financial instruments. Because no market value exists for a significant portion of
the financial instruments, fair value estimates are based on judgments regarding future expected loss experience, current economic
conditions, risk characteristics of various financial instruments, and other factors.  

The
Company has used management s best estimate of fair value based on the above assumptions. Thus the fair values presented
may not be the amounts that could be realized in an immediate sale or settlement of the instrument. In addition, any income taxes
or other expenses that would be incurred in an actual sale or settlement are not taken into consideration in the fair values presented.  

29  

The
Company determines the fair value of its financial instruments based on the fair value hierarchy established under ASC 820-10,
which requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair
value. A financial instrument s categorization within the valuation hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that
is significant to the financial instrument s fair value measurement in its entirety. There are three levels of inputs that
may be used to measure fair value. The three levels of inputs of the valuation hierarchy are defined below:  

Level
    1   
      Quoted
    prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets and liabilities for the instrument or security to be valued. Level
    1 assets include marketable equity securities as well as U.S. Treasury securities that are highly liquid and are actively
    traded in over-the-counter markets.   

Level
    2   
      Observable
    inputs other than Level 1 quoted prices, such as quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, quoted
    prices in markets that are not active, or model-based valuation techniques for which all significant assumptions are derived
    principally from or corroborated by observable market data. Level 2 assets and liabilities include debt securities with quoted
    prices that are traded less frequently than exchange-traded instruments and derivative contracts whose value is determined
    by using a pricing model with inputs that are observable in the market or can be derived principally from or corroborated
    by observable market data. U.S. Government sponsored agency securities, mortgage-backed securities issued by U.S. Government
    sponsored enterprises and agencies, obligations of states and municipalities, collateralized mortgage obligations issued by
    U.S. Government sponsored enterprises, and mortgage loans held-for-sale are generally included in this category. Certain private
    equity investments that invest in publicly traded companies are also considered Level 2 assets.   

Level
    3   
      Unobservable
    inputs that are supported by little, if any, market activity for the asset or liability. Level 3 assets and liabilities include
    financial instruments whose value is determined using pricing models, discounted cash flow models and similar techniques,
    and may also include the use of market prices of assets or liabilities that are not directly comparable to the subject asset
    or liability. These methods of valuation may result in a significant portion of the fair value being derived from unobservable
    assumptions that reflect The Company s own estimates for assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the
    asset or liability. This category primarily includes collateral-dependent impaired loans, other real estate, certain equity
    investments, and certain private equity investments.   

Cash
and due from banks - The carrying amounts of these financial instruments approximate fair value. All mature within 90 days and
present no anticipated credit concerns.  

Interest-bearing
cash - The carrying amount of these financial instruments approximates fair value.  

Securities
available-for-sale and securities held to maturity   Fair values for investment securities available-for-sale and securities
held to maturity are based upon quoted prices, if available. If quoted prices are not available, fair values are measured using
independent pricing models or other model-based valuation techniques such as the present value of future cash flows, adjusted
for the security s credit rating, prepayment assumptions and other factors such as credit loss assumptions.  

FHLB
stock and other non-marketable equity securities - The carrying amount of these financial instruments approximates fair value.  

Mortgage
loans held for sale   Mortgage loans held for sale are recorded at either fair value, if elected, or the lower of cost or
fair value on an individual loan basis. Origination fees and costs for loans held for sale recorded at lower of cost or market
are capitalized in the basis of the loan and are included in the calculation of realized gains and losses upon sale. Origination
fees and costs are recognized in earnings at the time of origination for loans held for sale that are recorded at fair value.
Fair value is derived from observable current market prices, when available, and includes loan servicing value. When observable
market prices are not available, the Company uses judgment and estimates fair value using internal models, in which the Company
uses its best estimates of assumptions it believes would be used by market participants in estimating fair value. Mortgage loans
held for sale are classified within Level 2 of the valuation hierarchy.  

Loans
receivable - The fair value of other types of loans is estimated by discounting the future cash flows using the current rates
at which similar loans would be made to borrowers with similar credit ratings and for the same remaining maturities. Further adjustments
are made to reflect current market conditions. There is no discount for liquidity included in the expected cash flow assumptions.
Loans receivable are classified within Level 3 of the valuation hierarchy.  

Accrued
interest receivable - The carrying value approximates the fair value.  

Mortgage
servicing rights - The Company initially measures servicing assets and liabilities retained related to the sale of residential
loans held for sale ( mortgage servicing rights ) at fair value, if practicable. For subsequent measurement purposes,
the Company measures servicing assets and liabilities based on the lower of cost or market.  

Deposits
- The estimated fair value of demand deposits, savings accounts, and money market accounts is the amount payable on demand at
the reporting date. The estimated fair value of fixed maturity certificates of deposits is estimated by discounting the future
cash flows using rates currently offered for deposits of similar remaining maturities.  

Bank-owned
life insurance - The cash surrender value of bank owned life insurance policies held by the Bank approximates fair values of the
policies.  

30  

Short-term
borrowed funds - The carrying amounts of federal funds purchased, borrowings under repurchase agreements, and other short-term
borrowings maturing within 90 days approximate their fair values. Estimated fair values of other short-term borrowings are estimated
using discounted cash flow analyses based on the Company s current incremental borrowing rates for similar types of borrowing
arrangements.  

Long-term
debt - The estimated fair values of the Company s long-term debt are estimated using discounted cash flow analyses based
on the Company s current incremental borrowing rates for similar types of borrowing arrangements.  

Other
Investments   The carrying value approximates the fair value.  

Derivative
assets and liabilities   The primary use of derivative instruments are related to the mortgage banking activities of the
Company. The Company s wholesale mortgage banking subsidiary enters into interest rate lock commitments related to expected
funding of residential mortgage loans at specified times in the future. Interest rate lock commitments that relate to the origination
of mortgage loans that will be held-for-sale are considered derivative instruments under applicable accounting guidance. As such,
The Company records its interest rate lock commitments and forward loan sales commitments at fair value, determined as the amount
that would be required to settle each of these derivative financial instruments at the balance sheet date. In the normal course
of business, the mortgage subsidiary enters into contractual interest rate lock commitments to extend credit, if approved, at
a fixed interest rate and with fixed expiration dates. The commitments become effective when the borrowers  lock-in 
a specified interest rate within the time frames established by the mortgage banking subsidiary. Market risk arises if interest
rates move adversely between the time of the interest rate lock by the borrower and the sale date of the loan to an investor.
To mitigate the effect of the interest rate risk inherent in providing interest rate lock commitments to borrowers, the mortgage
banking subsidiary enters into best efforts forward sales contracts with third party investors. The forward sales contracts lock
in a price for the sale of loans similar to the specific interest rate lock commitments. Both the interest rate lock commitments
to the borrowers and the forward sales contracts to the investors that extend through to the date the loan may close are derivatives,
and accordingly, are marked to fair value through earnings. In estimating the fair value of an interest rate lock commitment,
the Company assigns a probability to the interest rate lock commitment based on an expectation that it will be exercised and the
loan will be funded. The fair value of the interest rate lock commitment is derived from the fair value of related mortgage loans,
which is based on observable market data and includes the expected net future cash flows related to servicing of the loans. The
fair value of the interest rate lock commitment is also derived from inputs that include guarantee fees negotiated with the agencies
and private investors, buy-up and buy-down values provided by the agencies and private investors, and interest rate spreads for
the difference between retail and wholesale mortgage rates. Management also applies fall-out ratio assumptions for those interest
rate lock commitments for which we do not close a mortgage loan. The fall-out ratio assumptions are based on the mortgage subsidiary s
historical experience, conversion ratios for similar loan commitments, and market conditions. While fall-out tendencies are not
exact predictions of which loans will or will not close, historical performance review of loan-level data provides the basis for
determining the appropriate hedge ratios. In addition, on a periodic basis, the mortgage banking subsidiary performs analysis
of actual rate lock fall-out experience to determine the sensitivity of the mortgage pipeline to interest rate changes from the
date of the commitment through loan origination, and then period end, using applicable published mortgage-backed investment security
prices. The expected fall-out ratios (or conversely the  pull-through  percentages) are applied to the determined
fair value of the unclosed mortgage pipeline in accordance with GAAP. Changes to the fair value of interest rate lock commitments
are recognized based on interest rate changes, changes in the probability that the commitment will be exercised, and the passage
of time. The fair value of the forward sales contracts to investors considers the market price movement of the same type of security
between the trade date and the balance sheet date. These instruments are defined as Level 2 within the valuation hierarchy.  

Derivative
instruments not related to mortgage banking activities interest rate swap agreements. Fair values for these instruments are based
on quoted market prices, when available. As such, the fair value adjustments for derivatives with fair values based on quoted
market prices are recurring Level 1.  

Commitments
to extend credit   The carrying amounts of these commitments are considered to be a reasonable estimate of fair value because
the commitments underlying interest rates are based upon current market rates.  

Accrued
interest payable - The fair value approximates the carrying value.  

Off-balance
sheet financial instruments   Contract values and fair values for off-balance sheet, credit-related financial instruments
are based on estimated fees currently charged to enter into similar agreements, taking into account the remaining terms of the
agreements and counterparties  credit standing.  

31  

The
carrying amount and estimated fair value of the Company s financial instruments at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015
are as follows:  

32  

In
determining appropriate levels, the Company performs a detailed analysis of the assets and liabilities that are subject to fair
value disclosures. At each reporting period, all assets and liabilities for which the fair value measurement is based on significant
unobservable inputs are classified as Level 3.  

Following
is a description of valuation methodologies used for assets recorded at fair value on a recurring and non-recurring basis.  

Securities
Available-for-Sale   

Measurement
is on a recurring basis upon quoted market prices, if available. If quoted market prices are not available, fair values are measured
using independent pricing models or other model-based valuation techniques such as the present value of future cash flows, adjusted
for prepayment assumptions, projected credit losses, and liquidity. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company s
investment securities available-for-sale are recurring Level 2.  

Mortgage
Loans Held for Sale   

Mortgage
loans held for sale are recorded at either fair value, if elected, or the lower of cost or fair value on an individual loan basis.
Origination fees and costs for loans held for sale recorded at lower of cost or market are capitalized in the basis of the loan
and are included in the calculation of realized gains and losses upon sale. Origination fees and costs are recognized in earnings
at the time of origination for loans held for sale that are recorded at fair value. Fair value is derived from observable current
market prices, when available, and includes loan servicing value. When observable market prices are not available, the Company
uses judgment and estimates fair value using internal models, in which the Company uses its best estimates of assumptions it believes
would be used by market participants in estimating fair value. Mortgage loans held for sale are classified within Level 2 of the
valuation hierarchy.  

Derivative
Assets and Liabilities   

The
primary use of derivative instruments is related to the mortgage banking activities of the Company. The Company s wholesale
mortgage banking subsidiary enters into interest rate lock commitments related to expected funding of residential mortgage loans
at specified times in the future. Interest rate lock commitments that relate to the origination of mortgage loans that will be
held-for-sale are considered derivative instruments under applicable accounting guidance. As such, The Company records its interest
rate lock commitments and forward loan sales commitments at fair value, determined as the amount that would be required to settle
each of these derivative financial instruments at the balance sheet date. In the normal course of business, the mortgage subsidiary
enters into contractual interest rate lock commitments to extend credit, if approved, at a fixed interest rate and with fixed
expiration dates. The commitments become effective when the borrowers  lock-in  a specified interest rate within the
time frames established by the mortgage banking subsidiary. Market risk arises if interest rates move adversely between the time
of the interest rate lock by the borrower and the sale date of the loan to an investor. To mitigate the effect of the interest
rate risk inherent in providing interest rate lock commitments to borrowers, the mortgage banking subsidiary enters into best
efforts forward sales contracts with third party investors. The forward sales contracts lock in a price for the sale of loans
similar to the specific interest rate lock commitments. Both the interest rate lock commitments to the borrowers and the forward
sales contracts to the investors that extend through to the date the loan may close are derivatives, and accordingly, are marked
to fair value through earnings. In estimating the fair value of an interest rate lock commitment, the Company assigns a probability
to the interest rate lock commitment based on an expectation that it will be exercised and the loan will be funded. The fair value
of the interest rate lock commitment is derived from the fair value of related mortgage loans, which is based on observable market
data and includes the expected net future cash flows related to servicing of the loans. The fair value of the interest rate lock
commitment is also derived from inputs that include guarantee fees negotiated with the agencies and private investors, buy-up
and buy-down values provided by the agencies and private investors, and interest rate spreads for the difference between retail
and wholesale mortgage rates. Management also applies fall-out ratio assumptions for those interest rate lock commitments for
which we do not close a mortgage loan. The fall-out ratio assumptions are based on the mortgage subsidiary s historical
experience, conversion ratios for similar loan commitments, and market conditions. While fall-out tendencies are not exact predictions
of which loans will or will not close, historical performance review of loan-level data provides the basis for determining the
appropriate hedge ratios. In addition, on a periodic basis, the mortgage banking subsidiary performs analysis of actual rate lock
fall-out experience to determine the sensitivity of the mortgage pipeline to interest rate changes from the date of the commitment
through loan origination, and then period end, using applicable published mortgage-backed investment security prices. The expected
fall-out ratios (or conversely the  pull-through  percentages) are applied to the determined fair value of the unclosed
mortgage pipeline in accordance with GAAP. Changes to the fair value of interest rate lock commitments are recognized based on
interest rate changes, changes in the probability that the commitment will be exercised, and the passage of time. The fair value
of the forward sales contracts to investors considers the market price movement of the same type of security between the trade
date and the balance sheet date. These instruments are defined as Level 2 within the valuation hierarchy.  

33  

Derivative
instruments not related to mortgage banking activities include interest rate swap agreements. Fair values for these instruments
are based on quoted market prices, when available. As such, the fair value adjustments for derivatives with fair values based
on quoted market prices in an active market are recurring Level 1.  

Impaired
Loans   

Loans
that are considered impaired are recorded at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. Once a loan is considered impaired, the fair
value is measured using one of several methods, including collateral liquidation value, market value of similar debt and discounted
cash flows. Those impaired loans not requiring a specific charge against the allowance represent loans for which the fair value
of the expected repayments or collateral meet or exceed the recorded investment in the loan. Loans which are deemed to be impaired
are primarily valued on a nonrecurring basis at the fair value of the underlying real estate collateral. Such fair values are
obtained using independent appraisals, which the Company considers to be Level 3 inputs.  

Other
Real Estate Owned ( OREO )   

OREO
is carried at the lower of carrying value or fair value on a nonrecurring basis. Fair value is based upon independent appraisals
or management s estimation of the collateral and is considered a Level 3 measurement. When the OREO value is based upon
a current appraisal or when a current appraisal is not available or there is estimated further impairment, the measurement is
considered a Level 3 measurement.  

Mortgage
Servicing Rights   

A
mortgage servicing right asset represents the amount by which the present value of the estimated future net cash flows to be received
from servicing loans are expected to more than adequately compensate the Company for performing the servicing. The Company initially
measures servicing assets and liabilities retained related to the sale of residential loans held for sale ( mortgage servicing
rights ) at fair value, if practicable. For subsequent measurement purposes, the Company measures servicing assets and liabilities
based on the lower of cost or market on a quarterly basis. The quarterly determination of fair value of servicing rights is provided
by a third party and is estimated using a present value cash flow model. The most important assumptions used in the valuation
model are the anticipated rate of the loan prepayments and discount rates. Although some assumptions in determining fair value
are based on standards used by market participants, some are based on unobservable inputs and therefore are classified in Level
3 of the valuation hierarchy.  

34  

Assets
and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis are as follows as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:  

35  

Assets
measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis are as follows as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:  

For
Level 3 assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring or nonrecurring basis as of September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015, the significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurements were as follows:  

September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015   

Significant    
     Significant Unobservable  

Valuation Technique    
     Observable Inputs    
     Inputs  
 
     Impaired Loans    
     Appraisal Value    
     Appraisals and or sales of comparable properties    
     Appraisals discounted 10% to 20% for sales commissions and other holding costs  

Real estate owned    
     Appraisal Value/ 
Comparison Sales/ 
Other estimates    
     Appraisals and or sales of comparable properties    
     Appraisals discounted 10% to 20% for sales commissions and other holding costs  

Mortgage Servicing Rights    
     Discounted cash flows    
     Comparable sales    
     Discount rates ranges 12% - 13% - 2016 and 2015 
Prepayment rate 11% - 12% - 2016 
Prepayment rate 8% - 9% - 2015  

36  

NOTE
9 - EARNINGS PER SHARE   

Basic
earnings per share ( EPS ) represents income available to common stockholders divided by the weighted-average number
of shares outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share reflects additional shares that would have been outstanding
if dilutive potential shares had been issued. Potential shares that may be issued by the Company relate solely to outstanding
stock options, restricted stock (non-vested shares), restricted stock units ( RSUs ) and warrants, and are determined
using the treasury stock method. Under the treasury stock method, the number of incremental shares is determined by assuming the
issuance of stock for the outstanding stock options, unvested restricted stock and RSUs, and warrants, reduced by the number of
shares assumed to be repurchased from the issuance proceeds, using the average market price for the period of the Company s
stock. Weighted-average shares for the basic and diluted EPS calculations have been reduced by the average number of unvested
restricted shares.  

On
June 22, 2015, the Board of Directors of the Company declared a six-for-five stock split representing a 20% stock dividend to
stockholders of record as of July 15, 2015, payable on July 31, 2015.  

All
share, earnings per share, and per share data have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the stock splits for all periods presented
in accordance with GAAP.  

The
following is a summary of the reconciliation of weighted average shares outstanding for the three months and nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015:  

The
following is a summary of the reconciliation of shares issued and outstanding and unvested restricted stock awards as of September
30, 2016 and 2015 used to calculate book value per share:  

37  

NOTE
10   SUPPLEMENTAL SEGMENT INFORMATION   

The
Company has three reportable segments: community banking, wholesale mortgage banking ( mortgage banking ) and other.
The community banking segment includes traditional banking services offered through CresCom Bank as well as the managerial and
operational support provided by Carolina Services. The mortgage banking segment provides wholesale mortgage loan origination and
servicing offered through Crescent Mortgage Company. The other segment includes parent company financial information and represents
an overhead function rather than an operating segment. The parent company s most significant assets are its net investments in
its subsidiaries.  

The
accounting policies of the segments are the same as those described in the summary of significant accounting policies. The Company
evaluates performance based on net income.  

The
Company accounts for intersegment revenues and expenses as if the revenue/expense transactions were generated to third parties,
that is, at current market prices.  

The
Company s reportable segments are strategic business units that offer different products and services. They are managed
separately because each segment has different types and levels of credit and interest rate risk.  

The
following tables present selected financial information for the Company s reportable business segments for the three months
and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:  

38  

The
following tables present selected financial information for the Company s reportable business segments for September 30,
2016 and December 31, 2015:  

39  

Item
2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.   

The
following discussion reviews our results of operations for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared
to the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2015 and assesses our financial condition as of September 30, 2016 as
compared to December 31, 2015. You should read the following discussion and analysis in conjunction with the accompanying consolidated
financial statements and the related notes and the consolidated financial statements and the related notes for the year ended
December 31, 2015 included in our Form 10-K for that period. Results for the three months and nine months ended September 30,
2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the year ending December 31, 2016 or any future period.   

Cautionary
Warning Regarding Forward-Looking Statements   

This
report, including information included or incorporated by reference in this report, contains statements which constitute forward-looking
statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
Forward-looking statements may relate to our financial condition, results of operation, plans, objectives, or future performance.
These statements are based on many assumptions and estimates and are not guarantees of future performance. Our actual results
may differ materially from those anticipated in any forward-looking statements, as they will depend on many factors about which
we are unsure, including many factors which are beyond our control. The words  may,   would,   could, 
 should,   will,   expect,   anticipate,   predict,   project, 
 potential,   believe,   continue,   assume,   intend,   plan, 
and  estimate,  as well as similar expressions, are meant to identify such forward-looking statements. Potential risks
and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ from those anticipated in any forward-looking statements include,
but are not limited to, the following:  

our
    ability to maintain appropriate levels of capital and to comply with our capital ratio requirements;   

examinations
    by our regulatory authorities, including the possibility that the regulatory authorities may, among other things, require
    us to increase our allowance for loan losses or write-down assets or otherwise impose restrictions or conditions on our operations,
    including, but not limited to, our ability to acquire or be acquired;   

changes
    in economic conditions, either nationally or regionally and especially in our primary market areas, resulting in, among other
    things, a deterioration in credit quality;   

changes
    in interest rates, or changes in regulatory environment resulting in a decline in our mortgage production and a decrease in
    the profitability of our mortgage banking operations;   

greater
    than expected losses due to higher credit losses generally and specifically because losses in the sectors of our loan portfolio
    secured by real estate are greater than expected due to economic factors, including, but not limited to, declining real estate
    values, increasing interest rates, increasing unemployment, or changes in payment behavior or other factors;   

greater
    than expected losses due to higher credit losses because our loans are concentrated by loan type, industry segment, borrower
    type, or location of the borrower or collateral;   

changes
    in the amount of our loan portfolio collateralized by real estate and weaknesses in the South Carolina, southeastern North
    Carolina and national real estate markets;   

the
    rate of delinquencies and amount of loans charged-off;   

the
    adequacy of the level of our allowance for loan losses and the amount of loan loss provisions required in future periods;   

the
    rate of loan growth in recent or future years;   

our
    ability to attract and retain key personnel;   

our
    ability to retain our existing customers, including our deposit relationships;   

significant
    increases in competitive pressure in the banking and financial services industries;   

adverse
    changes in asset quality and resulting credit risk-related losses and expenses;   

changes
    in the interest rate environment which could reduce anticipated or actual margins;   

changes
    in political conditions or the legislative or regulatory environment, including, but not limited to, the Dodd-Frank Act and
    regulations adopted thereunder, changes in federal or state tax laws or interpretations thereof by taxing authorities and
    other governmental initiatives affecting the banking, mortgage banking, and financial service industries;   

changes
    occurring in business conditions and inflation;   

increased
    funding costs due to market illiquidity, increased competition for funding, or increased regulatory requirements with regard
    to funding;   

our
    business continuity plans or data security systems could prove to be inadequate, resulting in a material interruption in,
    or disruption to, business and a negative impact on results of operations;   

changes
    in deposit flows;   

changes
    in technology;   

40  

changes
    in monetary and tax policies;   

changes
    in accounting policies, as may be adopted by the regulatory agencies, as well as the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
    and the Financial Accounting Standards Board;   

loss
    of consumer confidence and economic disruptions resulting from terrorist activities or other military actions;   

our
    expectations regarding our operating revenues, expenses, effective tax rates and other results of operations;   

our
    anticipated capital expenditures and our estimates regarding our capital requirements;   

our
    liquidity and working capital requirements;   

competitive
    pressures among depository and other financial institutions;   

the
    growth rates of the markets in which we compete;   

our
    anticipated strategies for growth and sources of new operating revenues;   

our
    current and future products, services, applications and functionality and plans to promote them;   

anticipated
    trends and challenges in our business and in the markets in which we operate;   

the
    evolution of technology affecting our products, services and markets;   

our
    ability to retain and hire necessary employees and to staff our operations appropriately;   

management
    compensation and the methodology for its determination;   

our
    ability to compete in our industry and innovation by our competitors;   

increased
    cybersecurity risk, including potential business disruptions or financial losses;   

acquisition
    integration risks, including potential deposit attrition, higher than expected costs, customer loss and business disruption,
    including, without limitation, potential difficulties in maintaining relationships with key personnel and other integration
    related matters, and the inability to identify and successfully negotiate and complete additional combinations with potential
    merger or acquisition partners or to successfully integrate such businesses into the Company, including the ability to realize
    the benefits and cost savings from, and limit any unexpected liabilities associated with, any such business combinations;   

our
    ability to stay abreast of new or modified laws and regulations that currently apply or become applicable to our business;
    and   

estimates
    and estimate methodologies used in preparing our consolidated financial statements and determining option exercise prices
    and stock-based compensation.   

If
any of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or if any of the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements prove
to be incorrect, our results could differ materially from those expressed in, implied or projected by, such forward-looking statements.
For information with respect to factors that could cause actual results to differ from the expectations stated in the forward-looking
statements, see  Risk Factors  under Part I, Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form10-K for the year ended December
31, 2015. We urge investors to consider all of these factors carefully in evaluating the forward-looking statements contained
in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and our other reports filed pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. We make these
forward-looking statements as of the date of this document and we do not intend, and assume no obligation, to update the forward-looking
statements or to update the reasons why actual results could differ from those expressed, implied or projected by us in the forward-looking
statements.  

Company
Overview   

Carolina
Financial Corporation ( Carolina Financial  or the  Company ) is a Delaware corporation that was
organized in February 1997 to serve as a bank holding company. It operates principally through CresCom Bank, a South Carolina
state-chartered bank. CresCom Bank operates Crescent Mortgage Company and Carolina Service Corporation of Charleston as
wholly-owned subsidiaries of CresCom Bank. Except where the context otherwise requires, the  Company ,
 we ,  us  and  our  refer to Carolina Financial Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries
and the  Bank  refers to CresCom Bank.  

CresCom
Bank provides a full range of commercial and retail banking financial services designed to meet the financial needs of our customers
through its branch network in South Carolina and North Carolina. Crescent Mortgage Company, headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia,
is a wholesale mortgage company that provides mortgage banking services in 45 states and partners with community banks, credit
unions and mortgage brokers.  

Like
most community banks, we derive a significant portion of our income from interest we receive on our loans and investments. Our
primary source of funds for making these loans and investments is our deposits, both interest-bearing and noninterest-bearing.
Consequently, one of the key measures of our success is our amount of net interest income, or the difference between the income
on our interest-earning assets, such as loans and investments, and the expense on our interest-bearing liabilities, such as deposits
and borrowed funds. In order to maximize our net interest income, we must not only manage the volume of these balance sheet items,
but also the yields that we earn on our interest-earning assets and the rates that we pay on interest-bearing liabilities.   

41  

There
are risks inherent in all loans, so we maintain an allowance for loan losses to absorb probable losses on existing loans that
may become uncollectible. We establish and maintain this allowance by charging a provision for loan losses against our operating
earnings.  

In
addition to earning interest on our loans and investments, we derive a portion of our income from Crescent Mortgage Company through
mortgage banking income as well as servicing income. We also earn income through fees that we charge to our customers. Likewise,
we incur other operating expenses as well.  

Economic
conditions, competition, and the monetary and fiscal policies of the federal government significantly affect most financial institutions,
including the Bank. Lending and deposit activities and fee income generation are influenced by levels of business spending and
investment, consumer income, consumer spending and savings, capital market activities, and competition among financial institutions
as well as client preferences, interest rate conditions and prevailing market rates on competing products in our market areas.  

Recent
Events   

On
October 19, 2016, the Board of Directors of Carolina Financial declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.04, payable
on January 11, 2017 to stockholders of record as of December 28, 2016.  

On
November 8, 2016, Carolina Financial announced the signing of a definitive agreement pursuant to which Carolina
Financial will acquire Greer Bancshares Incorporated ( Greer ). in a cash and stock transaction with a total
current value of approximately $45.1 million. Subject to the terms and conditions of the agreement, each share of Greer
common stock will be converted into the right to receive one of the following: (i) $18.00 in cash, (ii) 0.782 shares of
Carolina Financial common stock, or (iii) a combination of cash and Carolina Financial common stock, subject to the
limitation that, excluding any dissenting shares, the total merger consideration shall be prorated to 10% cash consideration
and 90% stock consideration. The transaction is anticipated to close at the end of the first quarter of 2017, subject
to customary closing conditions.  

Executive
Summary of Operating Results   

The
following is a summary of the Company s financial highlights and significant events in the third quarter of 2016:  

System
                                         integration related to the acquisition of Congaree Bancshares, Inc. ( Congaree )
                                         was completed during the third quarter of 2016.    

Non-GAAP
Financial Measures   

Statements
included in this management s discussion and analysis include non-GAAP financial measures and should be read along with the accompanying
tables which provide a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP financial measures. The Company s management uses
these non-GAAP financial measures, including: (i) operating earnings; (ii) operating earnings per common share (iii) operating
return on average assets, (iv) operating return on average equity, (v) core deposits, and (vi) tangible book value.  

Management
believes that non-GAAP financial measures provide additional useful information that allows readers to evaluate the ongoing performance
of the Company without regard to transactional activities. Non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered as an alternative
to any measure of performance or financial condition as promulgated under GAAP, and investors should consider the Company s performance
and financial condition as reported under GAAP and all other relevant information when assessing the performance or financial
condition of the Company. Non-GAAP financial measures have limitations as analytical tools, and investors should not consider
them in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of the Company s results or financial condition as reported under GAAP.  

42  

The
following table presents a reconciliation of Non-GAAP performance measures for operating earnings and corresponding ratios:  

(1)
Tax expense is determined using the effective tax rate reflected in the accompanying income statement for the applicable reporting
period.  

(2)
In March 2016, the FASB issued guidance to simplify several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment award transactions,
including income tax consequences. In addition to other changes, the guidance changes the accounting for excess tax benefits and
tax deficiencies from generally being recognized in additional paid-in capital to recognition as income tax expense or benefit
in the period they occur. The Company early adopted the new guidance in the second quarter of 2016. As a result, the Company s
income tax expense was reduced by approximately $399,000, or $0.03 per diluted share, in the second quarter of 2016.  

43  

The
following table presents a reconciliation of Non-GAAP performance measures of core deposits and tangible book value per share.  

Critical
Accounting Policies   

There
have been no significant changes to our critical accounting policies from those disclosed in our 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Refer to the notes to our consolidated financial statements in our 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K for a full disclosure of all
critical accounting policies.  

44  

Results
of Operations   

Summary    

The
Company reported net income for the three months ended September 30, 2016 of $5.9 million, or $0.47 per diluted share, as compared
to $3.9 million, or $0.40 per diluted share, for the three months ended September 30, 2015. Net income for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 totaled $12.4 million, or $1.02 per diluted share, compared to net income of $10.8 million, or $1.13 per diluted
share. Included in net income for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 were pretax merger related expense of $3.0 million.  

The
decrease in earnings per share for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from the nine months ended September 30, 2015 was
primarily a result of the following:  

Merger
                                         related expenses incurred from the acquisition of Congaree of $3.0 million for the nine
                                         months ended September 30, 2016.    

Issuance
                                         of 508,910 shares of common stock in connection with the acquisition of Congaree during
                                         the second quarter.    

Net
Interest Income and Margin    

Net
interest income is a significant component of our net income. Net interest income is the difference between income earned on interest-earning
assets and interest paid on interest-bearing liabilities. Net interest income is determined by the yields earned on interest-earning
assets, rates paid on interest-bearing liabilities, the relative balances of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities,
the degree of mismatch, and the maturity and repricing characteristics of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities.  

Net
interest income increased to $14.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $10.9 million for the three months
ended September 30, 2015. Net interest income increased to $37.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $31.9
million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in net interest income is a result of the increase in average
interest-earning assets balances. The increase in average earnings assets for the three months and nine months ended September
30, 2016 is primarily the result of increased balances of loans receivable.  

The
growth in loan balances was primarily the result of the following:  

On
                                         June 11, 2016, the Company acquired approximately $74.6 million of loans, net of purchase
                                         accounting adjustment as part of the acquisition of Congaree.    

Residential
                                         mortgage   In addition to selling a portion of its production, the Company has
                                         retained a portion of its mortgage production. Due to management s emphasis on
                                         growing the Company s residential mortgage portfolio, loans receivable within the
                                         one-to-four family portfolio has increased $101.6 million since September 30, 2015. This
                                         growth includes loans acquired in the acquisition of Congaree as well as a purchase of
                                         a non-conforming residential loan pool during the fourth quarter of 2015 with a balance
                                         of $31.9 million as of September 30, 2016.    

Commercial
                                         lending   during 2014 and 2015, the Company expanded its commercial lending team
                                         by hiring additional loan officers in its Charleston and Myrtle Beach markets of South
                                         Carolina. The Company also has opened its first branch in the upstate of South Carolina,
                                         and a branch in Wilmington, North Carolina. As a result, gross loans receivable within
                                         commercial real estate and construction and development increased $126.4 million since
                                         September 30, 2015.    

Syndicated
                                         loans   The Company s primary markets are generally concentrated in real
                                         estate lending and have provided limited opportunities to develop a Commercial and Industrial
                                         ( C I ) loan portfolio. However, in order to diversify our lending portfolio,
                                         the Company began a syndicated loan program in 2014 to purchase C I loans originated
                                         in other markets to retain in the loan portfolio. These loans typically have terms of
                                         seven years and generally are tied to a floating rate index such as LIBOR or prime. To
                                         effectively manage this new line of lending, the Company hired an experienced senior
                                         lending executive in 2014 with relevant experience to lead and manage this area of the
                                         loan portfolio and retained a consulting firm that specializes in syndicated loans. Syndicated
                                         loans have grown $9.2 million since September 30, 2015. As of September 30, 2016, the
                                         syndicated loan portfolio outstanding was $87.7 million and is grouped within commercial
                                         business loans. The Company s policy currently limits the syndicated loan portfolio
                                         not to exceed 75% of the Bank s Tier 1 regulatory capital. As of September 30,
                                         2016, the Moody s weighted average credit facility rating of the syndicated loan
                                         portfolio was Ba2, with no credit rated less than B2.    

45  

The
following table sets forth information related to our average balance sheet, average yields on assets, and average costs of liabilities
for the periods indicated (dollars in thousands). We derived these yields or costs by dividing income or expense by the average
balance of the corresponding assets or liabilities. We derived average balances from the daily balances throughout the periods
indicated. During the same periods, we had no securities purchased with agreements to resell. All investments were owned at an
original maturity of over one year. Nonaccrual loans are included in earning assets in the following tables. Loan yields reflect
the negative impact on our earnings of loans on nonaccrual status. The net capitalized loan costs and fees, which are considered
immaterial, are amortized into interest income on loans.  

(1)
Average balances of loans include nonaccrual loans.  

  (2)
The tax-equivalent net interest margin reflects tax-exempt income on a tax-equivalent basis.  

46  

Our
net interest margin was 3.67%, or 3.75% on a tax-equivalent basis, for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to 3.56%,
or 3.66% on a tax equivalent basis, for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in margin from period to period
is the result of a shift to higher yielding earning assets as well as an increase in yield on loans receivable. Average loans
receivable comprised 72.3% of earnings assets for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to 69.4% for the three months
ended September 30, 2015. The increase in yield on loans receivable during the period is the result of accretion income of $399,000
recognized related to the acquisition of Congaree as well as prepayment penalty collected of $92,000.  

Our
net interest spread, which is not on a tax-equivalent basis, was 3.50% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared
to 3.47% for the same period in 2015. The net interest spread is the difference between the yield we earn on our interest-earning
assets and the rate we pay on our interest-bearing liabilities. The 3 basis point increase in net interest spread is a result
of the 17 basis point increase in yield on interest-earning assets offset by a 15 basis point increase in rate paid on interest-bearing
liabilities.  

(1)
Average balances of loans include nonaccrual loans.  

  (2)
The tax-equivalent net interest margin reflects tax-exempt income on a tax-equivalent basis.  

Our
net interest margin was 3.59%, or 3.67% on a tax-equivalent basis, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to 3.62%,
or 3.71% on a tax equivalent basis, for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease in margin from period to period
is the result of the recognition of $460,000 of previously uncollected interest income from the resolution of a non performing
asset during the second quarter of 2015 as well as an increase in certificate of deposits during 2016 that has increased the rate
paid on interest-bearing liabilities. In addition, the Federal Reserve increased interest rates in December of 2015 which has
increased the rate paid on our short term borrowings for 2016.  

Our
net interest spread, which is not on a tax-equivalent basis, was 3.43% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as
compared to 3.52% for the same period in 2015. The net interest spread is the difference between the yield we earn on our
interest-earning assets and the rate we pay on our interest-bearing liabilities. The 9 basis point decrease in net interest
spread is a result of the 7 basis point increase in yield on interest-earning assets and a 16 basis point increase in rate
paid on interest-bearing liabilities.  

47  

Provision
for Loan Loss    

We
have established an allowance for loan losses through a provision for loan losses charged as an expense on our consolidated statements
of operations. We review our loan portfolio periodically to evaluate our outstanding loans and to measure both the performance
of the portfolio and the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses. Please see the discussion below under  Allowance for
Loan Losses  for a description of the factors we consider in determining the amount of the provision we expense each period
to maintain this allowance.  

Following
is a summary of the activity in the allowance for loan losses during the periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  

The
Company experienced net recoveries of $43,000 and net charge offs of $128,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015, respectively. The Company experienced net recoveries of $199,000 and $854,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015, respectively. Asset quality has remained relatively consistent since year end, with nonperforming assets to total assets
slightly decreasing to 0.42% as of September 30, 2016 as compared to 0.47% as of December 31, 2015. No provision expense for loan
losses was recorded during 2016 or 2015 primarily due to the net recoveries experienced.  

Provision
expense is recorded based on our assessment of general loan loss risk as well as asset quality. The allowance for loan losses
is management s estimate of probable credit losses inherent in the loan portfolio at the balance sheet date. Management
determines the allowance based on an ongoing evaluation. Estimating the amount of the allowance for loan losses requires significant
judgment and the use of estimates related to the amount and timing of expected future cash flows on impaired loans, estimated
losses on non-impaired loans based on historical loss experience, and consideration of current economic trends and conditions,
all of which may be susceptible to significant change. For further discussion regarding the calculation of the allowance, see
the  Allowance for Loan Losses  discussion below.  

48  

Noninterest
Income and Expense     

Noninterest
income provides us with additional revenues that are significant sources of income. The major components of noninterest income
for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are presented below:  

Noninterest
income increased $1.6 million to $8.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $7.3 million for the three months
ended September 30, 2015. The increase in noninterest income primarily relates to the increase in mortgage banking income as a
result of margin expansion experienced during the quarter  

Noninterest
income increased $1.2 million to $22.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $21.2 million for the nine months
ended September 30, 2015. The increase in noninterest income primarily relates to the decrease in loss on extinguishment of debt.  

The
following table provides a break out of mortgage banking income from our retail mortgage team  Community banking 
and Crescent Mortgage Company  Wholesale mortgage banking :  

The
percentage of originations attributable to refinances were 35.9% for the third quarter of 2016 compared to 30.3% for the third
quarter of 2015.  

During
the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recognized net gains on sale of available-for-sale securities
of $111,000 and $1.0 million respectively. Net gain on sale of available-for-sale securities were $641,000 and $1.5 million for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  

The
fair value adjustment on interest rate swaps increased noninterest income by $99,000 for the three months ended September
30, 2016 compared to an reduction in noninterest income of $1.3 million for three months ended September 30, 2015. The fair
value adjustment on interest rate swaps reduced noninterest income by $408,000 and $1.3 million for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The change in fair value adjustment on interest rate swaps relates to the change
in interest rates from period to period. The Company uses standalone interest rate swaps to more closely match the interest
rate characteristics of assets and liabilities and to mitigate the risks arising from timing mismatches between assets and
liabilities including duration mismatches.  

49  

During
three months and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company incurred loss on extinguishment of debt of $118,000 and $174,000,
respectively. Loss on extinguishment of debt was $1.2 million for nine months ended September 30, 2015. There was no loss on extinguishment
of debt recorded for the three months ended September 30, 2015.  

The
following table sets forth for the periods indicated the primary components of noninterest expense:  

Noninterest
expense represents the largest expense category for the Company. Noninterest expense increased to $13.9 million for the three
months ended September 30, 2016 from $12.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. For the nine months ended September
30, 2016, noninterest expense increased to $42.0 million from $37.0 million at September 30, 2015. The increase in noninterest
expense for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2016 is primarily the result of an increase in salaries and employee
benefits and occupancy and equipment as well as merger related expense related to the acquisition of Congaree during the second
quarter of 2016. Merger related expenses totaled $3.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. In addition, the Company
opened a branch during the first quarter of 2016 in the Wilmington market.  

Income
Tax Expense    

Our
effective tax rate was 33.5% for three month period ended September 30, 2016, compared to 33.4% for the three month period ended
September 30, 2015. Our effective rate was 30.7% for nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to 32.9% for the nine months
ended September 30, 2015. In March 2016, the FASB issued guidance to simplify several aspects of the accounting for share-based
payment award transactions, including income tax consequences. In addition to other changes, the guidance changes the accounting
for excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies from generally being recognized in additional paid-in capital to recognition as income
tax expense or benefit in the period they occur. The Company early adopted the new guidance in the second quarter of 2016. As
a result, the Company s income tax expense was reduced by approximately$22,000 and $421,000 for the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016, respectively.  

50  

Balance
Sheet Review    

Securities   

Our
primary objective in managing the investment portfolio is to maintain a portfolio of high quality, highly liquid investments yielding
competitive returns. We are required under federal regulations to maintain adequate liquidity to ensure safe and sound operations.
We maintain investment balances based on a continuing assessment of cash flows, the level of current and expected loan production,
current interest rate risk strategies and the assessment of the potential future direction of market interest rate changes. Investment
securities differ in terms of default, interest rate, liquidity and expected rate of return risk.  

At
September 30, 2016, our securities portfolio, excluding FHLB stock and other investments, was $336.9 million or approximately
20.4% of our assets. Our available-for-sale securities portfolio included US agency securities, municipal securities, collateralized
loan obligations, mortgage-backed securities (agency and non-agency), and trust preferred securities with a fair value of $336.9
million and an amortized cost of $334.4 million for a net unrealized gain of $2.5 million.  

As
securities are purchased, they are designated as held-to-maturity or available-for-sale based upon our intent, which incorporates
liquidity needs, interest rate expectations, asset/liability management strategies, and capital requirements. We do not currently
hold, nor have we ever held, any securities that are designated as trading securities.  

During
the second quarter of 2016, the Company tainted its securities held-to-maturity portfolio as a result of a change in the intent
to hold the securities until maturity to provide opportunities to maximize its asset utilization. As a result, the securities
were moved to available-for-sale resulting in an increase to accumulated other comprehensive income of $655,000.  

Loans
by Type    

Since
loans typically provide higher interest yields than other types of interest-earning assets, a substantial percentage of our earning
assets are invested in our loan portfolio. Gross loans receivable at September 30, 2016 and December 2015 were $1.1 billion and
$922.7 million, respectively.  

Our
loan portfolio consists primarily of loans secured by real estate mortgages. As of September 30, 2016, our loan portfolio included
$984.9 million, or 86.9%, of gross loans secured by real estate. As of December 31, 2015, our loan portfolio included $801.2 million,
or 86.8%, of gross loans secured by real estate. Substantially all of our real estate loans are secured by residential or commercial
property. We obtain a security interest in real estate, in addition to any other available collateral. This collateral is taken
to increase the likelihood of the ultimate repayment of the loan. Generally, we limit the loan-to-value ratio on loans to coincide
with the appropriate regulatory guidelines. The Bank s primary markets are generally concentrated in real estate lending.
In order to diversify our lending portfolio, the Bank began a syndicated loan program during 2014. As of September 30, 2016, syndicated
loans were $87.7 million and are included within commercial business loans in the table below. We attempt to maintain a relatively
diversified loan portfolio to help reduce the risk inherent in concentration in certain types of collateral and business types.  

As
shown in the table below, gross loans receivable increased $210.5 million since December 31, 2015. The increase in loans receivable
primarily relates to the $74.6 million in loans acquired, net of purchase accounting adjustments, in the acquisition of Congaree
on June 11, 2016 as well as the Bank s focus on growing residential mortgage and commercial lending.  

51  

The
following table summarizes loans by type and percent of total at the end of the periods indicated:  

Maturities
and Sensitivity of Loans to Changes in Interest Rates    

The
information in the following table is based on the contractual maturities of individual loans, including loans which may be subject
to renewal at their contractual maturity. Renewal of such loans is subject to review and credit approval, as well as modification
of terms upon maturity. Actual repayments of loans may differ from the maturities reflected below because borrowers have the right
to prepay obligations with or without prepayment penalties.  

The
following table summarizes the loan maturity distribution by type and related interest rate characteristics.  

52  

Nonperforming
and Problem Assets     

Nonperforming
assets include loans on which interest is not being accrued, accruing loans that are 90 days or more delinquent and foreclosed
property. Foreclosed property consists of real estate and other assets acquired as a result of a borrower s loan default.
Generally, a loan is placed on nonaccrual status when it becomes 90 days past due as to principal or interest, or when we believe,
after considering economic and business conditions and collection efforts, that the borrower s financial condition is such
that collection of the loan is doubtful. A payment of interest on a loan that is classified as nonaccrual is recognized as a reduction
of principal when received. In general, a nonaccrual loan may be placed back onto accruing status once the borrower has made a
minimum of six consecutive payments in accordance with the loan terms. Further, the borrower must show capacity to continue performing
into the future prior to restoration of accrual status. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31 2015, we had no loans 90 days
past due and still accruing.  

Troubled
Debt Restructurings ( TDRs )    

The
Company designates loan modifications as TDRs when, for economic or legal reasons related to the borrower s financial difficulties,
it grants a concession to the borrower that it would not otherwise consider. Loans on nonaccrual status at the date of modification
are initially classified as nonaccrual TDRs. Loans on accruing status at the date of modification are initially classified as
accruing TDRs at the date of modification, if the note is reasonably assured of repayment and performance is in accordance with
its modified terms. Such loans may be designated as nonaccrual loans subsequent to the modification date if reasonable doubt exists
as to the collection of interest or principal under the restructuring agreement. Nonaccrual TDRs are returned to accrual status
when there is economic substance to the restructuring, there is well documented credit evaluation of the borrower s financial
condition, the remaining balance is reasonably assured of repayment in accordance with its modified terms, and the borrower has
demonstrated repayment performance in accordance with the modified terms for a reasonable period of time, generally a minimum
of six months.  

The
following table summarizes nonperforming and problem assets at the end of the periods indicated.  

At
September 30, 2016, nonperforming assets were $7.0 million, or 0.42% of total assets. Comparatively, nonperforming assets were
$6.7 million, or 0.47% of total assets, at December 31, 2015. Nonperforming loans were 0.37% and 0.47% of gross loans receivable
at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.  

Potential
problem loans, which are not included in nonperforming loans, amounted to approximately $4.9 million, or 0.43% of gross loans
at September 30, 2016, compared to $13.2 million, or 1.43% of gross loans at December 31, 2015. Potential problem loans represent
those loans with a well-defined weakness and where information about possible credit problems of borrowers has caused management
to have serious doubts about the borrower s ability to comply with present repayment terms. The decrease in potential problem
loans since December 31, 2015 is the result of payoffs to other institutions.  

Substantially
all of the nonaccrual loans, accruing loans 90 days or more delinquent and accruing renegotiated loans at September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015 are collateralized by real estate. The Bank utilizes third party appraisers to determine the fair value of collateral
dependent loans. Our current loan and appraisal policies require the Bank to obtain updated appraisals on an annual basis, either
through a new external appraisal or an internal appraisal evaluation. Impaired loans are individually reviewed on a quarterly
basis to determine the level of impairment. We typically charge-off a portion or create a specific reserve for impaired loans
when we do not expect repayment to occur as agreed upon under the original terms of the loan agreement. Management believes based
on information known and available currently, the probable losses related to problem assets are adequately reserved in the allowance
for loan losses.  

Credit
quality indicators continue to show improvement as the Company experienced reduced loan migrations to nonaccrual status, and lower
loss severity on individual problem asset. The Company believes this general trend in reduced loans migrating into nonaccrual
status is an indication of improving credit quality in the Company s overall loan portfolio and a leading indicator of reduced
credit losses going forward. Nevertheless, the Company can make no assurances that nonperforming assets will continue to improve
in future periods. The Company continues to monitor the loan portfolio and foreclosed assets very carefully and is continually
working to reduce its problem assets.  

53  

Allowance
for Loan Losses    

The
allowance for loan losses is management s estimate of probable credit losses inherent in the loan portfolio at the balance
sheet date. Management determines the allowance based on an ongoing evaluation. Estimating the amount of the allowance for loan
losses requires significant judgment and the use of estimates related to the amount and timing of expected future cash flows on
impaired loans, estimated losses on non-impaired loans based on historical loss experience, and consideration of current economic
trends and conditions, all of which may be susceptible to significant change. The allowance consists of specific and general components.  

The
general component covers nonimpaired loans and is based on historical loss experience adjusted for current factors. The historical
loss experience is determined by major loan category and is based on the actual loss history trends for the previous 20 quarters.
The actual loss experience is supplemented with internal and external qualitative factors as considered necessary at each period
and given the facts at the time. These qualitative factors adjust the 20 quarter historical loss rate to recognize the most recent
loss results and changes in the economic conditions to ensure the estimated losses in the portfolio are recognized in the period
incurred and that the allowance at each balance sheet date is adequate and appropriate in accordance with GAAP. Qualitative factors
include consideration of the following: levels of and trends in delinquencies and impaired loans; levels of and trends in charge-offs
and recoveries for the most recent twelve quarters; trends in volume and terms of loans; effects of any changes in risk selection
and underwriting standards; other changes in lending policies, procedures, and practices; experience, ability, and depth of lending
management and other relevant staff; national and local economic trends and conditions; industry conditions; and effects of changes
in credit concentrations.  

The
specific component relates to loans that are individually classified as impaired when, based on current information and events,
it is probable that the Company will be unable to collect all amounts due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement.
These analyses involve a high degree of judgment in estimating the amount of loss associated with specific loans, including estimating
the amount and timing of future cash flows and collateral values. Impaired loans are evaluated for impairment using the discounted
cash flow methodology or based on the net realizable value of the underlying collateral. Impaired loans are individually reviewed
on a quarterly basis to determine the level of impairment. See additional discussion in section  Nonperforming and Problem
Assets  above.  

While
management uses the best information available to establish the allowance for loan losses, future adjustments to the allowance
may be necessary if economic conditions differ substantially from the assumptions used in making the valuations or, if required
by regulators, based upon information available to them at the time of their examinations. Such adjustments to original estimates,
as necessary, are made in the period in which these factors and other relevant considerations indicate that loss levels may vary
from previous estimates. To the extent actual outcomes differ from management s estimates, additional provisions for loan
losses could be required that could adversely affect the Bank s earnings or financial position in future periods.  

The
allowance for loan losses was $10.3 million, or 0.91% of total loans at September 30, 2016, compared to $10.1 million, or 1.10%
of total loans, at December 31, 2015. Included in the loan totals were $129.5 million and $64.1 million in loans acquired through
previous branch acquisitions at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. No allowance for loan losses related to
the acquired loans is recorded on the acquisition date because the fair value of the loans acquired incorporates assumptions regarding
credit risk.  

The
Company experienced net recoveries of $43,000 and net charge offs of $128,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015, respectively. The Company experienced net recoveries of $199,000 and $854,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015, respectively. Asset quality has remained relatively consistent since year end, with nonperforming assets to total assets
slightly decreasing to 0.42% as of September 30, 2016 as compared to 0.47% as of December 31, 2015. No provision expense for loan
losses was recorded during 2016 or 2015 primarily due to the net recoveries experienced.  

54  

The
following table summarizes the activity related to our allowance for loan losses for the three months and nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015.  

55  

Mortgage
Operations   

Mortgage
Activities and Servicing    

Our
wholesale mortgage banking operations are conducted through our mortgage origination subsidiary, Crescent Mortgage Company.
Mortgage activities involve the purchase of mortgage loans and table funded originations for the purpose of generating gains
on sales of loans and fee income on the origination of loans and is included in mortgage banking income in the accompanying
consolidated statements of operations. While the Company originates residential one-to-four family loans that are held in its
loan portfolio, the majority of new loans are generally sold pursuant to secondary market guidelines through Crescent
Mortgage Company. Generally, residential mortgage loans are sold and, depending on the pricing in the marketplace, servicing
rights are either sold or retained. The level of loan sale activity and its contribution to the Company s profitability
depends on maintaining a sufficient volume of loan originations and margin. Changes in the level of interest rates and the
local economy affect the volume of loans originated by the Company and the amount of loan sales and loan fees earned.
Discussion related to the impact and changes within the mortgage operations are provided in  Results of
Operations . Additional segment information is provided in Note 10 under Item 1  Financial
Statements .  

Loan
Servicing    

We
retain the rights to service a portion of the loans we sell on the secondary market, as part of our mortgage banking activities,
for which we receive service fee income. These rights are known as mortgage servicing rights, or MSRs, where the owner of the
MSR acts on behalf of the mortgage loan owner and has the contractual right to receive a stream of cash flows in exchange for
performing specified mortgage servicing functions. These duties typically include, but are not limited to, performing loan administration,
collection, and default activities, including the collection and remittance of loan payments, responding to customer inquiries,
accounting for principal and interest, holding custodial (impound) funds for the payment of property taxes and insurance premiums,
counseling delinquent mortgagors, modifying loans and supervising foreclosures and property dispositions. We subservice the duties
and responsibilities obligated to the owner of the MSR to a third party provider for which we pay a fee.  

We
recognize the rights to service mortgage loans for others as an asset. We initially record the MSR at fair value and subsequently
account for the asset at lower of cost or market using the amortization method. Servicing assets are amortized in proportion to,
and over the period of, the estimated net servicing income and are carried at amortized cost. A valuation is performed by an independent
third party on a quarterly basis to assess the servicing assets for impairment based on the fair value at each reporting date.
The fair value of servicing assets is determined by calculating the present value of the estimated net future cash flows consistent
with contractually specified servicing fees. This valuation is performed on a disaggregated basis, based on loan type and year
of production. Generally, loan servicing becomes more valuable when interest rates rise (as prepayments typically decrease) and
less valuable when interest rates decline (as prepayments typically increase). As discussed in detail in notes to the consolidated
financial statements, we use an appropriate weighted average constant prepayment rate, discount rate, and other defined assumptions
to model the respective cash flows and determine the fair value of the servicing asset at each reporting date.  

The
Company was servicing $2.2 billion loans for others at September 30, 2016 and $2.1 billion at December 31, 2015. Mortgage servicing
rights asset had a balance of $13.6 million and $11.4 million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. The economic
estimated fair value of the mortgage servicing rights was $17.5 million and $17.6 million at September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, respectively. The amortization expense related to the mortgage servicing rights was $587,000 and $515,000 during the three
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The amortization expense related to mortgage servicing rights was $1.7
million and $1.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  

Below
is a roll-forward of activity in the balance of the servicing assets for the three months and nine months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015.  

56  

Reserve
For Mortgage Repurchase Losses    

Loans
held for sale have primarily been fixed-rate single-family residential mortgage loans under contracts to be sold in the secondary
market. In most cases, loans in this category are sold within 30 days of closing. Buyers generally have recourse to return a purchased
loan to the Company under limited circumstances. An estimation of mortgage repurchase losses is reviewed on a quarterly basis.
The representations and warranties in our loan sale agreements provide that we repurchase or indemnify the investors for losses
or costs on loans we sell under certain limited conditions. Some of these conditions include underwriting errors or omissions,
fraud or material misstatements by the borrower in the loan application or invalid market value on the collateral property due
to deficiencies in the appraisal. In addition to these representations and warranties, our loan sale contracts define a condition
in which the borrower defaults during a short period of time, typically 120 days to one year, as an early payment default, or
EPD. In the event of an EPD, we are required to return the premium paid by the investor for the loan as well as certain administrative
fees, and in some cases repurchase the loan or indemnify the investor. Because the level of mortgage loan repurchase losses depends
upon economic factors, investor demand strategies and other external conditions that may change over the life of the underlying
loans, the level of the liability for mortgage loan repurchase losses is difficult to estimate and requires considerable management
judgment.  

The
following table demonstrates the activity for the reserve for mortgage repurchase losses for the three months and nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  

For
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recorded a negative provision for mortgage repurchase
losses of $250,000 and $750,000, respectively. The decline in the provision for mortgage loan repurchase losses is related to
several factors. The Company sells mortgage loans to various third parties, including government-sponsored entities ( GSEs ),
under contractual provisions that include various representations and warranties as previously stated. The Company establishes
the reserve for mortgage loan repurchase losses based on a combination of factors, including estimated levels of defects on internal
quality assurance, default expectations, historical investor repurchase demand and appeals success rates, reimbursement by correspondent
and other third party originators, and projected loss severity. Prior to 2012, there was no expiration date related to representations
and warranties as long as the loan sold to the investor was outstanding. As a result, the Company received loan repurchase requests
years after the loan was originated and sold to various third parties. In the latter part of 2012, the regulatory framework for
certain GSEs changed where, under certain circumstances, the loan repurchase risk was limited for production beginning in January
2013. In addition, in May 2014, additional regulatory changes further limited loan repurchase risk.  

As
a result, the Company performed an analysis of its reserve for mortgage loan repurchase losses and, based on management s
judgment and interpretation of such regulatory changes, reduced the reserve accordingly. Management will continue to monitor how
the GSEs implement the regulatory changes and trends. If such trends continue to be favorable, there is a possibility that additional
reductions in this reserve could occur in future periods.  

Deposits

We
provide a range of deposit services, including noninterest-bearing demand accounts, interest-bearing demand and savings accounts,
money market accounts and time deposits. These accounts generally pay interest at rates established by management based on competitive
market factors and management s desire to increase or decrease certain types or maturities of deposits. Deposits continue
to be our primary funding source. At September 30, 2016 deposits totaled $1.3 billion, an increase of $280.7 million from deposits
of $1.0 billion at December 31, 2015. The increase in deposits since December 31, 2015 primarily relates to the $89.3 million
in deposits assumed with the completion of the acquisition of Congaree on June 11, 2016 as well as continued efforts to increase
our core deposits through business development.  

57  

Our
retail deposits represented $1.2 billion, or 88.5% of total deposits at September 30, 2016, while out-of-market brokered and institutional
deposits, represented $151.4 million, or 11.5% of our total deposits. Our retail deposits represented $882.9 million, or 85.6%
of total deposits at December 31, 2015, while out-of-market, or brokered deposits and institutional deposits, represented $148.6
million, or 14.4% of our total deposits.  

The
following table shows the average balance amounts and the average rates paid on deposits held by us.  

The
maturity distribution of our time deposits of $100,000 or more is as follows:  

58  

Borrowings

The
followings table outlines our various sources of short-term borrowed funds during the three months and nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015 and the amounts outstanding at the end of each period, the maximum amount for each component during the periods,
the average amounts for each period, and the average interest rate that we paid for each borrowings source. The maximum month-end
balance represents the high indebtedness for each component of borrowed funds at any time during each of the periods shown.  

59  

Liquidity

Liquidity
represents the ability of a company to convert assets into cash or cash equivalents without significant loss, and the ability
to raise additional funds by increasing liabilities. Liquidity management involves monitoring our sources and uses of funds in
order to meet our day-to-day cash flow requirements while maximizing profits. Liquidity management is made more complicated because
different balance sheet components are subject to varying degrees of management control. For example, the timing of maturities
of our investment portfolio is fairly predictable and subject to a high degree of control at the time investment decisions are
made. However, net deposit inflows and outflows are far less predictable and are not subject to the same degree of control.  

The
Company utilizes borrowing facilities in order to maintain adequate liquidity including: the FHLB of Atlanta, the Federal Reserve
Bank ( FRB ), and federal funds purchased. The Company also uses wholesale deposit products, including brokered deposits
as well as national certificate of deposit services. Additionally, the Company has certain investment securities classified as
available-for-sale that are carried at market value with changes in market value, net of tax, recorded through stockholders 
equity.  

Lines
of credit with the FHLB of Atlanta are based upon FHLB-approved percentages of Bank assets, but must be supported by appropriate
collateral to be available. The Company has pledged first lien residential mortgage, second lien residential mortgage, residential
home equity line of credit, commercial mortgage and multifamily mortgage portfolios under blanket lien agreements. At September
30, 2016, the Company had FHLB advances of $140.5 million outstanding with excess collateral pledged to the FHLB during those
periods that would support additional borrowings of approximately $184.8 million.  

60  

Lines
of credit with the FRB are based on collateral pledged. At September 30, 2016, the Company had lines available with the FRB for
$129.5 million. At September 30, 2016, the Company had no FRB advances outstanding.  

Capital
Resources   

The
Company and the Bank are subject to various federal and state regulatory requirements, including regulatory capital requirements.
Failure to meet minimum capital requirements can initiate certain mandatory and possible additional discretionary actions that
if undertaken could have a direct material effect on the Company s and the Bank s financial statements.  

In
2013, federal bank regulatory agencies issued a final rule that revises their risk-based capital requirements and the method for
calculating risk-weighted assets to make them consistent with agreements that were reached by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision
( Basel III ) and certain provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act.  

The
rule imposes higher risk-based capital and leverage requirements than those in place at the time the rule was issued. Specifically,
the rule imposes the following minimum capital requirements:  

A
new Common Equity Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 4.5%,  

A
Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 6% (increased from the previous 4% requirement),  

A
total risk-based capital ratio of 8% (unchanged from previous requirement),  

A
leverage ratio of 4% and  

A
new supplementary leverage ratio of 3% applicable to advanced approaches banking organizations resulting in a leverage ratio requirement
of 7% for such institutions.  

The
rule also includes changes in what constitutes regulatory capital, some of which are subject to a transition period. These changes
include the phasing-out of certain instruments as qualifying capital. In addition, Tier 2 capital is no longer limited to the
amount of Tier 1 capital included in total capital. Mortgage servicing rights, certain deferred tax assets and investments in
unconsolidated subsidiaries over designated percentages of common stock are required to be deducted from capital, subject to a
transition period. Finally, Common Equity Tier 1 capital includes accumulated other comprehensive income (which includes all unrealized
gains and losses on available for sale debt and equity securities), subject to a transition period and a one-time opt-out election.
The Bank elected to opt-out of this provision. As such, accumulated comprehensive income is not included in the Bank s Tier
1 capital.  

The
rule also includes changes in the risk-weights of assets to better reflect credit risk and other risk exposures. These include
a 150% risk weight (up from 100%) for certain high volatility commercial real estate acquisition, development and construction
loans and non-residential mortgage loans that are 90 days past due or otherwise on nonaccrual status, a 20% (up from 0%) credit
conversion factor for the unused portion of a commitment with an original maturity of one year or less that is not unconditionally
cancellable, a 250% risk weight (up from 100%) for mortgage servicing rights and deferred tax assets that are not deducted from
capital and increased risk-weights (from 0% to up to 600%) for equity exposures.  

Finally,
the rule limits capital distributions and certain discretionary bonus payments if the banking organization does not hold a  capital
conservation buffer  consisting of 2.5% of Common Equity Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets in addition to the amount
necessary to meet its minimum risk-based capital requirements.  

The
final rule became effective on January 1, 2015, and the requirements in the rule will be fully phased-in by January 1, 2019. While
the ultimate impact of the fully phased-in capital standards on the Company and the Bank is being reviewed, we currently do not
believe Basel III will have a material impact once fully implemented.  

A
new capital conservation buffer that was previously established phased in beginning January 1, 2016 at 0.625 percent of risk-weighted
assets and will increase each subsequent year by an additional 0.625 percent until reaching its final level of 2.50 percent on
January 1, 2019. The Bank had a capital conservation buffer above minimum risk-based capital requirements of at September 30,
2016.  

61  

The
actual capital amounts and ratios as well as minimum amounts for each regulatory defined category for the Company and the Bank
at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 are as follows:  

Off
Balance Sheet Arrangements    

Through
the operations of our Bank, we have made contractual commitments to extend credit in the ordinary course of our business activities.
These commitments are legally binding agreements to lend money to our customers at predetermined interest rates for a specified
period of time. We evaluate each customer s credit worthiness on a case-by-case basis. The amount of collateral obtained,
if deemed necessary by us upon extension of credit, is based on our credit evaluation of the borrower. Collateral varies but may
include accounts receivable, inventory, property, plant and equipment, commercial and residential real estate. We manage the credit
risk on these commitments by subjecting them to normal underwriting and risk management processes.  

At September 30, 2016, we had
issued commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit of approximately $106.3 million through various types of lending
arrangements. There were 23 standby letters of credit included in the commitments for $1.5 million. Total fixed rate commitments
were $15.3 million and variable rate commitments were $91.0 million.  

Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other
termination clauses and may require the payment of a fee. A significant portion of the unfunded commitments relate to consumer
equity lines of credit and commercial lines of credit. Based on historical experience, we anticipate that a portion of these lines
of credit will not be funded.  

62  

Except
as disclosed in this report, we are not involved in off-balance sheet contractual relationships, unconsolidated related entities
that have off-balance sheet arrangements or transactions that could result in liquidity needs or other commitments that significantly
impact earnings.  

Market
Risk Management and Interest Rate Risk   

The
effective management of market risk is essential to achieving the Company s objectives. As a financial institution, the
Company s most significant market risk exposure is interest rate risk. The primary objective of managing interest rate risk
is to minimize the effect that changes in interest rates have on net income. This is accomplished through active asset and liability
management, which requires the strategic pricing of asset and liability accounts and management of appropriate maturity mixes
of assets and liabilities. The expected result of these strategies is the development of appropriate maturity and re-pricing opportunities
in those accounts to produce consistent net income during periods of changing interest rates. The Bank s asset/liability
management committee, or ALCO, monitors loan, investment and liability portfolios to ensure comprehensive management of interest
rate risk. These portfolios are analyzed for proper fixed-rate and variable-rate mixes under various interest rate scenarios.
The asset/liability management process is designed to achieve relatively stable net interest margins and assure liquidity by coordinating
the volumes, maturities or re-pricing opportunities of interest-earning assets, deposits and borrowed funds. It is the responsibility
of the ALCO to determine and achieve the most appropriate volume and mix of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities,
as well as ensure an adequate level of liquidity and capital, within the context of corporate performance goals. The ALCO meets
regularly to review the Company s interest rate risk and liquidity positions in relation to present and prospective market
and business conditions, and adopts funding and balance sheet management strategies that are intended to ensure that the potential
impact on earnings and liquidity as a result of fluctuations in interest rates is within acceptable standards. The Board of Directors
also sets policy guidelines and establishes long-term strategies with respect to interest rate risk exposure and liquidity.  

The
Company uses interest rate sensitivity analysis to measure the sensitivity of projected net interest income to changes in interest
rates. Management monitors the Company s interest sensitivity by means of a computer model that incorporates current volumes,
average rates earned and paid, and scheduled maturities, payments of asset and liability portfolios, together with multiple scenarios
of prepayments, repricing opportunities and anticipated volume growth. Interest rate sensitivity analysis shows the effect that
the indicated changes in interest rates would have on net interest income as projected for the next 12 months under the current
interest rate environment. The resulting change in net interest income reflects the level of sensitivity that net interest income
has in relation to changing interest rates.  

As
of September 30, 2016, the following table summarizes the forecasted impact on net interest income using a base case scenario
given upward movements in interest rates of 100, 200, and 300 basis points based on forecasted assumptions of prepayment speeds,
nominal interest rates and loan and deposit repricing rates. Estimates are based on current economic conditions, historical interest
rate cycles and other factors deemed to be relevant. However, underlying assumptions may be impacted in future periods which were
not known to management at the time of the issuance of the Consolidated Financial Statements. Therefore, management s assumptions
may or may not prove valid. No assurance can be given that changing economic conditions and other relevant factors impacting our
net interest income will not cause actual occurrences to differ from underlying assumptions. In addition, this analysis does not
consider any strategic changes to our balance sheet which management may consider as a result of changes in market condition  

The
primary uses of derivative instruments are related to the mortgage banking activities of the Company. As such, the Company holds
derivative instruments, which consist of rate lock agreements related to expected funding of fixed-rate mortgage loans to customers
(interest rate lock commitments) and forward commitments to sell mortgage-backed securities and individual fixed-rate mortgage
loans. The Company s objective in obtaining the forward commitments is to mitigate the interest rate risk associated with
the interest rate lock commitments and the mortgage loans that are held for sale. Derivatives related to these commitments are
recorded as either a derivative asset or a derivative liability in the balance sheet and are measured at fair value. Both the
interest rate lock commitments and the forward commitments are reported at fair value, with adjustments recorded in current period
earnings within the noninterest income of the consolidated statements of operations.  

63  

Derivative
instruments not related to mortgage banking activities, including financial futures commitments and interest rate swap agreements
that do not satisfy the hedge accounting requirements, are recorded at fair value and are classified with resultant changes in
fair value being recognized in noninterest income in the consolidated statement of operations.  

When
using derivatives to hedge fair value and cash flow risks, the Company exposes itself to potential credit risk from the counterparty
to the hedging instrument. This credit risk is normally a small percentage of the notional amount and fluctuates as interest rates
change. The Company analyzes and approves credit risk for all potential derivative counterparties prior to execution of any derivative
transaction. The Company seeks to minimize credit risk by dealing with highly rated counterparties and by obtaining collateralization
for exposures above certain predetermined limits. If significant counterparty risk is determined, the Company would adjust the
fair value of the derivative recorded asset balance to consider such risk.  

Accounting,
Reporting, and Regulatory Matters   

Information
regarding recent authoritative pronouncements that could impact the accounting, reporting, and/or disclosure of the financial
information by the Company are included in Note 1 under Part I, Item 1  Financial Statements .  

Effect
of Inflation and Changing Prices   

The
effect of relative purchasing power over time due to inflation has not been taken into account in our consolidated financial statements.
Rather, our financial statements have been prepared on an historical cost basis in accordance with GAAP.  

Unlike
most industrial companies, our assets and liabilities are primarily monetary in nature. Therefore, the effect of changes in interest
rates will have a more significant impact on our performance than the effect of changing prices and inflation in general. In addition,
interest rates may generally increase as the rate of inflation increases, although not necessarily in the same magnitude. As discussed
previously, we seek to manage the relationships between interest sensitive assets and liabilities in order to protect against
wide rate fluctuations, including those resulting from inflation.  

Item
3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK   .   

See
Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   Market Risk Management
and Interest Rate Risk, and Liquidity.  

Item
4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES.    

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures   

Management,
including our President and Chief Executive Officer and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the
effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) as of the end
of the period covered by this report. Based upon that evaluation, our President and Chief Executive Officer and Executive Vice
President and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information
required to be disclosed in the reports we file and submit under the Exchange Act is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported
as and when required and (ii) accumulated and communicated to our management, including our President and Chief Executive Officer
and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.  

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting    

There
has been no change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the three months ended September 30,
2016, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial
reporting.  

PART
II. OTHER INFORMATION    

Item 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.    

We
are a party to claims and lawsuits arising in the ordinary course of business. Management is not aware of any material pending
legal proceedings against the Company which, if determined adversely, would have a material adverse impact on the Company s
financial position, results of operations or cash flows.  

Item
1A RISK FACTORS.    

Investing
in shares of our common stock involves certain risks, including those identified and described in Item 1A of our Annual Report
on Form 10-K for fiscal years ended December 31, 2015, as well as cautionary statements contained in this Form 10-Q, including
those under the caption  Cautionary Note Regarding Any Forward-Looking Statements  set forth in Part I, Item 2 of
this Form 10-Q, risks and matters described elsewhere in this Form 10-Q and in our other filings with the SEC.  

Item
2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS.    

Not
applicable  

64  

Item
3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES.    

Not
applicable  

Item
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES.    

Not
applicable  

Item
5. OTHER INFORMATION.    

Not
applicable  

Item
6. EXHIBITS.    

The
exhibits required to be filed as part of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are listed in the Index to Exhibits attached hereto
and are incorporated herein by reference.  

65  

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.  

CAROLINA
    FINANCIAL CORPORATION    

Registrant   

Date:
    November 9, 2016  
       
      /s/
    Jerold     L. Rexroad   

Jerold
    L. Rexroad   

President
    and Chief Executive Officer   

(Principal
    Executive Officer)   

Date:
    November 9, 2016  
       
      /s/
    William     A. Gehman, III   

William
    A. Gehman III   

Executive
    Vice President and Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal
    Financial and Accounting Officer)   

66  

INDEX
TO EXHIBITS  

Exhibit
       
    Number  
         
      Description   
 
      31.1  
         
      Rule
    13a-14(a) Certification of the Principal Executive Officer.   

31.2  
         
      Rule
    13a-14(a) Certification of the Principal Financial Officer.    

32  
         
      Section
    1350 Certifications.    

101  
         
      The
    following materials from the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Carolina Financial Corporation for the quarter ended September
    30, 2016, formatted in eXtensible Business Reporting Language (XBRL): (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) Consolidated Statements
    of Operations, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iv) Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders 
    Equity, (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and (vi) Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements.   

67  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 e00584_ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1   

Rule
13a-14(a) Certification of the Principal Executive Officer.  

I,
Jerold L. Rexroad, certify that:  

1.    I
                                         have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Carolina Financial Corporation;  

2.    Based
                                         on my knowledge, this quarterly report does not contain any untrue statement of a material
                                         fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light
                                         of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
                                         to the period covered by this report;  

3.    Based
                                         on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in
                                         this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results
                                         of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
                                         in this report;  

4.    The
                                         registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and
                                         maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
                                         and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
                                         Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

a)    Designed
                                         such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
                                         to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to
                                         the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
                                         within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

b)    Designed
                                         such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over
                                         financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
                                         regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
                                         for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

c)    Evaluated
                                         the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
                                         in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
                                         procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
                                         and  

d)    Disclosed
                                         in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
                                         that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
                                         fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
                                         or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control
                                         over financial reporting; and  

5.    The
                                         registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most
                                         recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
                                         auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
                                         performing the equivalent functions):  

a)    All
                                         significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal
                                         controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
                                         registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
                                         and  

b)    Any
                                         fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have
                                         a significant role in the registrants  internal control over financial reporting.  

Date:
    November 9, 2016  
      By:    
      /s/
    Jerold L. Rexroad  

Jerold
    L. Rexroad   

President
    and Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal
    Executive Officer)  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 e00584_ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2   

Rule
13a-14(a) Certification of the Principal Financial Officer.  

I,
William A. Gehman, III, certify that:  

1.    I
have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Carolina Financial Corporation;  

2.    Based
on my knowledge, this quarterly report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this report;  

3.    Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report;  

4.    The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

a)    Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

b)    Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

c)    Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and  

d)    Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  

5.    The
registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions):  

a)    All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and  

b)    Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrants 
internal control over financial reporting.  

Date:  November
    9, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/
    William A. Gehman III  

William
    A. Gehman III   

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal
    Financial Officer)  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 e00584_ex32.htm

Exhibit
32   

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   

   AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   

   SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   

The
undersigned, the President and Chief Executive Officer and the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, of Carolina
Financial Corporation (the  Company ), each certify that, to his knowledge on the date of this certification:  

1.    The
quarterly report of the Company for the period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on
this date (the  Report ) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934; and  

2.    The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company.  

/s/
    Jerold L. Rexroad  

Jerold
    L. Rexroad  

President
    and Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal
    Executive Officer)   

Date:  November
    9, 2016   

/ s/
    William A. Gehman III  

William
    A. Gehman III  

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal
    Financial Officer)   

Date:
    November 9, 2016  

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 caro-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 caro-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 caro-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 caro-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 caro-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 caro-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

