<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161221_10-K_edgar_data_1158420_0001144204-16-140689_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6737097</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>271064</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>983860</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1551249</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2613652</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1164746</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>145</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-140689.hdr.sgml : 20161221
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161221163134
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-140689
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		97
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161221
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161221

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CHINA HGS REAL ESTATE INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001158420
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE [6500]
		IRS NUMBER:				330961490
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			F4
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34864
		FILM NUMBER:		162064251

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6 XINGHAN ROAD, 19TH FLOOR, HANZHONG
		CITY:			SHAANXI
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			723000
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8609162622612

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6 XINGHAN ROAD, 19TH FLOOR, HANZHONG
		CITY:			SHAANXI
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			723000

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CHINA AGRO SCIENCES CORP.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060504

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	M GAB DEVELOPMENT CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20010830

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-140689.txt : 20161221

10-K
 1
 v454658_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-K 

For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 

For the transition period from ___________
to ___________ 

Commission File No. 001-34864 

CHINA HGS REAL ESTATE INC. 

 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its
Charter) 

6 Xinghan Road, 19th Floor, Hanzhong City 

 Shaanxi Province, PRC 723000 

 (Address of principal executive offices) (zip
code) 

(86)091-62622612 

 (Registrant's telephone number, including area
code) 

Securities registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: 

Title of each class registered: 
     Name of each exchange on which registered:  
 
     Common Stock, par value $0.001 
     The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC  

Securities registered under Section 12(g) of
the Exchange Act: 

 None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is
a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes    
    No   x  

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is
not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes    
     No  x  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes   x  No    

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-K (ss.229.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    x 
Yes     No 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent
filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (  229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained,
to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference Part III of
this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.      

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 
      x   
 
      (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes     No   x  

The aggregate market value of the voting and
non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based upon the closing price of the registrant s common
stock on March 31, 2016, the last business day of the Company's second fiscal quarter, as reported by the NASDAQ Stock Market LLC
on that date, was approximately $23,842,132. This calculation does not reflect a determination that certain persons are affiliates
of the registrant for any other purpose. 

As of December 12, 2016, the number of shares
outstanding of the registrant s common stock was 45,050,000. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE  

None. 

CHINA HGS REAL ESTATE INC.  

FORM 10-K  

For the Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2016  

INDEX 

Page  

PART I   

Item 1. 
       
      Business  
     2  
 
     Item 1A. 
       
      Risk Factors  
     13  
 
     Item 1B. 
       
      Unresolved Staff Comments  
     23  
 
     Item 2. 
       
      Properties  
     23  
 
     Item 3. 
       
      Legal Proceedings  
     23  
 
     Item 4. 
       
      Mine and Safety Disclosure  
     24  

PART II   

Item 5. 
       
      Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities  
     24  
 
     Item 6. 
       
      Selected Financial Data  
     25  
 
     Item 7. 
       
      Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
     26  
 
     Item 7A. 
       
      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
     40  
 
     Item 8. 
       
      Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  
     41  
 
     Item 9. 
       
      Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure  
     74  
 
     Item 9A. 
       
      Controls and Procedures  
     74  
 
     Item 9B. 
       
      Other Information  
     76  

PART III   

Item 10. 
       
      Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance  
     76  
 
     Item 11. 
       
      Executive Compensation  
     79  
 
     Item 12. 
       
      Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters  
     83  
 
     Item 13. 
       
      Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence  
     84  
 
     Item 14. 
       
      Principal Accountant Fees and Services  
     86  

PART IV   

Item 15. 
       
      Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules  
     87  

SIGNATURES  
     89  

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS  

This annual report on Form 10-K (the  Report )
and other reports (collectively the  Filings ) filed by the registrant from time to time with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the  SEC ) contain or may contain forward looking statements and information that are based upon beliefs
of, and information currently available to, the registrant s management as well as estimates and assumptions made by the
registrant s management. When used in the filings the words  anticipate,   believe,   estimate, 
 expect,   future,   intend,   plan  or the negative of these terms and similar
expressions as they relate to the registrant or the registrant s management identify forward looking statements. Such statements
reflect the current view of the registrant with respect to future events and are subject to risks, uncertainties, assumptions and
other factors (including the risks contained in the section of this Report entitled  Risk Factors ) relating to the
registrant s industry, the registrant s operations and results of operations and any businesses that may be acquired
by the registrant. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should the underlying assumptions prove incorrect,
actual results may differ significantly from those anticipated, believed, estimated, expected, intended or planned. 

Although the registrant believes that the expectations
reflected in the forward looking statements are reasonable, the registrant cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity,
performance or achievements. Except as required by applicable law, including the securities laws of the United States, the registrant
does not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements to conform these statements to actual results. The following discussion
should be read in conjunction with the registrant s financial statements and the related notes thereto included in this Report. 

In this Report,  we,   our, 
 us,   China HGS Real Estate Inc. or the  Company  sometimes refers collectively to China HGS and
its subsidiaries and affiliated companies. 

PART I  

    ITEM 1. BUSINESS  

Our Organization  

China HGS Real Estate Inc. (the  Company 
or  China HGS,   we ,  our ,  us ), formerly known as China Agro Sciences Corp.,  is
a corporation organized under the laws of the State of Florida. 

HGS Investment is a Delaware corporation and
owns 100% of the equity interest in Shaanxi HGS Management and Consulting Co., Ltd. ( Shaanxi HGS ), a wholly owned
foreign entity incorporated under the laws of the People s Republic of China ( PRC  or  China ). 

China HGS does not conduct any substantive
operations of its own. Instead, through its subsidiary, Shaanxi HGS, it entered into certain exclusive contractual agreements with
Shaanxi Guangsha Investment and Development Group Co., Ltd. ( Guangsha ). Pursuant to these agreements, Shaanxi HGS
is obligated to absorb a majority of the risk of loss from Guangsha s activities and entitles Shaanxi HGS to receive a majority
of Guangsha s expected residual returns. In addition, Guangsha s shareholders have pledged their equity interest in
Guangsha to Shaanxi HGS, irrevocably granted Shaanxi HGS an exclusive option to purchase, to the extent permitted under PRC Law,
all or part of the equity interests in Guangsha and agreed to entrust all the rights to exercise their voting power to the person(s)
appointed by Shaanxi HGS.   

Based on these contractual arrangements, we
believe that Guangsha should be considered a  Variable Interest Entity  ( VIE ) under ASC 810  Consolidation
of Variable Interest Entities, an Interpretation of ARB No. 51 , because the equity investors in Guangsha no longer have
the characteristics of a controlling financial interest, and the Company, through Shaanxi HGS, is the primary beneficiary of Guangsha
and its operations. 

Our Company, along with our subsidiaries and
VIE, engages in real estate development, primarily in the construction and sale of residential apartments, car parks and commercial
properties. 

Guangsha was organized in August 1995 as a
limited liability company under the laws of the PRC. Guangsha is headquartered in the city of Hanzhong, Shaanxi Province. Guangsha
is engaged in developing large scale and high quality commercial and residential projects, including multi-layer apartment buildings,
sub-high-rise apartment buildings, high-rise apartment buildings, and office buildings. 

Our corporate structure is set forth below: 

Business Overview  

We conduct substantially all of our business
through our subsidiary and VIE in China. All of our business is conducted in mainland China. Guangsha was founded by Mr. Xiaojun
Zhu, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and commenced operations in 1995 in Hanzhong, a prefecture-level city in Shaanxi
Province. 

Since Guangsha was founded, management has
been focused on expanding our business in Tier 3 and Tier 4 cities and counties in China that we strategically select based on
population and urbanization growth rates, general economic conditions and growth rates, income and purchasing power of resident
consumers, anticipated demand for private residential properties, availability of future land supply and land prices, and governmental
urban planning and development policies. We utilize a standardized and scalable model that emphasizes rapid asset turnover, efficient
capital management and strict cost control. We plan to expand into strategically selected Tier 3 and Tier 4 cities and counties
with real estate development potential in Shaanxi Province, and expect to benefit from rising demand for residential housing as
a result of increasing income levels of consumers and growing populations in these cities and counties due to urbanization. 

In fiscal 2017, we are going to start the construction
of our Liangzhou road and related projects, which consist of residential buildings, office buildings and commercial plaza, which
will become a new city center of Hanzhong city. 

Real Estate Industry Overview  

During the first nine months of 2016, the economy
of the PRC is facing the challenge of consolidation amidst uncertainties in the global market. In response to the sluggish economic
outlook, the Central Government has taken measures to release more liquidity into the market and has made positive adjustments
to the policies so as to maintain a stable development of the property market. Furthermore, with the continuation of implementation
of the urbanization policy by the Central Government and the continual growth in gross domestic product, it is expected that the
real estate industry in the PRC will be heading into a healthy direction. 

During the volatile real estate market, the
Company has been capitalizing on its inherent strengths and market opportunities in Tier 3 and Tier 4 cities and counties to deliver
value for our shareholders. We feel confident and also competent to take on every challenge and grasp every opportunity during
market consolidation. We expect to provide rapid response to the market on the basis of our projected business plans together with
a flexible approach in seizing market opportunities; strict investment standard and prudent attitude towards investment opportunities,
and appropriate replenishment of quality land resources in existing regions to realize value within the Tier 3 and Tier 4 cities
and counties in Western China. 

Company Positioning  
             
         The Company is headquartered in Hanzhong in
        the southwestern part of the Shaanxi province, in the center of the Hanzhong Basin, on the Han River, near the Sichuan border.
        According to the China City Statistical Yearbook, Hanzhong had a population of about 3.86 million.  

Hanzhong is a key transportation hub connecting
China s Middle Economic zone and Western Economic Zone. The travel time from Xi an, the provincial capital of Shaanxi
province, to Hanzhong takes only about 3 hours. The new airport in Hanzhong was completed and put into service in 2014. The airport
is expected to handle 300,000 passengers and 1,300 tons of cargo by 2020. Xicheng, a high-speed railway between Chengdu, the provincial
capital of Sichuan province, and Xi an with a major stop in Hanzhong is under-construction and expected to be completed
by the end of 2017. After its completion, it will take 1 hour from Hanzhong to both Xi an and Chengdu. The railway passenger s
volume is expected to increase from 1.5 million to 6 million by 2020. 

In accordance with Hanzhong Government s
2015 annual report, Hanzhong s GDP reached RMB 106.5 billion (approximately $16.0 billion) by 2015, representing a 7.4% increase
from 2014. Residents  annual disposable income for 2015 was RMB 23,625 (equivalent to $3,542) in 2015, consistent from 2014. 

Many Tier 3 and Tier 4 cities and counties
in China provide a major source of migration workers for the Tier 1 and Tier 2 cities in China. The income from migration workers
also is becoming a significant factor in supporting the hometown economy. Based on Hanzhong Government s 2015 annual report,
the number of Hanzhong s migration workers reached approximately 840,000 as of December 31, 2015 (2014 - 906,600). Total
income of migration workers was about RMB 16.8 billion (equivalent to $2.5 billion) in 2015 (2014 - RMB 17.65 billion or $2.8 billion). 

The target market of the Company is in Western
China. The Company continues to focus on Tier 3 and Tier 4 cities and counties in acquiring sizable quality land reserves at low
cost in a flexible and diversified manner. There has been an increasing demand for high quality residential housing, largely driven
by the  Go West  policy and accelerated urbanization. Many buyers in Tier 3 and Tier 4 cities and counties are first
time home buyers. In order to mitigate default risk, the Company generally requires from its homebuyer customers a deposit in the
range of 30%-50% of the purchase price, which is higher than the percentage required by the government for the mortgage down payment. 

The Company received the National Grade-I real-estate
development qualification granted by the Ministry of Housing and Urban-Rural Development of the People's Republic of China ( MOHURD ) on
October 12, 2011. The Grade-I real-estate development qualification is the highest qualification for real-estate developers in
China and requires meeting several strict criteria, including: 

a. Registered capital of at least RMB 50 million
(approximately $7.9 million); 

 b. At least five years of experience in real
estate development and operation; 

 c. The completion of construction of a total
over 300,000 square meters. of ground floor area (GFA) within the last three years and, in the most recent year, developed real
estate projects of at least 150,000 square meters; and 

 d. The completed real estate projects have
no quality issues in each of the past five years; and an established, comprehensive quality control and guarantee system. 

The National Grade-I real-estate development
qualification provides significant opportunities for the Company to expand its operations beyond Shaanxi province into new regional
real estate markets in China. 

Looking ahead, the Company will continue to
focus on developing high quality and large scale real estate projects in the suburban areas of Tier 3 and Tier 4 cities and counties
with promising economic growth potential. Leveraging on its unique competitive strengths, and under the direction and guidance
of the government s macro policies, the Company expects to further replicate its successful business model into new high
growth regions through strategic selection of project locations, a short project development schedule characterized by fast asset
turnover and excellent execution ability, as well as innovative product offering closely in line with market demand. The Company
aims at becoming a leading large-scale residential property developer in Western China and a well-recognized brand name. 

Pre-Sales and Sales  

In the PRC, real estate developers are allowed
to begin to market properties before construction is completed. Like other developers, we pre-sell properties prior to completion
of construction. Under PRC pre-sales regulations, property developers must satisfy specific conditions before properties under
construction can be pre-sold. These mandatory conditions include: 

the land premium must have been paid in full;  

the land use rights certificate, the construction site planning permit, the construction work planning permit and the construction permit must have been obtained;  

at least 25% of the total project development cost must have been incurred;  

the progress and the expected completion and delivery date of the construction must be fixed;  

the pre-sale permit must have been obtained; and  

the completion of certain milestones in the construction processes must be specified by the local government authorities.  

These mandatory conditions are designed to
require a certain level of capital expenditure and substantial progress in project construction before the commencement of pre-sales.
Generally, the local governments also require developers and property purchasers to have standard pre-sale contracts prepared under
the auspices of the government. Developers are required to file all pre-sale contracts with local land bureaus and real estate
administrations after entering into such contracts. 

After-Sale Services and Delivery  

We assist customers in arranging for and providing
information related to financing. We also assist our customers in various title registration procedures related to their properties,
and we have set up an ownership certificate team to assist purchasers to obtain their property ownership certificates. We offer
various communication channels to customers to facilitate customer feedback collection. We also cooperate with property management
companies that manage our properties and ancillary facilities, to handle customer feedback. 

We endeavor to deliver the units to our customers
on a timely basis. We closely monitor the progress of construction of our property projects and conduct pre-delivery property inspections
to ensure timely delivery. The time frame for delivery is set out in the sale and purchase agreements entered into with our customers,
and we are subject to penalty payments to the purchasers for any delay in delivery caused by us. The Company has never incurred
any delay penalties. Once a property development has been completed, has passed the requisite government inspections and is ready
for delivery, we will notify our customers and hand over keys and possession of the properties. 

Marketing and Distribution Channel  

We maintain a marketing and sales force for
our development projects, which at September 30, 2016 consisted of 69 employees specializing in marketing and sales. We also train
and use outside real estate agents to market and increase the public awareness of our projects, and spread the acceptance and influence
of our brand. However, our marketing and sales are primarily conducted by our own sales force because we believe our own dedicated
sales representatives are better motivated to serve our customers as well as to control our property pricing and selling expenses. 

Our marketing and sales team develops the appropriate
advertising and selling plan for each project. We develop public awareness through marketing and advertising as well as referrals
from customers. We utilize a customer relationship management system to track customer profiles, which helps us to forecast future
customer requirements and general demand for our projects. This allows us to have real-time information on the status of individual
customer transactions as well as available inventory by project, which enables us to better anticipate the preferences of current
and future customers. 

We use various advertising media to market
our developments and enhance our brand name, including newspapers, magazines, television, radio, e-marketing and outdoor billboards.
We also participate in real estate exhibitions. 

We have also developed a strong relationship
with local institutional purchasers and governments. - The Company has entered into various significant residential-apartment bulk-purchase
agreements with local government and institutional purchasers. 

A typical real estate property sales transaction
usually consists of three steps. First, the customer pays a deposit to the Company. Within a week, after paying the deposit, the
customer will sign a purchase contract with us and make a down payment to us in cash. After making the down payment, the customer
arranges for a mortgage loan for the balance of the purchase price. Once the loan is approved, the mortgage loan proceeds are paid
to us directly by the bank. Finally, we deliver the property to the customer. Legal title, as evidenced by a property ownership
certificate issued by local land and construction bureaus, will be delivered to the customer in 12 months from the property delivery
date. 

For customers purchasing properties with mortgage
financing, under current PRC laws, their minimum down payment is 30% of the total purchase price for the purchase of the first
self-use residential unit with total GFA of 90 square meters (about 970 square feet) or more on all existing units and those yet
to be completed, and a down payment of 20% on the first residential units for self-use with total GFA of under 90 square meters.
In order to mitigate the default risk, the Company requires from its homebuyer customers deposits ranging from 30% - 50% of the
purchase price, which is higher than the percentage required by the government for the mortgage down payment.   

Like most real estate companies in China, we
generally provide guarantees to mortgagee banks in respect of the mortgage loans provided to the purchasers of our properties up
until completion of the registration of the mortgage with the relevant mortgage registration authorities. As of September 30, 2016,
the Company had security deposits for these guarantees amounted to approximately $1.5 million. Guarantees for mortgages on residential
properties are typically discharged when the individual property ownership certificates are issued. In our experience, the issuance
of the individual property ownership certificates typically takes six to twelve months, so our mortgage guarantees typically remain
outstanding for up to twelve months after we deliver the underlying property. 

Our Property Development Operations  

We have a systematic and standardized process
of project development, which we implement through several well-defined phases. One critically significant portion of our process
is the land acquisition process, which is segmented into three stages: (i) opportunity identification, (ii) initial planning and
budgeting, and (iii) land use rights acquisition. The following diagram sets forth the key stages of our property development process. 

Our Projects  

Overview  

We develop the following three types of real
estate projects, which may be developed in one or more phases: 

multi-layer apartment buildings, which are typically six stories or less;  

sub-high-rise apartment buildings, which are typically seven to 11 stories; and  

high-rise apartment buildings, which are typically 12 to 33 stories.  

At any one time, our projects (or phases of
our projects) are in one of the following three stages: 

completed projects, meaning properties for which construction has been completed;  

properties under construction, meaning properties for which construction permits have been obtained but construction has not been completed; and  

properties under planning, meaning properties for which we have entered into land grant contracts and are in the process of obtaining the required permits to begin construction.  

Our main projects located in Hanzhong City
are: Mingzhu Garden -Mingzhu Nanyuan, Mingzhu Beiyuan, Oriental Pearl Garden, Mingzhu Xinju and Liangzhou road related projects. In
Yang County, our project is Yangzhou Pearl Garden and Yangzhou Palace. Most projects are being developed in multiple phases. 

Real Estate Projects located in Hanzhong City   

Mingzhu Garden -Mingzhu Nanyuan  
           
         Mingzhu Nanyuan consists of multi-layer
residential buildings and sub-high-rise and high-rise residential buildings with commercial shops on the first floors, all of
which were completed by 2012 with total GFA of 35,220 square meters. The unsold property remained in 4 residential buildings with
total unsold GFA of 1,487 square meters as of September 30, 2016 (2015   1,874 square meters).  

Oriental Pearl Garden   
           
         This project is located in the downtown of
        Hanzhong City and currently under development. The Company started construction in the third quarter of fiscal 2012. It consists
        of 12 high-rise residential buildings with commercial shops on the first and second floors with GFA of approximately 275,014 square
        meters. The project was fully completed as of September 30, 2016. As of September 30, 2016, the unsold GFA was 130,961 square meters.  

Real Estate Projects located in Yang
County   

Yangzhou Pearl Garden  

Yangzhou Pearl Garden mainly consists of multi-layer
residential buildings and sub-high-rise residential buildings with commercial shops on the first floors. As of September 30, 2016,
the remaining unsold GFA of Phase I of Yangzhou Pearl Garden, which includes multi-layer residential buildings, commercial units,
sub-high-rise and high-rise residential buildings was a total GFA of 11,083 square meters (2015   15,490). Yangzhou Pearl
Garden Phase II consists of five high-rise residential buildings and one multi-layer residential building, with a total GFA of
67,653 square meters as of September 30, 2016. The construction was completed in the last quarter of fiscal 2015. As of September
30, 2016, the unsold GFA of Yangzhou Pearl Garden Phase II was 18,100 square meters (2015   20,661). 

Yangzhou Palace  

The Company is currently constructing 9 high-rise
residential buildings and 16 sub-high-rise residential and multi-layer residential buildings with total GFA of 285,244 square meters
in Yangzhou Palace located in Yang County. The construction started in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2013 and is expected to be
completed by the early of 2017. The Company received the pre-sale license on September 1, 2016 and started to promote and sell
the property in November 2016. 

The following table sets forth our real estate
projects in the year ended September 30, 2016: 

(1)         The amounts for  total GFA  in this table are the amounts of total saleable gross floor area and are derived on the following basis: 

for properties that are sold, the stated GFA is based on that sales contracts relating to such property;   

for unsold properties that are completed, the stated GFA is calculated based on the detailed construction blueprint and the calculation method approved by the PRC government for saleable GFA, after necessary adjustments; and   

for properties that are under planning, the stated GFA is based on the land grant contract and our internal projections.   

Suppliers  

Land Bank  

In China, the supply of land is controlled
by the government. Since the early 2000s, the real estate industry in China has been transitioning from an arranged system
controlled by the PRC government to a more market-oriented system. At present, although the Chinese government still owns all urban
land in China, land use rights with terms of up to 70 years can be granted to, and owned or leased by, private individuals and
companies. 

Land - under planning and development   

In May 2011, the Company entered into a development
agreement with the local government. Pursuant to the agreement, the Company will prepay the development cost of $18,830,229 (RMB
119,700,000) and the Company has the right to acquire the land use rights through public bidding. The prepaid development cost
will be deducted from the final purchase price of the land use rights. As of September 30, 2016, a deposit of $2,998,411 (RMB 20,000,000)
was paid by the Company. The local government is still in a slow process of re-zoning the property. The Company expects to make
payment of the remaining development cost based on the government s current work progress. 

In August 2011, the Company entered into a
land transfer agreement with Hanzhong Shijin Real Estate Development Limited ( Shijin ). Pursuant to the agreement,
Shijin agreed to transfer certain land use rights to the Company for the total price of $6,821,385 (RMB 45,500,000). As of September
30, 2016, the Company has made full payments of $6,821,385 and received the land use right certificate. The related security deposit
balance was reclassified to real estate properties under development   Shijin Project. 

On November 18, 2011, the Company won two bids
for land use rights by auction to obtain two parcels of land in Yang County for a total consideration and a bidding commission
of $11,949,057 (RMB 79,702,600). As of September 30, 2016, the Company had made full payment and received the land use right certificate.
The related security deposit balance was reclassified to real estate properties under development   Yangzhou Palace project. 

All land transactions are required to be reported
to and authorized by the local Bureau of Land and Natural Resources. With respect to real estate project design and construction
services, the Company typically selects the lowest-cost provider based on quality selected through an open bidding process. Such
service providers are numerous in China and the Company foresees no difficulties in securing alternative sources of services as
needed. 

Other Suppliers   

The Company uses various suppliers in the construction
of its projects. For the year ended September 30, 2016, two suppliers accounted for 22% and 17% of the total project expenditure,
respectively. For the year ended September 30, 2015, three suppliers accounted for 23%, 21% and 17% of the total project expenditure,
respectively.     

Competition  

The real estate industry in China is highly
competitive. In the Tier 3 and Tier 4 cities and counties that we focus on, the markets are relatively more fragmented than in
the Tier 1 or Tier 2 cities. We compete primarily with regional property developers and an increasing number of large national
property developers who have also started to enter these markets. Competitive factors include the geographical location of the
projects, the types of products offered, brand recognition, price, designing and quality. In the regional markets in which we operate,
our major competitors include three regional real estate developers: Wanbang Real Estate Development Co. Ltd., ( Wanbang ),
Jingtai Real Estate Development Co. Ltd.,( Jingtai ) and Shaanxi Fenghui Real Estate Development Co. Ltd.,( Fenghui )
as well other national real estate developers including Evergrande Real Estate Group ( Evergrande ) who have also started
their projects in these local markets. 

Nationally, there are numerous companies that
have real estate projects across China. There are over 55 housing and land development companies listed on the Shanghai and Shenzhen
Stock Exchanges. However, such companies usually undertake large scale projects and are unlikely to compete with the Company for
business as the Company targets small to medium sized projects in Tier 3 and Tier 4 cities and counties. 

In the regional market, the Company s
only direct competitor with meaningful market share in the market is Wanbang. This company generally undertakes medium and small
scale projects and focuses on development of commercial real estate properties, such as hotels and shopping centers. During the
past two years, Wanbang has developed about 300,000 square meters residential property in the North West of Hanzhong city. 

Competitive Strength:  

We believe the following strengths allow us
to compete effectively: 

Well Positioned to Capture Opportunities
in Tier 3 and Tier 4 Cities and Counties.  

With the increase in consumer disposable income
and urbanization rates, a growing middle-income consumer market has emerged driving demand for affordable and high quality housing
in many cities across northwest China. We focus on building large communities of modern, mid-sized residential properties for this
market segment and have accumulated substantial knowledge and experience about the residential preferences and demands of mid-income
customers. We believe we can leverage our experience to capture the growth opportunities in the markets. 

Standardized and Scalable Business Model.   

Our business model focuses on a standardized
property development process designed for rapid asset turnover. We break up the overall process into well-defined stages and closely
monitor costs and development schedules through each stage. These stages include (i) identifying land, (ii) pre-planning and budgeting,
(iii) land acquisition, (iv) detailed project design, (v) construction management, (vi) pre-sales, sales and (vii) after-sale service.
We commence pre-planning and budgeting prior to the land acquisition, which enables us to acquire land at costs that meet our pre-set
investment targeted returns and to quickly begin the development process upon acquisition. Our enterprise resource planning enables
us to collect and analyze information on a real-time basis throughout the entire property development process. We utilize our customer
relationship management system to track customer profiles and sales to forecast future individual preferences and market demand. 

Experienced Management Team Supported by
Trained and Motivated Workforce.   

Our CEO and founder, Mr. Xiaojun Zhu has over
20 years of experience in the real estate industry and has gained considerable strategic planning and business management expertise
in the past decade. Our management and workforce are well-trained and motivated. Employees receive on-going training in their areas
of specialization at our head office in Hanzhong. 

Guangsha is also an  AAA Enterprise in
Shaanxi Construction Industry  as recognized by the Credit Association of Agricultural Bank of China, Shaanxi Branch. 

Strategies  

Our goal is to become the leading residential
property developer focused on China s Tier 3 and Tier 4 cities and counties by implementing the following strategies: 

Continue Expanding in Selected Tier 3 and Tier
4 Cities. We believe that Tier 3 and Tier 4 cities and counties present development opportunities that are well suited for
our scalable business model of rapid asset turnover. Furthermore, Tier 3 and Tier 4 cities and counties currently tend to be in
an early stage of market maturity and have fewer large national developers. We believe that the fragmented market and relative
abundance of land supply in Tier 3 and Tier 4 cities, as compared to Tier 1 and Tier 2 cities, offer more opportunities for us
to generate attractive margins. And we also believe that our experience affords us the opportunity to emerge as a leading developer
in these markets. In the near future, we plan to enter into other Tier 3 and Tier 4 cities that have: 

Increasing urbanization rates and population growth; 

High economic growth and increasing individual income;
and 

Sustainable land supply for future developments. 

We plan to continue to closely monitor our
capital and cash positions and carefully manage our cost for land use rights, construction costs and operating expenses. We believe
that we will be able to use our working capital more efficiently by adhering to prudent cost management, which will help to maintain
our profit margins. When selecting a property project for development, we will continue to follow our established internal evaluation
process, including utilizing the analysis and input of our experienced management team and choosing third-party contractors through
a tender process open only to bids which meet our budgeted costs. 

Quality Control  

We emphasize quality control to ensure that
our buildings and residential units meet our standards and provide high quality service. We select only experienced design and
construction companies. We, through our contracts with construction contractors, provide customers with warranties covering the
building structure and certain fittings and facilities of our property developments in accordance with the relevant regulations.
To ensure construction quality, our construction contracts contain quality warranties and penalty provisions for poor work quality.
In the event of delay or poor work quality, the contractor may be required to pay pre-agreed damages under our construction contracts.
Our construction contracts do not allow our contractors to subcontract or transfer their contractual arrangements with us to third
parties. We typically withhold 2% of the agreed construction fees for two to five years after completion of the construction as
security to guarantee quality, which provides us with assurance for our contractors  work quality. 

Our contractors are also subject to our quality
control procedures, including examination of materials and supplies, on-site inspection and production of progress reports. We
require our contractors to comply with relevant PRC laws and regulations, as well as our own standards and specifications. We set
up a profile for each and every unit constructed and monitor the quality of such unit throughout its construction period until
its delivery. We also employ independent surveyors to supervise the construction progress. In addition, the construction of real
estate projects is regularly inspected and supervised by the PRC governmental authorities. 

Environmental Matters  

As a developer of property in the PRC, we are
subject to various environmental laws and regulations set by the PRC national, provincial and municipal governments. These include
regulations on air pollution, noise emissions, as well as water and waste discharge.  As of September 30, 2016, we have
never paid any penalties associated with the breach of any such laws and regulations. Compliance with existing environmental laws
and regulations has not had a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations, and we do not believe
it will have such an impact in the future. 

Our projects are normally required to undergo
an environmental impact assessment by government-appointed third parties, and a report of such assessment needs to be submitted
to the relevant environmental authorities in order to obtain their approval before commencing construction. 

Upon completion of each project, the relevant
environmental authorities inspect the site to ensure the applicable environmental standards have been complied with, and the resulting
report is presented together with other specified documents to the relevant construction administration authorities for their approval
and record. Approval from the environmental authorities on such report is required before we can deliver our completed work to
our customers. As of September 30, 2016, we have not experienced any difficulties in obtaining those approvals for commencement
of construction and delivery of completed projects. 

Employees  

We currently have 142 full-time employees. 

ITEM 1A.  RISK FACTORS  

Risks Relating to Our Business  

Our business is sensitive to China economy
and China real estate policies. A downturn in China economy and restrictive real estate polices could materially and adversely
affect our revenues and results of operations.  

Any slowdown in China s economic development
might lead to tighter credit markets, increased market volatility, sudden drops in business and consumer confidence and dramatic
changes in business and consumer behaviors. As exports slowed, China s reported GDP growth dropped to 6.7% in the first nine
months of 2016 from 8.1% in the first quarter of 2012, prompting the government to loosen economic policy to support growth. The
current package of economic support policies is designed to stabilize the economy against slowing exports. Ongoing government regulatory
measures, including the  Ten National Notices  announced in 2010, the  Eight National Notices  and property
tax approved in January 2011, have brought the PRC property market further down to the bottom in 2012 and the recovery of real
market is shown in the 2014 and in 2015. The monetary easing policies stabilized in the first nine months of 2016; the concentrated
release of various demands contributed to the overall market upside; and the first-tier and second-tier core cities and their surrounding
cities experienced successive outperformances, while overall risk remained in tier 3 and 4 cities despite initial signs of improvement
in sales. In response to their perceived uncertainty in economic conditions, consumers might delay, reduce or cancel purchases
of homes, and our homebuyers may also defer, reduce or cancel purchases of our units and our results of operations may be materially
and adversely affected.    

If we are unable to successfully manage
our expansion into other Tier 3 and Tier 4 cities, we will not be able to execute our business plan.  

Historically, our business and operations have
been concentrated in Hanzhong City and other surrounding counties. If we are unable to successfully develop and sell projects outside
Hanzhong City, our future growth may be limited and we may not generate adequate returns to cover our investments in these Tier
3 and Tier 4 cities. In addition, as we expand our operations to Tier 3 and Tier 4 cities with higher land prices, our costs may
increase, which may lead to a decrease in our profit margin. 

We require substantial capital resources
to fund our land use rights acquisition and property developments, which may not be available.  

Property development is capital intensive.
Our ability to secure sufficient financing for land use rights acquisition and property development depends on a number of factors
that are beyond our control, including market conditions in the capital markets, the PRC economy and the PRC government regulations
that affect the availability and cost of financing for real estate companies. 

We may be unable to acquire desired development
sites at commercially reasonable costs.  

Our revenue depends on the completion and sale
of our projects, which in turn depends on our ability to acquire development sites. Our land use rights costs are a major component
of our cost of real estate sales and increases in such costs could diminish our gross margin. In China, the PRC government controls
the supply of land and regulates land sales and transfers in the secondary market. As a result, the policies of the PRC government,
including those related to land supply and urban planning, affect our ability to acquire, and our costs of acquiring, land use
rights for our projects. In recent years, the PRC government has introduced various measures attempting to moderate investment
in the property market in China. 

Although we believe that these measures are
generally targeted at the luxury property market and speculative purchases of land and properties, the PRC government could introduce
other measures in the future that may adversely affect our ability to obtain land for development. We currently acquire our development
sites primarily by bidding for government land. Under current regulations, land use rights acquired from government authorities
for commercial and residential development purposes must be purchased through a public tender, auction or listing-for-sale. Competition
in these bidding processes has resulted in higher land use rights costs for us. We may also need to acquire land use rights through
acquisition, which could increase our costs. Moreover, the supply of potential development sites in any given city will diminish
over time and we may find it increasingly difficult to identify and acquire attractive development sites at commercially reasonable
costs in the future.  

We provide guarantees for the mortgage loans
of our customers which expose us to risks of default by our customers.  

We pre-sell properties before actual completion
and, in accordance with industry practice, our customers  mortgage banks require us to guarantee our customers  mortgage
loans. Typically, we provide guarantees to PRC banks with respect to loans procured by the purchasers of our properties for the
total mortgage loan amount until the completion of the registration of the mortgage with the relevant mortgage registration authorities,
which generally occurs within six to twelve months after the purchasers take possession of the relevant properties. In line with
what we believe to be industry practice, we rely on the credit evaluation conducted by mortgagee banks and do not conduct our own
independent credit checks on our customers. The mortgagee banks typically require us to maintain, as restricted cash, 5% to 10%
of the mortgage proceeds paid to us as security for our obligations under such guarantees (the security deposit). 

If a purchaser defaults on its payment obligations
during the term of our guarantee, the mortgagee bank may deduct the delinquent mortgage payment from the security deposit. If the
delinquent mortgage payments exceed the security deposit, the banks may require us to pay the excess amount. If multiple purchasers
default on their payment obligations at around the same time, we will be required to make significant payments to the banks to
satisfy our guarantee obligations. If we are unable to resell the properties underlying defaulted mortgages on a timely basis or
at prices higher than the amounts of our guarantees and related expenses, we will suffer financial losses. 

We rely on third-party contractors.  

Substantially all of our project construction
and related work are outsourced to third-party contractors. We are exposed to risks that the performance of our contractors may
not meet our standards or specifications. Negligence or poor work quality by any contractors may result in defects in our buildings
or residential units, which could in turn cause us to suffer financial losses, harm our reputation or expose us to third-party
claims. We work with multiple contractors on different projects and we cannot guarantee that we can effectively monitor their work
at all times. 

Although our construction and other contracts
contain provisions designed to protect us, we may be unable to successfully enforce these rights and, even if we are able to successfully
enforce these rights, the third-party contractor may not have sufficient financial resources to compensate us. Moreover, the contractors
may undertake projects from other property developers, engage in risky undertakings or encounter financial or other difficulties,
such as supply shortages, labor disputes or work accidents, which may cause delays in the completion of our property projects or
increases in our costs. 

We may be unable to complete our property developments
on time or at all. The progress and costs for a development project can be adversely affected by many factors, including, without
limitation: 

delays in obtaining necessary licenses, permits or approvals
from government agencies or authorities; 

shortages of materials, equipment, contractors and skilled
labor; 

disputes with our third-party contractors; 

failure by our third-party contractors to comply with our
designs, specifications or standards; 

difficult geological situations or other geotechnical issues;
and 

onsite labor disputes or work accidents; and natural catastrophes
or adverse weather conditions. 

Any construction delays, or failure to complete
a project according to our planned specifications or budget, may delay our property sales, which could harm our revenues, cash
flows and our reputation. 

Changes of laws and regulations with respect
to pre-sales may adversely affect our cash flow position and performance.  

We depend on cash flows from pre-sale of properties
as an important source of funding for our property projects and servicing our indebtedness. Under current PRC laws and regulations,
property developers must fulfill certain conditions before they can commence pre-sale of the relevant properties and may only use
pre-sale proceeds to finance the construction of specific developments. 

Our results of operations may fluctuate
from period to period.  

Our results of operations tend to fluctuate
from period to period. The number of properties that we can develop or complete during any particular period is limited due to
the substantial capital required for land acquisition and construction, as well as the lengthy development periods required before
positive cash flows may be generated. In addition, several properties that we have developed or that are under development are
large scale and are developed in multiple phases over the course of one to several years. The selling prices of the residential
units in larger scale property developments tend to change over time, which may impact our sales proceeds and, accordingly, our
revenues for any given period. 

We rely on our key management members.  

We depend on the services provided by key management
members. Competition for management talent is intense in the property development sector. In particular, we are highly dependent
on Mr. Xiaojun Zhu, our founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. We do not maintain key employee insurance. In the event
that we lose the services of any key management member, we may be unable to identify and recruit suitable successors in a timely
manner or at all, which will adversely affect our business and operations. Moreover, we need to employ and retain more management
personnel to support our expansion into other Tier 3 and Tier 4 cities and counties. If we cannot attract and retain suitable human
resources, especially at the management level, our business and future growth will be adversely affected. 

Increases in the price of raw materials
may increase our cost of sales and reduce our earnings.  

Our third-party contractors are responsible
for procuring almost all of the raw materials used in our project developments. Our construction contracts typically provide for
fixed or capped payments, but the payments are subject to changes in government-suggested steel prices. The increase in steel prices
could result in an increase in our construction cost. In addition, the increases in the price of raw materials, such as cement,
concrete blocks and bricks, in the long run could be passed on to us by our contractors, which will increase our construction cost.
Any such cost increase could reduce our earnings to the extent we are unable to pass these increased costs to our customers. 

Any unauthorized use of our brand or trademark
may adversely affect our business.  

We own trademarks for         ,
in the form of Chinese characters and our company logo. We rely on the PRC intellectual property and anti-unfair competition laws
and contractual restrictions to protect brand name and trademarks. We believe our brand, trademarks and other intellectual property
rights are important to our success. Any unauthorized use of our brand, trademarks and other intellectual property rights could
harm our competitive advantages and business. Historically, China has not protected intellectual property rights to the same extent
as the United States, and infringement of intellectual property rights continues to pose a serious risk of doing business in China.
Monitoring and preventing unauthorized use is difficult. The measures we take to protect our intellectual property rights may not
be adequate. Furthermore, the application of laws governing intellectual property rights in China and abroad is uncertain and evolving,
and could involve substantial risks to us. If we are unable to adequately protect our brand, trademarks and other intellectual
property rights, our reputation may be harmed and our business may be adversely affected. 

We may fail to obtain, or may experience
material delays in obtaining necessary government approvals for any major property development, which will adversely affect our
business.  

The real estate industry is strictly regulated
by the PRC government. Property developers in China must abide by various laws and regulations, including implementation rules
promulgated by local governments to enforce these laws and regulations. Before commencing, and during the course of, development
of a property project, we need to apply for various licenses, permits, certificates and approvals, including land use rights certificates,
construction site planning permits, construction work planning permits, construction permits, pre-sale permits and completion acceptance
certificates. We need to satisfy various requirements to obtain these certificates and permits. To date, we have not encountered
serious delays or difficulties in the process of applying for these certificates and permits, but we cannot guarantee that we will
not encounter serious delays or difficulties in the future. In the event that we fail to obtain the necessary governmental approvals
for any of our major property projects, or a serious delay occurs in the government s examination and approval progress,
we may not be able to maintain our development schedule and our business and cash flows may be adversely affected. 

We may forfeit land to the PRC government
if we fail to comply with procedural requirements applicable to land grants from the government or the terms of the land use rights
grant contracts.  

According to the relevant PRC regulations,
if we fail to develop a property project according to the terms of the land use rights grant contract, including those relating
to the payment of land premiums, specified use of the land and the time for commencement and completion of the property development,
the PRC government may issue a warning, may impose a penalty or may order us to forfeit the land. Specifically, under current PRC
law, if we fail to commence development within one year after the commencement date stipulated in the land use rights grant contract,
the relevant PRC land bureau may issue a warning notice to us and impose an idle land fee on the land of up to 20% of the land
premium. If we fail to commence development within two years, the land will be subject to forfeiture to the PRC government, unless
the delay in development is caused by government actions or force majeure. Even if the commencement of the land development is
compliant with the land use rights grant contract, if the developed GFA on the land is less than one-third of the total GFA of
the project or the total capital invested is less than one-fourth of the total investment of the project and the suspension of
the development of the land continues for more than one year without government approval, the land will also be treated as idle
land and be subject to penalty or forfeiture. We cannot assure you that circumstances leading to significant delays in our development
schedule or forfeiture of land will not arise in the future. If we forfeit land, we will not only lose the opportunity to develop
the property projects on such land, but may also lose all past investments in such land, including land premiums paid and development
costs incurred. 

Any non-compliant GFA of our uncompleted
and future property developments will be subject to governmental approval and additional payments.  

The local government authorities inspect property
developments after their completion and issue the completion acceptance certificates if the developments are in compliance with
the relevant laws and regulations. If the total constructed GFA of a property development exceeds the GFA originally authorized
in the relevant land grant contracts or construction permit, or if the completed property contains built-up areas that do not conform
with the plan authorized by the construction permit, the property developer may be required to pay additional amounts or take corrective
actions with respect to such non-compliant GFA before a completion acceptance certificate can be issued to the property development. 

Our failure to assist our customers in applying
for property ownership certificates in a timely manner may lead to compensatory liabilities to our customers.  

We are required to meet various requirements
within 90 days after delivery of property, or such other period contracted with our customers, in order for our customers to apply
for their property ownership certificates, including passing various governmental clearances, formalities and procedures. Under
our sales contract, we are liable for any delay in the submission of the required documents as a result of our failure to meet
such requirements, and are required to compensate our customers for delays. In the case of serious delays on one or more property
projects, we may be required to pay significant compensation to our customers and our reputation may be adversely affected. 

We are subject to potential environmental
liability.  

We are subject to a variety of laws and regulations
concerning the protection of health and the environment. The particular environmental laws and regulations that apply to any given
development site vary significantly according to the site s location and environmental condition, the present and former
uses of the site and the nature of the adjoining properties. Environmental laws and conditions may result in delays, may cause
us to incur substantial compliance and other costs and can prohibit or severely restrict project development activity in environmentally-sensitive
regions or areas. Although the environmental investigations conducted by local environmental authorities have not revealed any
environmental liability that we believe would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of
operations to date, it is possible that these investigations did not reveal all environmental liabilities and that there are material
environmental liabilities of which we are unaware. We cannot assure you that future environmental investigations will not reveal
material environmental liability. Also, we cannot assure you that the PRC government will not change the existing laws and regulations
or impose additional or stricter laws or regulations, the compliance with which may cause us to incur significant capital expenditure. 

We have never paid cash dividends and are
not likely to do so in the foreseeable future.  

We have never declared or paid any cash dividends
on our common stock. We currently intend to retain any future earnings for use in the operation and expansion of our business.
We do not expect to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future but will review this policy as circumstances dictate. 

We need to improve our internal financial
reporting controls.  If we are unable to establish appropriate internal financial reporting controls and procedures,
it could cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations, subject us to regulatory scrutiny and sanction, cause investors to
lose confidence in our reported financial information and have a negative effect on the market price for shares of our common stock.  

Effective internal controls are necessary for
us to provide reliable financial reports and effectively prevent fraud. We maintain a system of internal control over financial
reporting, which is defined as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our principal executive officer and principal
financial officer, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by our board of directors, management and other personnel,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 

We cannot assure you that we will not, in the
future, identify areas requiring improvement in our internal control over financial reporting. We cannot assure you that the measures
we will take to remediate any areas in need of improvement will be successful or that we will implement and maintain adequate controls
over our financial processes and reporting in the future as we continue our growth. 

As a public company, we are required to
comply with the reporting obligations of the Exchange Act and Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2013. If we fail to
comply with the reporting obligations of the Exchange Act and Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act or if we fail to maintain
adequate internal controls over financial reporting, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially
adversely affected.  

As a public company, we are required to comply
with the periodic reporting obligations of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), including
preparing annual reports and quarterly reports. Our failure to prepare and disclose this information in a timely manner could subject
us to penalties under U.S. federal securities laws, expose us to lawsuits and restrict our ability to access financing. In addition,
we are required under applicable law and regulations to design and implement internal controls over financial reporting, and evaluate
our existing internal controls with respect to the standards adopted by the U.S. Public Company Accounting Oversight Board. 

The Company assessed its internal control over
financial reporting and still has significant deficiencies as of September 30, 2016. The Company s remediation plan is listed
in Item 9A. However, we cannot assure you that our current remediation plan can resolve all the significant deficiencies and material
weakness in the internal control over financial reporting. As a result, we may be required to implement further remedial measures
and to design enhanced processes and controls to address issues identified through future reviews. This could result in significant
delays and costs to us and require us to divert substantial resources, including management time, from other activities. 

If we do not fully remediate the material weaknesses
identified by management or fail to maintain the adequacy of our internal controls in the future, we may not be able to ensure
that we can conclude on an ongoing basis that we have effective internal controls over financial reporting in accordance with the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Moreover, effective internal controls are necessary for us to produce reliable financial reports and are important
to help prevent fraud. As a result, any failure to satisfy the requirements of Section 404 on a timely basis could result
in the loss of investor confidence in the reliability of our financial statements, which in turn could harm our business and negatively
impact the trading price of our common stock. 

Risk Relating to the Residential Property
Industry in China  

The PRC government may adopt further restrictive
measures to slow the increase in prices of real property and real property development.  

Along with the economic growth in China, investments
in the property sectors have increased significantly in the past few years. In response to concerns over the scale of the increase
in property investments, the PRC government has introduced policies to curtail property development. We believe those regulations,
among others, significantly affect the property industry in China. 

These restrictive regulations and measures
could increase our operating costs in adapting to these regulations and measures, limit our access to capital resources or even
restrict our business operations. We cannot be certain that the PRC government will not issue additional and more stringent regulations
or measures, which could further slowdown property development in China and adversely affect our business and prospects. 

We are heavily dependent on the performance
of the residential property market in China, which is at a relatively early development stage.  

The residential property industry in the PRC
is still in a relatively early stage of development. Although demand for residential property in the PRC has been growing rapidly
in recent years, such growth is often coupled with volatility in market conditions and fluctuation in property prices. It is extremely
difficult to predict how much and when demand will develop, as many social, political, economic, legal and other factors, most
of which are beyond our control, may affect the development of the market. The level of uncertainty is increased by the limited
availability of accurate financial and market information as well as the overall low level of transparency in the PRC, especially
in Tier 3 and 4 cities which have lagged in progress in these aspects when compared to Tier 1 cities. 

The lack of a liquid secondary market for residential
property may discourage investors from acquiring new properties. The limited amount of property mortgage financing available to
PRC individuals may further inhibit demand for residential developments. 

We face intense competition from other real
estate developers.  

The property industry in the PRC is highly
competitive. In the Tier 3 and Tier 4 cities we focus on, local and regional property developers are our major competitors, and
an increasing number of large state-owned and private national property developers have started entering these markets. Many of
our competitors, especially the state-owned and private national property developers, are well capitalized and have greater financial,
marketing and other resources than we have. Some also have larger land banks, greater economies of scale, broader name recognition,
a longer track record and more established relationships in certain markets. In addition, the PRC government s recent measures
designed to reduce land supply further increased competition for land among property developers. 

Competition among property developers may result
in increased costs for the acquisition of land for development, increased costs for raw materials, shortages of skilled contractors,
oversupply of properties, decrease in property prices in certain parts of the PRC, a slowdown in the rate at which new property
developments will be approved and/or reviewed by the relevant government authorities and an increase in administrative costs for
hiring or retaining qualified personnel, any of which may adversely affect our business and financial condition. Furthermore, property
developers that are better capitalized than we are may be more competitive in acquiring land through the auction process. If we
cannot respond to changes in market conditions as promptly and effectively as our competitors, or effectively compete for land
acquisition through the auction systems and acquire other factors of production, our business and financial condition will be adversely
affected. 

In addition, risk of property over-supply is
increasing in parts of China, where property investment, trading and speculation have become overly active. We are exposed to the
risk that in the event of actual or perceived over-supply, property prices may fall drastically, and our revenue and profitability
will be adversely affected. 

We may be deemed a PRC resident enterprise
for PRC tax purposes under the new Enterprise Income Tax Law, which could result in the imposition of a 25% enterprise income tax
payable on our taxable global income.  

On March 16, 2007, the National People s
Congress of the PRC passed the Enterprise Income Tax Law of the PRC (  New Income Tax Law  ), which took
effect on January 1, 2008. On December 6, 2007, the Implementation Rules of Enterprise Income Tax Law of the PRC (  Implementation
Rules  ) were also enacted, and took effect on January 1, 2008. In accordance with the new laws and regulations, a
unified enterprise income tax rate of 25% and unified tax deduction standards will be applied equally to both domestic enterprises
and foreign-invested enterprises. 

Under the New Income Tax Law and the Implementation
Rules, enterprises established under the laws of foreign jurisdictions other than the PRC may nevertheless be considered as PRC-resident
enterprises for tax purposes if these enterprises have their   de facto management body   within the PRC.
Under the Implementation Rules,   de facto management body   is defined as a body that has material and
overall management and control over the manufacturing and business operations, personnel and human resources, finances and treasury,
and acquisition and disposition of properties and other assets of an enterprise. At present, it is unclear what factors will be
used by the PRC tax authorities to determine whether we are a   de facto management body   in China. All
of our management personnel are located in the PRC, and all of our revenues arise from our operations in China. If the PRC tax
authorities determine that we are a PRC resident enterprise, we will be subject to PRC tax on our worldwide income at the 25% uniform
tax rate, which may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Notwithstanding the foregoing
provision, the New Income Tax Law also provides that, if a PRC resident enterprise already invests in another PRC resident enterprise,
the dividends received by the investing resident enterprise from the invested resident enterprise are exempt from income tax, subject
to certain qualifications. Therefore, if we are classified as a PRC resident enterprise, the dividends received from our PRC subsidiaries
may be exempt from income tax. However, due to the limited history of the New Income Tax Law, it is unclear as to (i) the detailed
qualification requirements for such exemption and (ii) whether dividend payments by our PRC subsidiaries to us will meet such qualification
requirements, even if we are considered a PRC resident enterprise for tax purposes. 

In addition, the local tax authority of Hanzhong
City has the power to assess corporate taxes annually on local enterprises at a pre-determined fixed rate as an incentive to stimulate
the local economy and encourage entrepreneurship.  In 2015 and 2014, the Hanzhong City tax authority assessed the Company
for income taxes at the rate of 1.25% to 2.5% on revenue, instead of the statutory rate of 25%. As a result, income tax expenses
for the year ended September 30, 2016 were significantly different than they would have been had the Company been assessed at the
statutory rate.  If the Company were assessed at the statutory rate of 25%, the Company s tax expenses would increase
significantly which could significantly reduce the Company s net income. 

We face uncertainty from the Circular on
Strengthening the Administration of Enterprise Income Tax on Non-resident Enterprises' Share Transfer ( Circular 698 )
released in December 2009 by China's State Administration of Taxation (SAT), effective as of January 1, 2008.  

Where a foreign investor indirectly transfers
equity interests in a Chinese resident enterprise by selling the shares in an offshore holding company, and the latter is located
in a country (jurisdiction) where the effective tax burden is less than 12.5% or where the offshore income of her residents is
not taxable, the foreign investor is required to provide the tax authority in charge of that Chinese resident enterprise with the
relevant information within 30 days of the transfers. 

Where a foreign investor indirectly transfers
equity interests in a Chinese resident enterprise through the abuse of form of organization and there are no reasonable commercial
purposes such that the corporate income tax liability is avoided, the tax authority has the power to re-assess the nature of the
equity transfer in accordance with the  substance-over-form  principle and deny the existence of the offshore holding
company that is used for tax planning purposes.  Income derived from equity transfers  as mentioned in this circular
refers to income derived by non-resident enterprises from direct or indirect transfers of equity interest in China resident enterprises,
excluding share in Chinese resident enterprises that are bought and sold openly on the stock exchange. 

While the term  indirectly transfer 
is not defined, we understand that the relevant PRC tax authorities have jurisdiction regarding requests for information over a
wide range of foreign entities having no direct contact with China. The relevant authority has not yet promulgated any formal provisions
or formally declared or stated how to calculate the effective tax in the country (jurisdiction) and the process of the disclosure
to the tax authority in charge of that Chinese resident enterprise. Meanwhile, there are no formal declarations with regard to
how to decide  abuse of form of organization  and  reasonable commercial purpose,  which can be utilized
by us to determine if our company complies with the Circular 698. 

Failure to comply with PRC regulations relating
to the establishment of offshore special purpose companies by PRC residents may materially adversely affect us.  

On July 15, 2014, SAFE issued the Notice on
Relevant Issues in the Foreign Exchange Control over Investment, Financing and Return Investment Through Special Purpose Companies
by Residents Inside China, generally referred to as Circular 37, which required PRC residents to register with the competent local
SAFE branch before establishing or acquiring control over an offshore special purpose company, or SPV, for the purpose of engaging
in an equity financing outside of China on the strength of domestic PRC assets originally held by those residents. Internal implementing
guidelines issued by SAFE, which became public in June 2007 (known as Notice 106), expanded the reach of Circular 37 by (1) purporting
to cover the establishment or acquisition of control by PRC residents of offshore entities which merely acquire  control 
over domestic companies or assets, even in the absence of legal ownership; (2) adding requirements relating to the source of the
PRC resident's funds used to establish or acquire the offshore entity; (3) covering the use of existing offshore entities for offshore
financings; (4) purporting to cover situations in which an offshore SPV establishes a new subsidiary in China or acquires an unrelated
company or unrelated assets in China; and (5) making the domestic affiliate of the SPV responsible for the accuracy of certain
documents which must be filed in connection with any such registration, notably, the business plan which describes the overseas
financing and the use of proceeds. Amendments to registrations made under Circular 37 are required in connection with any increase
or decrease of capital, transfer of shares, mergers and acquisitions, equity investment or creation of any security interest in
any assets located in China to guarantee offshore obligations, and Notice 106 makes the offshore SPV jointly responsible for these
filings. In the case of an SPV which was established, and which acquired a related domestic company or assets, before the implementation
date of Circular 37, a retroactive SAFE registration was required to have been completed before March 31, 2006. This date was subsequently
extended indefinitely by Notice 106, which also required that the registrant establish that all foreign exchange transactions undertaken
by the SPV and its affiliates were in compliance with applicable laws and regulations. Failure to comply with the requirements
of Circular 37, as applied by SAFE in accordance with Notice 106, may result in fines and other penalties under PRC laws for evasion
of applicable foreign exchange restrictions. Any such failure could also result in the SPV's affiliates being impeded or prevented
from distributing their profits and the proceeds from any reduction in capital, share transfer or liquidation to the SPV, or from
engaging in other transfers of funds into or out of China. 

We have asked our stockholders, who are PRC
residents as defined in Circular 37, to register with the relevant branch of SAFE, as currently required, in connection with their
equity interests in us and our acquisitions of equity interests in our PRC subsidiary. However, we cannot provide any assurances
that they can obtain the above SAFE registrations required by Circular 37 and Notice 106. Moreover, because of uncertainty over
how Circular 37 will be interpreted and implemented, and how or whether SAFE will apply it to us, we cannot predict how it will
affect our business operations or future strategies. For example, our present and prospective PRC subsidiaries' ability to conduct
foreign exchange activities, such as the remittance of dividends and foreign currency-denominated borrowings, may be subject to
compliance with Circular 37 and Notice 106 by our PRC resident beneficial holders. 

In addition, such PRC residents may not always
be able to complete the necessary registration procedures required by Circular 37 and Notice 106. We also have little control over
either our present or prospective direct or indirect stockholders or the outcome of such registration procedures. A failure by
our PRC resident beneficial holders or future PRC resident stockholders to comply with Circular 37 and Notice 106, if SAFE requires
it, could subject these PRC resident beneficial holders to fines or legal sanctions, restrict our overseas or cross-border investment
activities, limit our subsidiaries' ability to make distributions or pay dividends or affect our ownership structure, which could
adversely affect our business and prospects. 

PRC economic, political and social conditions as well as government
policies can affect our business.  

The PRC economy differs from the economies
of most developed countries in many aspects, including: 

political structure; 

degree of government involvement; 

degree of development; 

level and control of capital reinvestment; 

control of foreign exchange; and 

allocation of resources. 

The PRC economy has been transitioning from
a centrally planned economy to a more market-oriented economy. For more than two decades, the PRC government has implemented economic
reform measures emphasizing utilization of market forces in the development of the PRC economy. Although we believe these reforms
will have a positive effect on China s overall and long-term development, we cannot predict whether changes in the PRC economic,
political and social conditions, laws, regulations and policies will have any adverse effect on our current or future business,
financial condition or results of operations. 

Changes in foreign exchange regulations
may adversely affect our results of operations.  

We currently receive all of our revenues in
RMB. The PRC government regulates the conversion between RMB and foreign currencies. Over the years, the government has significantly
reduced its control over routine foreign exchange transactions under current accounts, including trade and service related foreign
exchange transactions, payment of dividends and service of foreign debt. However, foreign exchange transactions by our PRC subsidiaries
under capital accounts continue to be subject to significant foreign exchange controls and require the approval of, or registration
with, PRC governmental authorities. There can be no assurance that these PRC laws and regulations on foreign investment will not
cast uncertainties on our financing and operating plans in China. Under current foreign exchange regulations in China, subject
to the relevant registration at SAFE, we will be able to pay dividends in foreign currencies, without prior approval from SAFE,
by complying with certain procedural requirements. However, there can be no assurance that the current PRC foreign exchange policies
regarding debt service and payment of dividends in foreign currencies will continue in the future. Changes in PRC foreign exchange
policies might have a negative impact on our ability to service our foreign currency-denominated indebtedness and to distribute
dividends to our shareholders in foreign currencies. 

Interpretation of PRC laws and regulations
involves uncertainty.  

Our core business is conducted within China
and is governed by PRC laws and regulations. The PRC legal system is based on written statutes, and prior court decisions can only
be used as a reference. Since 1979, the PRC government has promulgated laws and regulations in relation to economic matters such
as foreign investment, corporate organization and governance, commerce, taxation and trade, with a view to developing a comprehensive
system of commercial law, including laws relating to property ownership and development. However, due to the fact that these laws
and regulations have not been fully developed, and because of the limited volume of published cases and the non-binding nature
of prior court decisions, interpretation of PRC laws and regulations involves a degree of uncertainty. Some of these laws may be
changed without being immediately published or may be amended with retroactive effect. Depending on the government agency or how
an application or case is presented to such agency, we may receive less favorable interpretations of laws and regulations than
our competitors, particularly if a competitor has long been established in the locality of, and has developed a relationship with,
such agency. In addition, any litigation in China may be protracted and result in substantial costs and diversion of resources
and management attention. All these uncertainties may cause difficulties in the enforcement of our land use rights, entitlements
under its permits, and other statutory and contractual rights and interests. 

The Chinese government exerts substantial
influence over the manner in which we must conduct our business activities.  

China only recently has permitted provincial
and local economic autonomy and private economic activities, and, as a result, we are dependent on our relationship with the local
government in the province in which we operate our business. Chinese government has exercised and continues to exercise substantial
control over virtually every sector of the Chinese economy through regulation and state ownership. Our ability to operate in China
may be harmed by changes in its laws and regulations, including those relating to taxation, environmental regulations, land use
rights, property and other matters. We believe that our operations in China are in material compliance with all applicable legal
and regulatory requirements. However, the central or local governments of these jurisdictions may impose new, stricter regulations
or interpretations of existing regulations that would require additional expenditures and efforts on our part to ensure our compliance
with such regulations or interpretations. Accordingly, government actions in the future, including any decision not to continue
to support recent economic reforms and to return to a more centrally planned economy or regional or local variations in the implementation
of economic policies, could have a significant effect on economic conditions in China or particular regions thereof, and could
require us to divest ourselves of any interest we then hold in Chinese properties. 

Future inflation in China may inhibit our
activity to conduct business in China.  

In recent years, the Chinese economy has experienced
periods of rapid expansion and high rates of inflation. During the past ten years, the rate of inflation in China has been as high
as 20.7% and as low as -2.2%. These factors have led to the adoption by the Chinese government, from time to time, of various corrective
measures designed to restrict the availability of credit or regulate growth and contain inflation. While inflation has been more
moderate since 1995, high inflation may in the future cause Chinese government to impose controls on credit and/or prices, or to
take other action, which could inhibit economic activity in China, and thereby harm the market for our products. 

Because Chinese law governs almost all of our
material agreements, we may not be able to enforce our legal rights within China or elsewhere, which could result in a significant
loss of business, business opportunities, or capital. 

Chinese law governs almost all of our material
agreements. We cannot assure you that we will be able to enforce any of our material agreements or that remedies will be available
outside of China. The system of laws and the enforcement of existing laws in China may not be as certain in implementation and
interpretation as in the United States. The inability to enforce or obtain a remedy under any of our current or future agreements
could result in a significant loss of business, business opportunities or capital. It will be extremely difficult to acquire jurisdiction
and enforce liabilities against our officers, directors and assets based in China. 

Substantially all of our assets are located
in the PRC and all of our officers and most of our present directors reside outside of the United States.  As a result,
it may not be possible for United States investors to enforce their legal rights, to effect service of process upon our directors
or officers or to enforce judgments of United States courts predicated upon civil liabilities and criminal penalties of our directors
and officers under Federal securities laws. Moreover, we have been advised that China does not have treaties providing for the
reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments of courts with the United States. Further, it is unclear if extradition treaties
now in effect between the United States and China would permit effective enforcement of criminal penalties of the Federal securities
laws. 

Failure to comply with the United States
Foreign Corrupt Practices Act could subject us to penalties and other adverse consequences.  

We are subject to the United States Foreign
Corrupt Practices Act, which generally prohibits United States companies from engaging in bribery or other prohibited payments
to foreign officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. Foreign companies, including some that may compete with
us, are not subject to these prohibitions. Corruption, extortion, bribery, pay-offs, theft and other fraudulent practices occur
from time-to-time in the PRC. We can make no assurance, however, that our employees or other agents will not engage in such conduct
for which we might be held responsible. If our employees or other agents are found to have engaged in such practices, we could
suffer severe penalties and other consequences that may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and
results of operations. 

We may have difficulty establishing adequate
management, legal and financial controls in the PRC.  

The PRC historically has been deficient in
Western style management and financial reporting concepts and practices, as well as in modern banking, computer and other control
systems. We may have difficulty in hiring and retaining a sufficient number of qualified employees to work in the PRC. As a result
of these factors, we may experience difficulty in establishing management, legal and financial controls, collecting financial data
and preparing financial statements, books of account and corporate records and instituting business practices that meet Western
standards. We may have difficulty establishing adequate management, legal and financial controls in the PRC. 

Risks Relating
to our Securities  

We may be subject to the penny stock rules
which will make the shares of our common stock more difficult to sell.  

We may be subject now and in the future to
the SEC s  penny stock  rules if our shares of common stock sell below $1.00 per share. Penny stocks generally
are equity securities with a price of less than $1.00. The penny stock rules require broker-dealers to deliver a standardized risk
disclosure document prepared by the SEC which provides information about penny stocks and the nature and level of risks in the
penny stock market. The broker-dealer must also provide the customer with current bid and offer quotations for the penny stock,
the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson, and monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny
stock held in the customer's account. The bid and offer quotations, and the broker-dealer and salesperson compensation information
must be given to the customer orally or in writing prior to completing the transaction and must be given to the customer in writing
before or with the customer's confirmation. 

In addition, the penny stock rules require
that prior to a transaction, the broker-dealer must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment
for the purchaser and receive the purchaser's written agreement to the transaction. The penny stock rules are burdensome and may
reduce purchases of any offerings and reduce the trading activity for shares of our common stock. As long as our shares of common
stock are subject to the penny stock rules, the holders of such shares of common stock may find it more difficult to sell their
securities. 

Our shares of common stock are very thinly
traded, and the price if traded may not reflect our value. There can be no assurance that there will be an active market for our
shares of common stock either now or in the future.  

Our shares of common stock are very thinly
traded, and the price if traded may not reflect our value. There can be no assurance that there will be an active market for our
shares of common stock either now or in the future. The market liquidity will be dependent on the perception of our operating business
and any steps that our management might take to bring us to the awareness of investors. There can be no assurance given that there
will be any awareness generated. Consequently, investors may not be able to liquidate their investment or liquidate it at a price
that reflects the value of the business. If a more active market should develop, the price may be highly volatile. Because there
may be a low price for our shares of common stock, many brokerage firms may not be willing to effect transactions in the securities.
Even if an investor finds a broker willing to effect a transaction in the shares of our common stock, the combination of brokerage
commissions, transfer fees, taxes, if any, and any other selling costs may exceed the selling price. Further, many lending institutions
will not permit the use of such shares of common stock as collateral for any loans. 

ITEM 1B.  Unresolved Staff Comments  

None. 

ITEM 2.  Properties  

The Company s principal administrative,
sales, and marketing facilities are located at 6 Xinghan Road, 19th Floor, Hanzhong City, Shaanxi Province. The Company built the
office building in which its headquarters are located and owns the floor that houses its headquarters. In addition, the Company
also owns a sales office in Yang County.  See Item 1.  Business   Our Projects for a description of the location
and general character of the Company's real estate projects. 

ITEM 3.  Legal Proceedings  

There are no pending legal proceedings to which
the Company is a party or in which any director, officer or affiliate of the Company, any owner of record or beneficially of more
than 5% of any class of voting securities of the Company, or security holder is a party adverse to the Company or has a material
interest adverse to the Company. The Company s property is not the subject of any pending legal proceedings. 

ITEM 4.  Mine and Safety Disclosure  

Not applicable. 

    PART II  

Item 5.  Market For Registrant s
Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters And Issuer Purchases Of Equity Securities  

Market Information  

China HGS s common stock is currently
quoted on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol  HGSH . Between September 13, 2010 and July 19, 2012, China HGS s
common stock was quoted on the NASDAQ Global Market under the same symbol. Prior to China HGS s listing on NASDAQ Global
Market, its common stock was quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board under the symbol  CAHS.  The following table sets forth
the high and low sale prices for the Company s common stock for the periods indicated. 

Holders  

According to the records of our transfer
agent, China HGS had 288 stockholders of record as of September 30, 2016. 

Dividends  

All of our assets are located within the
PRC. Under the laws of the PRC governing foreign invested enterprises, dividend distribution and liquidation are allowed but subject
to special procedures under relevant rules and regulations. Any dividend payment is subject to the approval of the Board of Directors
and subject to foreign exchange rules governing such repatriation. Any liquidation is subject to both the relevant government agency s
approval and supervision, as well as foreign exchange controls. 

We have never declared or paid any cash
dividends on our common stock and we do not expect to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. We expect to retain any
earnings to support operations and to finance the growth and development of our business.  Any future determination relating
to our dividend policy will be made at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend on a number of factors, including
future earnings, capital requirements, financial conditions and future prospects and other factors the Board of Directors may deem
relevant.  The payment of dividends from our subsidiaries to our parent company is subject to restrictions including
primarily the restriction that foreign invested enterprises may only buy, sell and/or remit foreign currencies at those banks authorized
to conduct foreign exchange business after providing valid commercial documents. 

PRC regulations restrict the ability of
our PRC subsidiary to make dividends and other payments to its offshore parent company.  PRC legal restrictions permit payments
of dividend by our PRC subsidiary only out of its accumulated after-tax profits, if any, determined in accordance with PRC accounting
standards and regulations.  Our PRC subsidiary is also required under PRC laws and regulations to allocate at least 10% of
its annual after-tax profits determined in accordance with PRC GAAP to a statutory general reserve fund until the amounts in said
fund reaches 50% of its registered capital. Allocations to this statutory reserve fund can only be used for specific purposes and
are not transferable to us in the form of loans, advances or cash dividends. Any limitations on the ability of our PRC subsidiary
to transfer funds to us could materially and adversely limit our ability to grow, make investments or acquisitions that could be
beneficial to our business, pay dividends and otherwise fund and conduct our business. 

Stock Performance Graph  

The following graph presents a comparison
of the performance of our common stock with that of the NASDAQ Composite Index and the NASDAQ Capital Market Composite Index from
September 30, 2010 to September 30, 2016. The graph shall not be deemed  filed  for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange
Act, or otherwise subject to the liabilities under that section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any
filing of the Company under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. 

*$100 invested at closing prices on September
30, 2010 in our common stock or in a stock index. 

Equity Compensation Plan Information  

See  Item 12. Security Ownership
of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters  for disclosure regarding our equity compensation
plan. 

Purchase of Equity Securities by Our
Company and Affiliated Purchases  

None. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities  

None. 

Item 6. Selected Financial Data  

Not applicable.  

Item 7.  Management's Discussion
And Analysis of Financial Conditions And Results Of Operations.  

The following discussion and analysis of
financial condition and results of operations relates to the operations and financial condition reported in the financial statements
of China HGS Real Estate Inc. for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 and should be read in conjunction with such
financial statements and related notes included in this report. 

Preliminary Note Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements.  

We make forward-looking statements in Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and elsewhere in this report based on the beliefs and
assumptions of our management and on information currently available to us. Forward-looking statements include information about
our possible or assumed future results of operations which follow under the headings  Business and Overview,   Liquidity
and Capital Resources,  and other statements throughout this report preceded by, followed by or that include the words  believes, 
 expects,   anticipates,   intends,   plans,   estimates  or similar
expressions. 

Forward-looking statements are subject
to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in these forward-looking
statements, including the risks and uncertainties described below and other factors we describe from time to time in our periodic
filings with the SEC. We therefore caution you not to rely unduly on any forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements
in this report speak only as of the date of this report, and we undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking
statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise. These forward-looking statements include,
among other things, statements relating to: 

our ability to sustain our project development  

our ability to obtain additional land use rights at favorable prices;  

the market for real estate in Tier 3 and 4 cities and counties;  

our ability to obtain additional capital in future years to fund our planned expansion; or  

economic, political, regulatory, legal and foreign exchange risks associated with our operations.  

Our Business Overview  

We conduct substantially all of our business
through Shaanxi Guangsha Investment and Development Group Co., Ltd, in Hanzhong, Shaanxi Province. Since the initiation of our
business, we have been focused on expanding our business in certain Tier 3 and Tier 4 cities and counties in China. 

For fiscal 2016, our sales, gross profit
and net income were $40,576,717, $9,803,323 and $5,018,940 respectively, representing an approximately 50.0%, 73.3% and 84.0% decrease
in sales, gross profit and net income from fiscal 2015, respectively. The decrease in sales, gross profit and net income mainly
resulted from decreased GFA sold during fiscal 2016. 

The Company adopted the percentage of completion
method to account for real estate sales from large high rise residential projects with construction periods over 18 to 24 months.
Total revenue recognized under the percentage of completion method for fiscal 2016 was $25,243,962 (2015 - $76,759,922), representing
62.2% of total revenue for the fiscal 2016 (2015 - 94.6%). The related costs of these real estate sales was $18,777,467 (2015 -
$36,842,226) for fiscal 2016, representing 65.5% (2015 - 93.8%) of the real estate costs for fiscal 2016. The gross profit before
sales taxes from the percentage of completion method was $6,466,495 (2015-$39,917,696), representing 54.3% (2015- 95.4%) of the
total gross profits before sales taxes for fiscal 2016. 

For fiscal 2016, our average selling price
( ASP ) for real estate projects (excluding sales of parking spaces) located in Yang County was approximately $456
per square meter, consistent from the ASP of $444 per square meter for fiscal 2015. The ASP of our Hanzhong real estate projects
(excluding sales of parking spaces) was approximately $600 per square meter for 2016, consistent from the ASP of $599 per square
meter for fiscal 2015. 

Market Outlook  

In the balance of 2016 and looking forward
into 2017, the macro-economic backdrop will continue to be uncertain with unrelenting downside pressure, while the overall inventory
level of properties will remain high. The central government will continue to adopt policies aimed to ensure stability, economic
growth and improved employment. The details of implementation by local government will vary among different PRC cities. 

In 2017, the Company expects to launch
the Liangzhou Road related project. The new projects will comprise of residential for end-users and upgraders, shopping malls as
well as serviced apartments and offices to satisfy different market demands. Our customers continue to experience growth of their
disposable income. With a lower housing price to family disposable income ratio and an increasing urbanization level, there is
a growing demand for high quality residential housing. From this perspective, the Company is positive about the outlook for the
local real estate market in a long term. In the meantime, the Company is diversifying its revenue and developing more commercial
and municipal projects. 

We intend to remain focused on our existing
construction projects in Hanzhong City and Yang County, deepening our institutional sales network, enhancing our cost and operational
synergies and improving cash flows and strengthening our balance sheet. In this respect, we began the construction of the following
large high rise residential projects in Hanzhong City and Yang County: 

Liangzhou road and related projects   

In September 2013, the Company entered
into an agreement ( Liangzhou Agreement ) with the Hanzhong local government on the Liangzhou Road reformation and
expansion project (Liangzhou Road Project ). Pursuant to the agreement, the Company is contracted to reform and expand the
Liangzhou Road, a commercial street in downtown Hanzhong City, with a total length of 2,080 meters and width of 30 meters and to
resettle the existing residences in the Liangzhou road area. The government s original road construction budget was approximately
$33 million in accordance with the Liangzhou Agreement. The Company, in return, is being compensated by the local government to
have an exclusive right on acquiring at least 394.5 Mu land use rights in a specified location of Hanzhong City. The Liangzhou
Road Project s road construction started at the end of 2013. In 2014, the original scope and budget on the Liangzhou road
reformation and expansion project was extended, because the local government included more area and resettlement residences into
the project, which resulted in additional investments from the Company. In return, the Company is authorized by the local government
to develop and manage the commercial and residential properties surrounding the Liangzhou Road project. Due to the extension, the
Company expected the road construction to be completed and approved by the local government in early 2017. The Company s
development cost incurred on Liangzhou Road Project is treated as the Company s deposit on purchasing the related land use
rights, as agreed by the local government. 

As of September 30, 2016, the actual costs
incurred by the Company was $117,226,429 (2015 - $85,069,755) and the incremental cost related to residence resettlement was approved
by the local government. The Company determined that the Company s Investment in Liangzhou Road Project in exchange for interests
in future land use rights is a barter transaction with commercial substance. For the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the
Company received government s subsidies in the amount of $Nil and $9,439,183 for its Shanty Area Reform Project surrounding
Liang Zhou Road located in Hantai District, Hanzhong City, respectively, and the Company recorded the subsidies to offset against
the development cost of Liangzhou Road Project. 

The Liangzhou road related projects mainly
consists Oriental Garden Phase II, Liangzhou Mansion and Pearl Commercial Plaza surrounding the Liangzhou road area. 

Oriental Garden Phase II  
           
         Oriental Garden Phase II project is planned
        to consist of 8 high-rise residential buildings and 6 commercial buildings with total planned GFA of 370,298 square meters. The
        project will also include a farmer s market.  

Liangzhou Mansion  
           
         Liangzhou Mansion project is planned to
        consist of 7 high-rise building and commercial shops on the first floor with total planned GFA of 160,000 square meters.  

Pearl Commercial Plaza  
           
         Pearl Commercial Plaza is planned to consist
        one office building, one service apartment (or hotel), classical architecture style of Chinese traditional houses and shopping
        malls with total planned GFA of 124,191 square meters.  

The Company plans to start these three
real estate projects in spring of 2017 when the local government expects to complete the reallocation of the existing residence
in the Liangzhou road area. 

Yangzhou Palace   

The Company is currently constructing 9
high-rise residential buildings and 16 sub-high-rise residential and multi-layer residential buildings with total GFA of 285,244
square meters in Yangzhou Palace located in Yang County. The construction started in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2013 and is expected
to be completed by the end of 2017. The Company has obtained pre-sale license in September 2016. 

Road Construction   

Other road construction projects mainly
included a Yang County East 2nd Ring Road construction project. The Company was engaged by Yang County local government to construct
East 2nd Ring Road with total length of 2.15 km and budgeted price approximately of $25.2 million (or RMB 168 million) approved
by local Yang County government in March 2014. The local government is required to repay the Company s project investment
within 3-4 years with interest based on the commercial borrowing rate with the similar term published by China Construction Bank.
The local government also was allowed to refund the Company by reducing local surcharges or taxes otherwise required in the real
estate development. As of September 30, 2016, the actual costs incurred by the Company was $2,390,633 which was included in real
estate property under development on the consolidated balance sheet. The local government is in the process of acceptance and assessment
process. The Company is expected to deliver these two road construction projects to local government in 2017. 

In September 2012, the Company was approved
by the Hanzhong local government to construct four municipal roads with a total length of approximately 1,192 meters. The project
was deferred and then restarted during the quarter ended March 31, 2014. As of September 30, 2016, the local government was still
in the process of planning and assessing the scope and budget for these projects. We expect these initiatives will help us during
this difficult period and better position us to capitalize on opportunities from a future market upturn. 

Summary of real estate projects completion status  

Actual (estimated)  
 Completion time of  
 construction  
       
      Estimated time to sell of  
 the property   
 
      Development completed  

Hanzhong City Mingzhu Garden 
(Mingzhu Nanyuan   Mingzhu Beiyuan) 
       
     Majority was completed during the third quarter of fiscal 2012 
       
     2017  
 
     Hanzhong City Nan Dajie (Mingzhu Xinju) 
       
     Phase one completed in 2010 and Phase two completed in 2011 
       
     2017  
 
     Hanzhong City Mingzhu Garden Phase II  
       
     Completed by Fiscal 2015 
       
     2017  
 
     Hanzhong City Oriental Pearl Garden 
       
     Completed by Fiscal 2016 

Yang County Yangzhou Pearl Garden Phase II 
       
     Completed by Fiscal 2015 
       
     2017  
 
     Yang County Yangzhou Pearl Garden 
       
     Majority completed in 2011 and 2012 
       
     2017  

Under development:  
       
      Estimated Completion time of construction   
 
     Yang County Yangzhou Palace 
       
     To be completed in 2017  
 
     Hanzhong City Shijin Project 
       
     Under planning stage  
 
     Hanzhong City Hanfeng Beiyuan East Road 
       
     To deliver the road to government in 2017  
 
     Hanzhong City Liangzhou Road and related projects 
       
     The road construction to be completed in 2017, the related  projects will be completed in 2018 and later years.  
 
     Hanzhong City Beidajie project 
       
     Under planning stage  
 
     Yang County East 2 nd  Ring Road 
       
     To be completed in 2017  

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  

Year ended September 30, 2016 as compared
to year ended September 30, 2015  

Revenues  

The following is a breakdown of revenue
for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

Percentage of Completion method   

Real estate sales for our long term real
estate projects are recognized under percentage completion method in accordance with the provisions of ASC 360-20-40D  Sale
of Condominium Units . Revenue and profit from the sales of long term development properties is recognized by the percentage
of completion method on the sale of individual units when all the following criteria are met: 

a. 
     Construction is beyond a preliminary stage.  
 
     b. 
     The buyer is committed to the extent of being unable to require a refund except for non-delivery of the unit or interest.  
 
     c. 
     Sufficient units have already been sold to assure that the entire property will not revert to rental property.  
 
     d. 
     Sales prices are collectible.  
 
     e. 
     Aggregate sales proceeds and costs can be reasonably estimated.  

If any of the above criteria is not met,
proceeds shall be accounted for as deposits until the criteria are met. 

Under the percentage of completion method,
revenues from condominium units sold and related costs are recognized over the course of the construction period, based on the
completion progress of a project. In relation to any project, revenue is determined by calculating the ratio of incurred costs,
including land use rights costs and construction costs, to total estimated costs and applying that ratio to the contracted sales
amounts. Cost of sales is recognized by determining the ratio of contracted sales during the period to total estimated sales
value, and applying that ratio to the incurred costs. Current period amounts are calculated based on the difference between the
life-to-date project totals and the previously recognized amounts. 

Revenue recognized to date in excess of
amounts received from customers is classified as current assets under cost and earnings in excess of billings, whose balance is
$11,891,230 as of September 30, 2016 (2015 - $11,825,036). Amounts received from customers in excess of revenue recognized to date
are classified as current liabilities under billings in excess of cost and earnings, whose balance is $2,110,808 as of September
30, 2016 (2015 - $3,315,302). 

Any changes in significant judgments and/or
estimates used in determining construction and development revenue could significantly change the timing or amount of construction
and development revenue recognized. Changes in total estimated project costs or losses, if any, are recognized in the period in
which they are determined. 

Changes of estimated gross profit margins
related to revenue recognized under the percentage of completion method are made in the period in which circumstances requiring
the revisions become known. For the year end September 30, 2016, real estate development projects with gross profits recognized
in 2015 had changes in their estimated revenue and related gross profit margins. The company reduced its prior estimates related
to selling prices and total estimated sales values which led to an increase in the recognized costs of sales under percentage completion
revenue recognition approach. As a result of these changes in gross profit margins, net income for the year ended September 30,
2016 decreased by $3,940,964 (2015   $1,500,119) and basic and diluted earnings per share for the year ended September 30,
2016 decreased by $0.09 (2015 - $0.03). 

Full accrual method   

Revenue from the sales of short term development
properties, where the construction period is expected to be 18 months or less is recognized by the full accrual method at the time
of the closing of an individual unit sale. This occurs when title to or possession of the property is transferred to the buyer.
A sale is not considered consummated until (a) the parties are bound by the terms of a contract, (b) all consideration
has been exchanged, (c) any permanent financing for which the seller is responsible has been arranged, (d) all conditions
precedent to closing have been performed, (e) the seller does not have substantial continuing involvement with the property,
and (f) the usual risks and rewards of ownership have been transferred to the buyer. Further, the buyer s initial and
continuing investment is adequate to demonstrate a commitment to pay for the property. 

The Company provides  mortgage loan
guarantees  only with respect to buyers who make down-payments of 30% - 50% of the total purchase price of the property.
As of September 30, 2016, the Company had security deposits for these guarantees amounted to approximately $1.5 million. The period
of the mortgage loan guarantee begins on the date the bank approves the buyer s mortgage and we receive the loan proceeds
in our bank account and ends on the date the  Certificate of Ownership  evidencing that title to the property has been
transferred to the buyer. The procedures to obtain the Certificate of Ownership take six to twelve months (the  Mortgage
Loan Guarantee Period ).  If, after investigation of the buyer s income and other relevant factors, the bank
decides not to grant the mortgage loan, our mortgage-loan based sales contract terminates and there will be no guarantee obligation.  If,
during the Mortgage Loan Guarantee Period, the buyer defaults on his or her monthly mortgage payment for three consecutive months,
we are required to refund the loan proceeds back to the bank, although we have the right to keep the customer's deposit and resell
the property to a third party.  Once the Certificate of Property has been issued by the relevant government authority,
our loan guarantee terminates.  If the buyer then defaults on his or her mortgage loan, the bank has the right to take
the property back and sell it and use the proceeds to pay off the loan.  The Company is not liable for any shortfall
that the bank may incur in this event. To date, no buyer has defaulted on his or her mortgage payments during the Mortgage Loan
Guarantee Period and the Company has not had to refund any loan proceeds pursuant to its mortgage loan guarantees. 

For municipal road construction projects,
fees are generally recognized by the full accrual method at the time of the projects are completed. 

Revenue recognized under full accrual
method   

The following table summarizes revenue
recognized under full accrual method from sales of completed real estate projects for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
respectively: 

Our revenues are derived from the sale
of residential buildings, commercial store-fronts and parking spaces in projects that we have developed. Comparing to fiscal 2015,
revenues before sales tax increased by 252.0% to approximately $15.3 million for the year ended September 30, 2016 from approximately
$4.4 million for last year. The total GFA sold during fiscal 2016 was 29,392 square meters, representing a significant increase
from the 7,997 square meters completed and sold during fiscal 2015, because both Mingzhu Garden Phase II and Yangzhou Pearl Garden
Phase II projects were completed by September 30, 2015 therefore the sales from related properties were included in the above table. 

Sales tax for fiscal 2016 and 2015 consisted
of a business tax, 5% of the revenue, an urban construction tax, 7% of business tax, an education surcharge tax, 3% of business
tax, and land appreciation tax. Land appreciation tax for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was assessed at the rate
of 0.5% of the customer deposits in Yang County and 1% of the customer deposits in Hanzhong. The sales tax for fiscal 2016 increased
by 32.1% from last year, primarily as a result of increase in revenue.  In May of 2016, the Business Tax has been
incorporated into Value Added Tax in China, which means there will be no more Business Tax and accordingly some business operations
previously taxed in the name of Business Tax will be taxed in the manner of VAT thereafter. The Company is subject to 5% of VAT
for all its exiting real estate project based on the local tax authority s practice. As our revenue is reported net of VAT,
the Company does not expect the overall gross margin for the existing real estate properties will be significantly affected by
the change from business tax to VAT. 

Revenue recognized under percentage
completion method   

(1)  Percentage of Completion is calculated by dividing total costs incurred by total estimated costs
for the relevant buildings in each real estate building , estimated as of the date of our financial statements as of and for the
year indicated.   

(2)  Qualified contract sales only include all contract sales with customer deposits balance as of September
30, 2016 equal or greater than 30% of contract sales amount and related individual of buildings were sold over 20%.   

(3)  The actual GFA will be re-measured when the real estate project is completed, which could be slightly
different from the estimated GFA at the beginning of the real estate projects.   

Both Mingzhu Garden Phase II and Yangzhou
Pearl Garden Phase II projects were completed by September 30, 2015, therefore the related revenue was not included in the above
table. For Oriental Garden real estate property, total contract sales as of September 30, 2016 were $106,303,997 (September 30,
2015 - $95,518,605). Total GFA sold under contract sales as of September 30, 2016 was 144,289 square meters (September 30, 2015
  119,353). The average unit price was $737 per square meters (September 30, 2015 - $800). For the purpose of percentage
of completion calculation, the qualified contract sales amount was approximately $105,741,424 for the year ended September 30,
2016 (September 30, 2015 - $92,093,999). The Oriental Garden real estate property was completed as of September 30, 2016. 

Cost of sales  

The following table sets forth a breakdown
of our cost of revenues for the years indicated. 

Our cost of sales consists primarily of
costs associated with land use rights and construction costs. Cost of sales are capitalized and allocated to development projects
using a specific identification method. Costs are allocated to specific units within a project based on the ratio of the sales
area of units to the estimated total sales area of the project or phase of the project times the total cost of the project or phase
of the project. 

Cost of sales was approximately $28.7 million
for the year ended September 30, 2016 compared to $39.3 million for the year ended September 30, 2015. The $10.6 million decrease
in cost of sales was mainly attributable to the decrease in total GFA sold during fiscal 2016 under percentage completion method
which led to decreased revenue and cost of sales during fiscal 2016. 

Land use rights cost: The cost of land
use rights includes the land premium we pay to acquire land use rights for our property development sites, plus taxes. Our land
use rights cost varies for different projects according to the size and location of the site and the minimum land premium set for
the site, all of which are influenced by government policies, as well as prevailing market conditions. Costs for land use rights
for the year ended September 30, 2016 were approximately $1.5 million, as compared to $3.0 million for the year ended September
30, 2015, representing a decrease of $1.5 million from last year. The decrease in costs of land use rights was consistent with
the fact that the total GFA sold under percentage completion method in 2016 was lower than last year. 

Construction cost: We outsource the
construction of all of our projects to third party contractors, whom we select through a competitive tender process. Our construction
contracts provide a fixed payment which covers substantially all labor, materials and equipment costs, subject to adjustments for
some types of excess, such as design changes during construction or changes in government-suggested steel prices, which are paid
over the construction period based on specified milestones. In addition, we purchase and supply a limited range of fittings and
equipment, including elevators, window frames and door frames. Our construction costs for the year ended September 30, 2016 were
approximately $27.2 million as compared to approximately $36.2 million for the year ended September 30, 2015, representing a decrease
of $9.0 million. The decrease in construction cost was due to the decrease in units sold under percentage completion method in
2016. 

The total cost of sales as a percentage
of real estate sales before sales tax for the year ended September 30, 2016 decreased to 70.7% from 48.4% for the year ended September
30, 2015, because a significant portion of revenue recognized under the percentage completion method in 2015 was from sales of
commercial properties with higher selling price. Most of properties sold during the year ended September 30, 2016 were residential
units with lower selling prices. 

Gross profits  

Gross profit was approximately $9.8 million
for the year ended September 30, 2016 as compared to approximately $36.7 million for the year ended September 30, 2015, representing
a decrease of $26.9 million, which was mainly attributable to less GFA sold in Mingzhu Garden Phase II projects and Oriental project
during fiscal 2016. We have only limited models available for customer selection in the Mingzhu Garden Phase I and II projects,
therefore, the related sales decreased in fiscal 2016. Oriental Garden project was completed as of September 30, 2016, we expected
the future sales of Oriental Garden will increase in fiscal 2017. The overall gross profit as a percentage of real estate sales
decreased to 24.2% for the year ended September 30, 2016 from 45.2% for the year ended September 30, 2015, was mainly due to the
fact that more commercial units with higher margins in Mingzhu Garden Phase II and Oriental project in Hanzhong City were sold
in fiscal 2015 comparing to fiscal 2016. Approximately 69.2% of the gross profit in fiscal 2015 were from sales of commercial units
in Mingzhu Garden Phase II and Oriental Garden project, but there was only 30% of gross profit in fiscal 2016 were from the related
sales. During fiscal 2015, total revenue from sales of commercial units in Mingzhu Garden Phase II and Oriental Garden projects
amounted to approximately $35.2 million with average gross margin of 82%, while total revenue from sales of commercial units in
Mingzhu Garden Phase II and Oriental Garden projects amounted to $4.9 million in fiscal 2016 with average gross margin of 73%. 

Operating expenses  

Total operating expenses increased by 11.3%
or $362,949 to $3,584,999 for the year ended September 30, 2016 from $3,222,050 for the year ended September 30, 2015, as a result
of an increase in general and administration expenses of $162,011 and an increase in selling expense of $200,938. The increase
in general and administration expense for fiscal 2016 was attributed to increases in surtax charges and office expense. The Company
also incurred more marketing expense in fiscal 2016 to promote the Yang County Palace project and completed real estate projects. 

Interest expense - net  

Net interest expense was $225,155 for the
year ended September 30, 2016, compared to net interest expense of $61,419 for the year ended September 30, 2015. Interest expense
for fiscal 2016 and 2015 mainly included $72,400 interest from the one-year shareholder loan of $1,810,000 with our Chairman and
CEO   Mr. Xiaojun Zhu. The interest rate for the loan is 4% per annum. In addition, the loan interest of $137,962 with
China Construction Bank were fully expensed in fiscal 2016, because the related Mingzhu Garden Phase II project was fully completed
as of September 30, 2015. Prior to September 30, 2015, the loan interest with China Construction bank were capitalized in the development
cost of Mingzhu Garden Phase II project. 

Income taxes  

U.S. Taxes   

China HGS is a Florida corporation. However,
all of our operations are conducted solely by our subsidiaries in the PRC. No income is earned in the United States and we do not
repatriate any earnings outside the PRC. As a result, we did not generate any U.S. taxable income for the years ended September
30, 2016 and 2015. 

PRC Taxes   

Our Company is governed by the Enterprise
Income Tax Law of the People s Republic of China concerning private-run enterprises, which are generally subject to tax at
a new statutory rate of 25% on income reported in the statutory financial statements after appropriate tax adjustments. 

However, the local taxing authority
of Hanzhong City has the power to assess corporate taxes annually on local enterprises at a pre-determined fixed rate as an
incentive to stimulate the local economy and encourage entrepreneurship. In the fiscal years 2016 and 2015, the taxing
authority assessed us for income taxes at the rate of 1.25% on revenue in Yang County and 2.5% on our revenue in Hanzhong,
instead of the statutory rate of 25% of net income. As a result, income tax expenses for the year ended September 30, 2016
were $974,688, representing a tax saving approximately of $0.6 million. Income taxes decreased in fiscal 2016 by 50.0% as
compared to $1,951,226 for the year ended September 30, 2015 as a result of our lower revenue in fiscal 2016. 

Although the possibility exists for reinterpretation
of the application of the tax regulations by higher tax authorities in the PRC, potentially overturning the decision made by the
local tax authority, the Company has not experienced any reevaluation of the income taxes for prior years. Management believes
that the possibility of any reevaluation of income taxes is remote based on the fact that the Company has obtained the written
tax clearance from the local tax authority. Thus, no additional taxes payable have been recorded for the difference between the
taxes due based on taxable income calculated according to statutory taxable income method and the taxes due based on the fixed
rate method. It is the Company s policy that if such reevaluation of income taxes becomes probable and the amount of additional
taxes due can be reasonably estimated, additional taxes shall be recorded in the period in which the amount can be reasonably estimated
and shall not be charged retroactively to an earlier period. 

Net income  

We reported $5,018,940 in net income for
the year ended September 30, 2016, representing a decrease of 84.0% or $26.4 million as compared to $31,427,626 for the year ended
September 30, 2015. The decline of net income was a result of the item discussed above. 

Other comprehensive income  

We operate primarily in the PRC and the
functional currency of our operating subsidiary is the Chinese Renminbi ( RMB ).  The RMB is not freely convertible
into foreign currency and all foreign exchange transactions must take place through authorized institutions. No representation
is made that the RMB amounts could have been, or could be, converted into USD at the rates used in translation. 

Translation adjustments amounted to $(7,604,743)
and $(5,186,242) as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  The balance sheet amounts with the exception of equity
at September 30, 2016 were translated at 6.6702RMB to 1.00 USD as compared to 6.3568RMB to 1.00 USD at September 30, 2015. The
equity accounts were stated at their historical rate. The average translation rates applied to the income statements accounts for
the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were 6.5326 RMB to 1.00 USD and 6.1653 RMB to 1.00 USD, respectively. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

Current Assets and Liabilities  

Our principal need for liquidity and capital
resources is to maintain working capital sufficient to support our operations and to make capital expenditures to finance the growth
of our business. In the past, we mainly financed our operations primarily through cash flows from operations, bank borrowings and
loan from financial institutions and borrowings from our principal shareholder. 

As of September 30, 2016, the Company had
an approximately of $51.2 million in working capital, an increase of $16.9 million as compared to $34.3 million as of September
30, 2015. Our total cash and restricted cash balance increased to approximately $7.9 million as of September 30, 2016 as compared
to approximately $3.0 million as of September 30, 2015. Since most of our current real estate developments are completed as of
September 30, 2016, we are expecting to collect the full purchase price from our existing customers in the coming period. In addition,
on June 26, 2015 and March 10, 2016, the Company signed phase I and Phase II agreements with Hanzhong Urban Construction Investment
Development Co., Ltd, a state owned Company, to borrow up to $116,188,420 (RMB 775,000,000) long term loan at 4.245% interest to
develop Liang Zhou Road Project. As of September 30, 2016, the Company borrowed $93,975,338 from this credit line. The loan is
guaranteed by Hanzhong City Hantai District Municipal Government and pledged by the Company s Yang County Palace project
with carrying value of $76,618,856 as of September 30, 2016. On January 8, 2016, the Company signed a loan agreement with Hanzhong
Municipal Housing Provident Fund Management Center to borrow up to $11,993,643 (RMB 80,000,000) for development of Oriental Garden
project. The loan carries interest at is 3.575% and is due in January 2019. The repayment is required based on certain sales milestones
or a fixed repayment schedule starting in July 2018. Our major shareholder pledged their assets for the loan. The Housing Fund
has rights to monitor the project s future cash flow. 

With respect to capital funding requirements,
the Company budgeted our capital spending based on ongoing assessments of needs to maintain adequate cash. Due to the long term
relationship with our construction suppliers, we were able to effectively manage cash spending on construction. Also, our principal
shareholder, Mr. Xiaojun Zhu has been providing and will continue to provide his personal funds, if necessary, to support the Company
on an as needed basis. In addition, the Company s cash flows from pre-sales and current sales should provide financial support
for our current developments and operations. 

In order to fully implement our business
plan and sustain continued growth, we may also need to raise capital from outside investors. Our expectation, therefore, is that
we will seek to access the capital markets in both the U.S. and China to obtain the funds as needed. At the present time, however,
we do not have commitments of funds from any third party. 

Cash Flow  

Year ended September 30, 2016 as compared
to year ended September 30, 2015  

Comparison of cash flows results for the
fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 and fiscal year ended September 30, 2015, are summarized as follows: 

Operating activities  

Net cash used in operating activities during
fiscal 2016 was approximately $76.9 million, consisting of net income of $5.0 million, noncash adjustments of $0.8 million and
net changes in our operating assets and liabilities, which mainly included an increase in real estate property completed of $41.8
million mainly due to the completion of Oriental Garden real estate project, increase in real estate property under development
of $18.3 million for continuous spending on Liangzhou Road and related projects, a decrease in accounts payable and other payable
of $16.2 million due to more payments to our contractors and suppliers when the projects were at completion stage and an increase
of security deposit of $5.0 million made to obtain other loans for development of Liangzhou Road and related project, offset by
a decrease of customer deposits of $3.1 million due to more collections from our customer as most of our real estate projects were
completed. The negative operation cash flow in fiscal 2016 mainly caused by less revenue and our continuous investment in the Liangzhou
Road and related projects. 

Net cash provided by operating activities
during fiscal 2015 was approximately $10.3 million, consisting of net income of $31.4 million, noncash adjustments of $2.0 million
and net changes in our operating assets and liabilities, which mainly included an increase in real estate property completed of
$71.3 million and a reduction in real estate property underdevelopment of $63.4 million, mainly due to the completion of Mingzhu
Beiyuan Phase II and Yangzhou Pearl Garden Phase II real estate projects, a decrease in accounts payable and other payable of $15.1
million due to more payments to our contractors and suppliers when the projects were at completion stage, a decrease of customer
deposits of $8.4 million due to the fact a significant portion of customer deposits were recognized in revenue. The positive cash
flow provided by operating activities is mainly attributable to more collection from our customers when Mingzhu Beiyuan Phase II
and Yangzhou Pearl Garden Phase II real estate projects were completed and the slow spending on real estate properties under development. 

Financing activities  

Net cash flows provided by financing activities
was approximately $82.3 million for fiscal 2016, which included a net proceeds from shareholder loan of $0.9 million, a net proceeds
from other loans of $87.4 million and offset by net repayment of a bank loan of approximately $6.1 million. 

Net cash flows used in financing activities
was approximately $10 million for fiscal 2015, which included restricted cash of approximately $0.2 million, a net repayment of
shareholder loan of $3.6 million, net repayment of a bank loan of approximately $13.0 million and offset by a net proceeds from
other loans of approximately $6.8 million. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Inflation  

Inflation has not had a material impact
on our business and we do not expect inflation to have a material impact on our business in the near future. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Management Estimates  

Revenue recognition  

Percentage of Completion method   

Real estate sales for the long term real
estate projects are recognized under percentage completion method in accordance with the provisions of ASC 360-20-40D  Sale
of Condominium Units . Revenue and profit from the sales of long term development properties is recognized by the percentage
of completion method on the sale of individual units when all the following criteria are met: 

a.  Construction is beyond a preliminary stage.   

b.  The buyer is committed to the extent of being unable to require a refund except for non-delivery
of the unit or interest.   

c.  Sufficient units have already been sold to assure that the entire property will not revert to rental
property.   

d.  Sales prices are collectible.   

e.  Aggregate sales proceeds and costs can be reasonably estimated.   

If any of the above criteria is not met,
proceeds shall be accounted for as deposits until the criteria are met. 

Under the percentage of completion method,
revenues from condominium units sold and related costs are recognized over the course of the construction period, based on the
completion progress of a project. In relation to any project, revenue is determined by calculating the ratio of incurred costs,
including land use rights costs and construction costs, to total estimated costs and applying that ratio to the contracted sales
amounts. Cost of sales is recognized by determining the ratio of contracted sales during the period to total estimated sales
value, and applying that ratio to the incurred costs. Current period amounts are calculated based on the difference between the
life-to-date project totals and the previously recognized amounts. 

Revenue recognized to date in excess of
amounts received from customers is classified as current assets under cost and earnings in excess of billings. Amounts received
from customers in excess of revenue recognized to date are classified as current liabilities under billings in excess of cost and
earnings. 

Any changes in significant judgments and/or
estimates used in determining construction and development revenue could significantly change the timing or amount of construction
and development revenue recognized. Changes in total estimated project costs or losses, if any, are recognized in the period in
which they are determined. 

Full accrual method   

Revenue from the sales of short term development
properties, where the construction period is expected to 18 months or less is recognized by the full accrual method at the time
of the closing of an individual unit sale. This occurs when title to or possession of the property is transferred to the buyer.
A sale is not considered consummated until (a) the parties are bound by the terms of a contract, (b) all consideration
has been exchanged, (c) any permanent financing for which the seller is responsible has been arranged, (d) all conditions
precedent to closing have been performed, (e) the seller does not have substantial continuing involvement with the property,
and (f) the usual risks and rewards of ownership have been transferred to the buyer. Further, the buyer s initial and
continuing investment is adequate to demonstrate a commitment to pay for the property. 

The Company provides  mortgage loan
guarantees  only with respect to buyers who make down-payments of 30%-50% of the total purchase price of the property. The
period of the mortgage loan guarantee begins on the date the bank approves the buyer s mortgage and we receives the loan
proceeds in our bank account and ends on the date the  Certificate of Ownership  evidencing that title to the property
has been transferred to the buyer. The procedures to obtain the Certificate of Ownership take six to twelve months (the  Mortgage
Loan Guarantee Period ).  If, after investigation of the buyer s income and other relevant factors, the bank
decides not to grant the mortgage loan, our mortgage-loan based sales contract terminates and there will be no guarantee obligation.  If,
during the Mortgage Loan Guarantee Period, the buyer defaults on his or her monthly mortgage payment for three consecutive months,
we are required to refund the loan proceeds back to the bank, although we have the right to keep the customer's deposit and resell
the property to a third party.  Once the Certificate of Property has been issued by the relevant government authority,
our loan guarantee terminates.  If the buyer then defaults on his or her mortgage loan, the bank has the right to take
the property back and sell it and use the proceeds to pay off the loan.  The Company is not liable for any shortfall
that the bank may incur in this event. To date, no buyer has defaulted on his or her mortgage payments during the Mortgage Loan
Guarantee Period and the Company has not had to refund any loan proceeds pursuant to its mortgage loan guarantees. 

For municipal road construction projects,
fees are generally recognized by the full accrual method at the time of the projects are completed. 

Use of estimates  

The preparation of financial statements
in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the
consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes, and disclosure of contingent liabilities at the date of the consolidated
financial statements. Estimates are used for, but not limited to, the assumptions and estimates used by management in recognizing
development revenue under the percentage of completion method, the selection of the useful lives of property and equipment, provision
necessary for contingent liabilities, fair values, revenue recognition, deferred taxes, budgeted costs and other similar charges.
Management believes that the estimates utilized in preparing its consolidated financial statements are reasonable and prudent.
Actual results could differ from these estimates. 

Fair value of financial instruments  

The Company follows the provisions of Accounting
Standards Codification ( ASC ) 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures. It clarifies the definition of fair value,
prescribes methods for measuring fair value, and establishes a fair value hierarchy to classify the inputs used in measuring fair
value as follows: 

Level 1-Inputs are unadjusted quoted prices
in active markets for identical assets or liabilities available at the measurement date. 

Level 2-Inputs are unadjusted quoted prices
for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets and liabilities in markets
that are not active, inputs other than quoted prices that are observable, and inputs derived from or corroborated by observable
market data. 

Level 3-Inputs are unobservable inputs
which reflect the reporting entity s own assumptions on what assumptions the market participants would use in pricing the
asset or liability based on the best available information. 

The carrying amounts of cash, restricted cash and all other
current assets, security deposits for land use rights, loans and all current liabilities approximate their fair value based on
the short-term maturity of these instruments. The fair value of the long term customer, construction and security deposits approximate
their carrying amounts because the deposits are received in cash. It was impractical to estimate the fair value of the amount due
from the local government and the long term other loans payable. 

Real estate property development completed
and under development  

Real estate property consists of finished
residential unit sites, commercial offices and residential unit sites under development. The Company leases the land for the residential
unit sites under land use right leases with various terms from the PRC government. The cost of land use rights is included in the
development cost and allocated to each project. Real estate property development completed and real estate property under development
are stated at the lower of cost or fair value. 

Expenditures for land development, including
cost of land use rights, deed tax, pre-development costs, and engineering costs, exclusive of depreciation, are capitalized and
allocated to development projects by the specific identification method. Costs are allocated to specific units within a project
based on the ratio of the sales area of units to the estimated total sales area of the project (or phase of the project) multiplied
by the total cost of the project (or phase of the project). 

Cost of amenities transferred to buyers
is allocated to specific units as a component of total construction cost. The amenity cost includes landscaping, road paving, etc.
Once the projects are completed, the amenities are under control of the property management companies. 

Real estate property development completed
and real estate property under development are reclassified on the balance sheet into current and non-current portions based on
the estimated date of construction completion and sales. The real estate property development completed classification is based
on the estimated date that each property is expected to be sold within the Company s normal operating cycle of the business
and the Company s sales plan. Real estate property development completed is classified as a current asset if the property
is expected to be sold within the normal operating cycle of the business. Otherwise, it is classified as a non-current asset. Real
estate property under development is classified as a current asset, if the property is reasonably expected to be completed within
the Company s normal operating cycle of the business. Otherwise, it is classified as a non-current asset. The majority of
real estate projects the Company has completed in the past were multi-layer or sub-high-rise real estate projects. The Company
considers its normal operating cycle is 12 months. 

In accordance with ASC 360,  Property,
Plant and Equipment  ( ASC 360 ), real estate property development completed and under development are subject
to valuation adjustments when the carrying amount exceeds fair value. An impairment loss is recognized only if the carrying amount
of the assets is not recoverable and exceeds fair value. The carrying amount is not recoverable if it exceeds the sum of the undiscounted
cash flows expected to be generated by the assets. The Company reviewed all of its real estate projects for future losses and impairment
by comparing the estimated future undiscounted cash flows for each project to the carrying value of such project. For the years
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company did not recognize any impairment for real estate property under development and
completed. 

Capitalization of Interest  

Interest incurred during and directly related
to real estate development projects is capitalized to the related real estate property under development during the active
development period, which generally commences when borrowings are used to acquire real estate assets and ends when the properties
are substantially complete or the property becomes inactive. Interest is capitalized based on the interest rate applicable to specific
borrowings or the weighted average of the rates applicable to other borrowings during the period. Interest capitalized to real
estate property under development is expensed as a component of cost of real estate sales when related units are sold. All
other interest is expensed as incurred. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures about Market Risk  

Not applicable. 

Item 8.  Financial Statements
and Supplementary Data  

CHINA HGS REAL ESTATE INC.  

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM  

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders 

 China HGS Real Estate Inc. 

We have audited
the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of China HGS Real Estate Inc. (the  Company ) as of September 30, 2016
and 2015, and the related consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income (loss), stockholders  equity and cash
flows  for the years then ended . The Company s management is responsible for these consolidated
financial statements. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits.  

We conducted our audits in accordance with
the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform
the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audits
included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate
in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control
over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining, on a test basis, evidence
supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates
made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable
basis for our opinion. 

In our opinion,
the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the
Company as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, and the results of its operations and its cash flows  for the years then ended,
 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.  

/s/ Friedman LLP 

New York, New York 

 December 21, 2016 

CHINA HGS REAL ESTATE INC.  

  CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements 

CHINA HGS REAL ESTATE INC.  

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME AND
COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)  

  FOR THE YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30,  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements 

CHINA HGS REAL ESTATE INC.  

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS'
EQUITY  

  FOR THE YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016
AND 2015  

* For the year ended September 30, 2016,
Shaanxi Guangsha Investment and Development Group Co., Ltd ( Guangsha ), the VIE of the Company, had a recapitalization.
The VIE s accumulated retained earnings and statutory reserve were reclassified to additional paid   in capital in
the consolidated financial statements. 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statement 

CHINA HGS REAL ESTATE INC.  

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  

  FOR THE YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30,  

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these consolidated financial statements 

NOTE 1. ORGANIZATION AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION  

China HGS Real Estate Inc. (the  Company 
or  China HGS  or  we ,  our ,  us ) is a corporation organized under the
laws of the State of Florida. 

China HGS does not conduct any substantive
operations of its own. Instead, through its subsidiary, Shaanxi HGS Management and Consulting Co., Ltd ( Shaanxi HGS ),
it entered into certain exclusive contractual agreements with the management of the Company s PRC operating subsidiary, Shaanxi
Guangsha Investment and Development Group Co., Ltd ( Guangsha ). Pursuant to these agreements, Shaanxi HGS is obligated
to absorb a majority of the risk of loss from Guangsha s activities and entitles Shaanxi HGS to receive a majority of Guangsha s
expected residual returns. In addition, Guangsha s shareholders have pledged their equity interest in Guangsha to Shaanxi
HGS, irrevocably granted Shaanxi HGS an exclusive option to purchase, to the extent permitted under PRC Law, all or part of the
equity interests in Guangsha and agreed to entrust all the rights to exercise their voting power to the person(s) appointed by
Shaanxi HGS. 

Based on these contractual arrangements,
management believes that Guangsha should be considered a  Variable Interest Entity  ( VIE ) under ASC 810
 Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities, an Interpretation of ARB No. 51 , because the equity investors in Guangsha
no longer have the characteristics of a controlling financial interest, and the Company, through Shaanxi HGS, is the primary beneficiary
of Guangsha. Accordingly, Guangsha has been consolidated under ASC 810. 

The Company, through its subsidiaries and
VIE, engages in real estate development, in the construction and sale of residential apartments, parking lots and commercial properties.
Total assets and liabilities presented on the consolidated balance sheets and sales, cost of sales, net income presented on Consolidated
Statement of Income and Comprehensive Income as well as the cash flow from operation, investing and financing activities presented
on the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows are substantially the financial position, operation and cash flow of Guangsha. The
Company has not provided any financial support to Guangsha for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

The following assets and liabilities of
the consolidated VIE are included in the accompanying consolidated financial statements of the Company as of September 30, 2016
and 2015: 

NOTE 2.  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES  

Principles of consolidation  

The Company s consolidated financial
statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( U.S.
GAAP ). 

The consolidated financial statements include
the accounts of China HGS Real Estate Inc. (the  Company  or  China HGS ), China HGS Investment Inc. ( HGS
Investment ), Shaanxi HGS Management and Consulting Co., Ltd. ( Shaanxi HGS ) and its variable interest entity
( VIE ), Shaanxi Guangsha Investment and Development Group Co., Ltd. ( Guangsha ). All inter-company transactions
and balances between the Company and its subsidiaries have been eliminated upon consolidation. 

Revenue recognition  

Percentage of Completion method   

Real estate sales for the long term real
estate projects are recognized under percentage completion method in accordance with the provisions of ASC 360-20-40D  Sale
of Condominium Units . Revenue and profit from the sales of long term development properties is recognized by the percentage
of completion method on the sale of individual units when all the following criteria are met: 

a.  Construction is beyond a preliminary stage.   

b.  The buyer is committed to the extent of being unable to require a refund except for non-delivery of the unit or interest.   

c.  Sufficient units have already been sold to assure that the entire property will not revert to rental property.   

d.  Sales prices are collectible.   

e.  Aggregate sales proceeds and costs can be reasonably estimated.   

If any of the above criteria is not met,
proceeds shall be accounted for as deposits until the criteria are met. 

Under the percentage of completion method,
revenues from condominium units sold and related costs are recognized over the course of the construction period, based on the
completion progress of a project. In relation to any project, revenue is determined by calculating the ratio of incurred costs,
including land use rights costs and construction costs, to total estimated costs and applying that ratio to the contracted sales
amounts. Cost of sales is recognized by determining the ratio of contracted sales during the period to total estimated sales
value, and applying that ratio to the incurred costs. Current period amounts are calculated based on the difference between the
life-to-date project totals and the previously recognized amounts. 

Any changes in significant judgments and/or
estimates used in determining construction and development revenue could significantly change the timing or amount of construction
and development revenue recognized. Changes in total estimated project costs or losses, if any, are recognized in the period in
which they are determined.  

NOTE 2.  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)  

Revenue recognition (continued)  

Full accrual method   

Revenue from the sales of short term development
properties, where the construction period is expected to 18 months or less is recognized by the full accrual method at the time
of the closing of an individual unit sale. This occurs when title to or possession of the property is transferred to the buyer.
A sale is not considered consummated until (a) the parties are bound by the terms of a contract, (b) all consideration
has been exchanged, (c) any permanent financing for which the seller is responsible has been arranged, (d) all conditions
precedent to closing have been performed, (e) the seller does not have substantial continuing involvement with the property,
and (f) the usual risks and rewards of ownership have been transferred to the buyer. Further, the buyer s initial and
continuing investment is adequate to demonstrate a commitment to pay for the property. 

The Company provides  mortgage loan
guarantees  only with respect to buyers who make down-payments of 30%-50% of the total purchase price of the property. The
period of the mortgage loan guarantee begins on the date the bank approves the buyer s mortgage and we receives the loan
proceeds in our bank account and ends on the date the  Certificate of Ownership  evidencing that title to the property
has been transferred to the buyer. The procedures to obtain the Certificate of Ownership take six to twelve months (the  Mortgage
Loan Guarantee Period ).  If, after investigation of the buyer s income and other relevant factors, the bank
decides not to grant the mortgage loan, our mortgage-loan based sales contract terminates and there will be no guarantee obligation.  If,
during the Mortgage Loan Guarantee Period, the buyer defaults on his or her monthly mortgage payment for three consecutive months,
we are required to refund the loan proceeds back to the bank, although we have the right to keep the customer's deposit and resell
the property to a third party.  Once the Certificate of Property has been issued by the relevant government authority,
our loan guarantee terminates.  If the buyer then defaults on his or her mortgage loan, the bank has the right to take
the property back and sell it and use the proceeds to pay off the loan.  The Company is not liable for any shortfall
that the bank may incur in this event. To date, no buyer has defaulted on his or her mortgage payments during the Mortgage Loan
Guarantee Period and the Company has not had to refund any loan proceeds pursuant to its mortgage loan guarantees. 

For municipal road construction projects,
fees are generally recognized by the full accrual method at the time of the projects are completed. 

Use of estimates  

The preparation of financial statements
in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the
consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes, and disclosure of contingent liabilities at the date of the consolidated
financial statements. Estimates are used for, but not limited to, the assumptions and estimates used by management in recognizing
development revenue under the percentage of completion method, the selection of the useful lives of property and equipment, provision
necessary for contingent liabilities, revenue recognition, taxes, budgeted costs, share-based compensation and other similar charges.
Management believes that the estimates utilized in preparing its consolidated financial statements are reasonable and prudent.
Actual results could differ from these estimates. 

NOTE 2.  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)  

EFFECT OF CHANGE IN ESTIMATE  

Changes of estimated gross profit margins
related to revenue recognized under the percentage of completion method are made in the period in which circumstances requiring
the revisions become known. For the year end September 30, 2016, real estate development projects with gross profits recognized
in 2015 had changes in their estimated revenue and related gross profit margins. The Company reduced its prior estimates related
to selling prices and total estimated sales values which led to an increase in the recognized costs of sales under percentage completion
revenue recognition approach. As a result of these changes in gross profit margins, net income for the year ended September 30,
2016 decreased by $3,940,964 (2015   $1,500,119) and basic and diluted earnings per share for the year ended September 30,
2016 decreased by $0.09 (2015 - $0.03). 

Fair value of financial instruments  

The Company follows the provisions of Accounting
Standards Codification ( ASC ) 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures. It clarifies the definition of fair value,
prescribes methods for measuring fair value, and establishes a fair value hierarchy to classify the inputs used in measuring fair
value as follows: 

Level 1-Inputs are unadjusted quoted prices
in active markets for identical assets or liabilities available at the measurement date. 

Level 2-Inputs are unadjusted quoted prices
for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets and liabilities in markets
that are not active, inputs other than quoted prices that are observable, and inputs derived from or corroborated by observable
market data. 

Level 3-Inputs are unobservable inputs
which reflect the reporting entity s own assumptions on what assumptions the market participants would use in pricing the
asset or liability based on the best available information. 

The carrying amounts of cash, restricted cash and all other
current assets, security deposits for land use rights, loans and all current liabilities approximate their fair value based on
the short-term maturity of these instruments. The fair value of the long term customer, construction and security deposits approximate
their carrying amounts because the deposits are received in cash. It was impractical to estimate the fair value of the amount due
from the local government and the long term other loans payable. 

Foreign currency translation  

The Company s financial information
is presented in U.S. dollars. The functional currency of the Company s operating subsidiaries is Renminbi ( RMB ),
the currency of the PRC. The consolidated financial statements of the Company have been translated into U.S. dollars in accordance
with ASC 830-30  Translation of Financial Statements . The financial information is first prepared in RMB and then
is translated into U.S. dollars at year-end exchange rates as to assets and liabilities and average exchange rates as to revenue
and expenses. Capital accounts are translated at their historical exchange rates when the capital transactions occurred. The effects
of foreign currency translation adjustments are included as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income in stockholders 
equity. 

NOTE 2.  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)  

Foreign currency translation (continued)  

The RMB is not freely convertible into
foreign currency and all foreign exchange transactions must take place through authorized institutions. No representation is made
that the RMB amounts could have been, or could be, converted into U.S. dollars at the rates used in translation. 

Cash   

Cash includes cash on hand and demand deposits
in accounts maintained with commercial banks within the PRC. The Company considers all highly liquid investments with original
maturities of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. The Company maintains bank accounts in the PRC. Cash
balances in bank accounts in PRC are not insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or other programs. 

Restricted Cash  

The restricted cash is required by the
banks as collateral for mortgage loans given to the home buyers before obtaining the certificates of ownership of the properties
as collateral. In order to provide the banks with the certificates of ownership, the Company is required to complete certain procedures
with the Chinese government, which normally takes six to twelve months. Because the banks provide the loan proceeds to the Company
without obtaining certificates of ownership as loan collateral during this six to twelve months  period, the mortgage banks
require the Company to maintain, as restricted cash, 5% to 10% of the mortgage proceeds as security for the Company s obligations
under such guarantees. The restricted cash is released by the banks once they receive the certificates of ownership. These deposits
are not covered by insurance. The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts and management believes its restricted
cash account is not exposed to any risks. 

Advances to vendors  

Advances to vendors consist of balances
paid to contractors and vendors for services and materials that have not been provided or received and generally relate to the
development and construction of residential and commercial units in the PRC. Advances to vendors are reviewed periodically to determine
whether their carrying value has become impaired. Historically, the Company has not experienced any losses as a result of these
advances. 

Security deposits for land use rights

Security deposits for land use rights consist
of the deposit held by the PRC government for the purchase of land use rights and the deposit held by an unrelated party to transfer
its land use rights to the Company. The deposits will be reclassified to real estate property under development upon the transfers
of legal title. 

Real estate property development completed
and under development  

Real estate property consists of finished
residential unit sites, commercial offices and residential unit sites under development. The Company leases the land for the residential
unit sites under land use right leases with various terms from the PRC government. The cost of land use rights is included in the
development cost and allocated to each project. Real estate property development completed and real estate property under development
are stated at the lower of cost or fair value. 

NOTE 2.  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)  

Real estate property development completed
and under development (continued)  

Expenditures for land development, including
cost of land use rights, deed tax, pre-development costs, and engineering costs, exclusive of depreciation, are capitalized and
allocated to development projects by the specific identification method. Costs are allocated to specific units within a project
based on the ratio of the sales area of units to the estimated total sales area of the project (or phase of the project) multiplied
by the total cost of the project (or phase of the project). 

Cost of amenities transferred to buyers
is allocated to specific units as a component of total construction cost. The amenity cost includes landscaping, road paving, etc.
Once the projects are completed, the amenities are under control of the property management companies. Real estate property development
completed and real estate property under development are reclassified on the balance sheet into current and non-current portions
based on the estimated date of construction completion and sales. The real estate property development completed classification
is based on the estimated date that each property is expected to be sold within the Company s normal operating cycle of the
business and the Company s sales plan. Real estate property development completed is classified as a current asset if the
property is expected to be sold within the normal operating cycle of the business. Otherwise, it is classified as a non-current
asset. The majority of real estate projects the Company has completed in the past were multi-layer or sub-high-rise real estate
projects. The Company considers its normal operating cycle is 12 months. 

In accordance with ASC 360,  Property,
Plant and Equipment  ( ASC 360 ), real estate property development completed and under development are subject
to valuation adjustments when the carrying amount exceeds fair value. An impairment loss is recognized only if the carrying amount
of the assets is not recoverable and exceeds fair value. The carrying amount is not recoverable if it exceeds the sum of the undiscounted
cash flows expected to be generated by the assets. The Company reviewed all of its real estate projects for future losses and impairment
by comparing the estimated future undiscounted cash flows for each project to the carrying value of such project. For the years
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company did not recognize any impairment for real estate property under development and
completed. 

Capitalization of Interest  

Interest incurred during and directly related
to real estate development projects is capitalized to the related real estate property under development during the active
development period, which generally commences when borrowings are used to acquire real estate assets and ends when the properties
are substantially complete or the property becomes inactive. Interest is capitalized based on the interest rate applicable to specific
borrowings or the weighted average of the rates applicable to other borrowings during the period. Interest capitalized to real
estate property under development is expensed as a component of cost of real estate sales when related units are sold. All
other interest is expensed as incurred. For the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the total interest capitalized in the
real estate property development was $3,410,529 and $3,064,621, respectively. 

NOTE 2.  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)  

Property, Plant and equipment, net  

Property, plant and equipment are recorded
at cost less accumulated depreciation and any impairment losses.  The cost of an asset comprises its purchase price and
any directly attributable costs of bringing the asset to its working condition and location for its intended use.  Expenditure
incurred after the fixed assets have been put into operation, such as repairs and maintenance and overhaul costs, is normally expensed
in the year in which it is incurred. 

Depreciation is computed using the straight-line
method over the estimated useful lives of the assets, less any estimated residual value.  Estimated useful lives of the
assets are as follows: 

Buildings 
       
     39 years  
 
     Machinery and office equipment 
       
     5-10 years  
 
     Vehicles 
       
     8 years  

Any gain or loss on disposal or retirement
of a fixed asset is recognized in the profit and loss account and is the difference between the net sales proceeds and the net
carrying amount of the asset. When property and equipment are retired or otherwise disposed of, the asset and accumulated depreciation
are removed from the accounts and the resulting profit or loss is reflected in income. 

Maintenance, repairs and minor renewals
are charged directly to expense as incurred unless such expenditures extend the useful life or represent a betterment, in which
case they are capitalized. 

Impairment of long-lived assets  

In accordance with ASC 360,  Accounting
for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets , the Company is required to review its long-lived assets for impairment
whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable through the estimated
undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the assets. Whenever any such impairment exists,
an impairment loss will be recognized for the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the fair value. 

Assets are grouped and evaluated at the
lowest level for their identifiable cash flows that are largely independent of the cash flows of other groups of assets. The Company
considers historical performance and future estimated results in its evaluation of potential impairment and then compares the carrying
amount of the asset to the future estimated cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset. If the carrying amount of
the asset exceeds estimated expected undiscounted future cash flows, the Company measures the amount of impairment by comparing
the carrying amount of the asset to its fair value. The estimation of fair value is generally determined by using the asset's expected
future discounted cash flows or market value. The Company estimates fair value of the assets based on certain assumptions such
as budgets, internal projections, and other available information as considered necessary. There is no impairment of long-lived
assets for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Customer deposits  

Customer deposits consist of amounts received
from customers relating to the sale of residential units in the PRC. In the PRC, customers will generally obtain permanent financing
for the purchase of their residential unit prior to the completion of the project. The lending institution will provide the funding
to the Company upon the completion of the financing rather than the completion of the project. The Company receives these funds
and recognizes them as a liability until the revenue can be recognized. 

NOTE 2.  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)  

Property warranty  

The Company provides its customers with
warranties which cover major defects of building structure and certain fittings and facilities of properties sold. The warranty
period varies from two years to five years, depending on different property components the warranty covers. The Company continually
estimates potential costs for materials and labor with regard to warranty-type claims expected to be incurred subsequent to the
delivery of a property. Reserves are determined based on historical data and trends with respect to similar property types and
geographical areas. The Company continually monitors the warranty reserve and makes adjustments to its pre-existing warranties,
if any, in order to reflect changes in trends and historical data as information becomes available. The Company may seek further
recourse against its contractors or any related third parties if it can be proved that the faults are caused by them. In addition,
the Company also withholds up to 2% of the contract cost from sub-contractors for periods of two to five years. These amounts are
included in construction deposits, and are only paid to the extent that there has been no warranty claim against the Company relating
to the work performed or materials supplied by the subcontractors. For the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company
had not recognized any warranty costs in excess of the amount retained from subcontractors and therefore, no warranty reserve is
considered necessary at the balance sheet dates. 

Construction Deposits  

Construction deposits are the warranty
deposits the real estate contractors provide to the Company upon signing the construction contracts. The Company can use such deposits
to reimburse customers in the event of customer claims due to construction defects.  The remaining balance of the deposits
are returned to the contractors when the terms of the after-sale property warranty expires, which normally occurs within two to
five years after the date of the deposit. 

Stock-based compensation  

Share-based payment transactions are measured
based on the grant-date fair value of the equity instrument issued and recognized as compensation expense over the requisite service
period, or vesting period. 

Forfeitures to be estimated at the time
of grant and revised, if necessary, in the subsequent period if actual forfeitures differ from initial estimates. Forfeiture rate
is estimated based on historical and future expectation of employee turnover rate and are adjusted to reflect future change in
circumstances and facts, if any. Share-based compensation expense is recorded net of estimated forfeitures such that expense was
recorded only for those stock options and common stock awards that are expected to vest.  

Income taxes  

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are
for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the financial statements or tax returns. Under this
method, deferred income taxes are recognized for the tax consequences in future years of differences between the tax bases of assets
and liabilities and their financial reporting amounts at each period end based on enacted tax laws and statutory tax rates applicable
to the periods in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income. Valuation allowances are established, when necessary,
to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. 

ASC 740-10-25 prescribes a more-likely-than-not
threshold for consolidated financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken (or expected to be taken) in
a tax return. It also provides guidance on the recognition of income tax assets and liabilities, classification of current and
deferred income tax assets and liabilities, accounting for interest and penalties associated with tax positions, years open for
tax examination, accounting for income taxes in interim periods and income tax disclosures. There are no material uncertain tax
positions as of September 30, 2016 and 2015.  

NOTE 2.  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)  

Income taxes (continued)  

The Company is a corporation organized
under the laws of the State of Florida. However, all of the Company s operations are conducted solely by its subsidiaries
in the PRC.  No income is earned in the United States and the management does not repatriate any earnings outside the
PRC.  As a result, the Company did not generate any U.S. taxable income for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.
As of September 30, 2016, the Chinese entities  income tax returns filed in China for the years ended December 31, 2015,
2014, 2013, 2012 and 2011 are subject to examination by the Chinese taxing authorities. 

As of September 30, 2016, the tax years
ended September 30, 2008 through September 30, 2016 for the Company s PRC entities remain open for statutory examination
by PRC tax authorities. The parent Company China HGS Real Estate Inc. s tax years ended September 30, 2012 through September
30, 2016 remains open for statutory examination by U.S. tax authorities. 

Land appreciation tax ( LAT )  

In accordance with the relevant taxation
laws in the PRC, the Company is subject to LAT based on progressive rates ranging from 30% to 60% on the appreciation of land value,
which is calculated as the proceeds of sales of properties less deductible expenditures including borrowing costs and all property
development expenditures. LAT is exempted if the appreciation values do not exceed certain thresholds specified in the relevant
tax laws. 

The whole project must be completed before
the LAT obligation can be assessed. Accordingly, the Company should record the liability and the total related expense at the completion
of a project unless the tax authorities impose an assessment at an earlier date.  The methods to implement this tax law
vary among different geographic areas. Hanzhong, where the project Mingzhu Garden, Nandajie and Central Plaza are located, implements
this tax rule by requiring real estate companies prepay the LAT based upon customer deposits received. The tax rate in Hanzhong
is 1%. Yang County, where the project Yangzhou Pearl Garden and Yangzhou Palace are located, requires a tax rate of 0.5%. 

Comprehensive income  

In accordance with ASC 220-10-55, comprehensive
income (loss) is defined as all changes in equity except those resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.
The Company s only components of comprehensive income (loss) for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were net income
and foreign currency translation adjustments. 

Advertising expenses  

Advertising costs are expensed as incurred.
For the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recorded advertising expenses of $591,390 and $338,115, respectively.  

NOTE 2.  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)  

Basic and diluted earnings per share  

The Company computes earnings per share
( EPS ) in accordance with the ASC 260,  Earnings per share , which requires companies to present basic
and diluted EPS. Basic EPS is measured as net income divided by the weighted average common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted
EPS is similar to basic EPS but presents the dilutive effect on a per share basis of potential common shares (e.g., convertible
securities, options and warrants) as if they had been converted at the beginning of the periods presented, or issuance date, if
later. Potential common shares that have an anti-dilutive effect (i.e., those that increase income per share or decrease loss
per share) are excluded from the calculation of diluted EPS. 

The following table presents a reconciliation
of basic and diluted net income per share: 

Concentration risk  

The Company's operations are carried out
in the PRC. Accordingly, the Company's business, financial condition and results of operations may be influenced by the political,
economic and legal environment in the PRC, and by the general state of the PRC's economy. The Company's operations in the PRC are
subject to specific considerations and significant risks not typically associated with companies in North America. The Company's
results may be adversely affected by changes in governmental policies with respect to laws and regulations, anti-inflationary measures,
currency conversion and remittance abroad, and rates and methods of taxation, among other things. Financial instruments which potentially
subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash and trade accounts receivable. All of the Company s
cash is maintained with state-owned banks within the People s Republic of China of which no deposits are covered by insurance.
The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts and believes it is not exposed to any risks on its cash in bank accounts 

The Company is dependent on third-party
sub-contractors, manufacturers, and distributors for all construction services and supply of construction materials. For the year
ended September 30, 2016, two suppliers accounted for 22% and 17% of the total project expenditure, respectively. For the year
ended September 30, 2015, three suppliers accounted for 23%, 21% and 17% of the total project expenditure, respectively. 

NOTE 2.  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)  

Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

In January 2016, the FASB has issued Accounting
Standards Update (ASU) No. 2016-01, Financial Instruments   Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement of Financial
Assets and Financial Liabilities. The new guidance is intended to improve the recognition and measurement of financial instruments.
The new guidance makes targeted improvements to existing U.S. GAAP by: (1) requiring equity investments (except those accounted
for under the equity method of accounting, or those that result in consolidation of the investee) to be measured at fair value
with changes in fair value recognized in net income. Requiring public business entities to use the exit price notion when measuring
the fair value of financial instruments for disclosure purposes; (2) Requiring separate presentation of financial assets and financial
liabilities by measurement category and form of financial asset (i.e., securities or loans and receivables) on the balance sheet
or the accompanying notes to the financial statements; (3) Eliminating the requirement for public business entities to disclose
the method(s) and significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value that is required to be disclosed for financial instruments
measured at amortized cost on the balance sheet; and. (4) Requiring a reporting organization to present separately in other comprehensive
income the portion of the total change in the fair value of a liability resulting from a change in the instrument-specific credit
risk (also referred to as  own credit ) when the organization has elected to measure the liability at fair value in
accordance with the fair value option for financial instruments. The new guidance is effective for public companies for fiscal
years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company is currently evaluating
the impact of this update on its consolidated financial statements. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02, Leases
(Topic 842), which supersedes the existing guidance for lease accounting, Leases (Topic 840). ASU 2016-02 requires lessees
to recognize leases on their balance sheets, and leaves lessor accounting largely unchanged. The amendments in this ASU are effective
for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018 and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early application is permitted
for all entities. ASU 2016-02 requires a modified retrospective approach for all leases existing at, or entered into after, the
date of initial application, with an option to elect to use certain transition relief. The Company is currently evaluating the
impact of this new standard on its consolidated financial statements. 

In April 2016, the FASB released ASU 2016-09,
Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting. The ASU includes multiple
provisions intended to simplify various aspects of the accounting for share-based payments. While aimed at reducing the cost and
complexity of the accounting for share-based payments, the amendments are expected to significantly impact net income, EPS, and
the statement of cash flows. Implementation and administration may present challenges for companies with significant share-based
payment activities. The ASU is effective for public companies in annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim
periods within those years. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this new standard on its consolidated financial statements. 

In May 2016, FASB issued ASU No. 2016-12 Revenue
from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606); Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients, which is intended to not change
the core principle of the guidance in Topic 606, but rather affect only the narrow aspects of Topic 606 by reducing the potential
for diversity in practice at initial application and by reducing the cost and complexity of applying Topic 606 both at transition
and on an ongoing basis.  The Company is assessing the impact of the adoption of the ASU on its unaudited financial statements,
disclosure requirements and methods of adoption. 

NOTE 2.  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)  

Recent Accounting Pronouncements   continued  

In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU No.
2016 15, Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments, to provide guidance  on
the presentation and classification of certain cash receipts and cash payments on the statement of cash flows. The guidance specifically
addresses cash flow issues with the objective of reducing the diversity in practice. The guidance will be effective for the Company
in fiscal year 2018, but early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this new standard on its
consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.  

In
October 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-17, Consolidation (Topic 810): Interest Held through Related Parties That Are under
Common Control, to provide guidance on the evaluation of whether a reporting entity is the primary beneficiary of a VIE by amending
how a reporting entity, that is a single decision maker of a VIE, treats indirect interests in that entity held through related
parties that are under common control. The amendments are effective for public business entities for fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal years. For all other entities, the amendments are effective for
fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017. Early
adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim period. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this new standard
on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.  

In
November 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-18,  Statement of Cash Flows: Restricted Cash . The amendments address diversity
in practice that exists in the classification and presentation of changes in restricted cash on the statement of cash flows. The
amendment is effective for public companies for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within
those fiscal years. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this new standard on its consolidated financial statements.  

NOTE 3.  REAL ESTATE PROPERTY
COMPLETED AND UNDER DEVELOPMENT  

The following summarizes the components
of real estate property completed and under development as of September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

(b)  In September 2013, the Company entered into an agreement
( Liangzhou Agreement ) with the Hanzhong local government on the Liangzhou Road reformation and expansion project
(Liangzhou Road Project ). Pursuant to the agreement, the Company is contracted to reform and expand the Liangzhou Road,
a commercial street in downtown Hanzhong City, with a total length of 2,080 meters and width of 30 meters and to resettle the
existing residences in the Liangzhou road area. The government s original road construction budget was approximately $33
million in accordance with the Liangzhou Agreement. The Company, in return, is being compensated by the local government to have
an exclusive right on acquiring at least 394.5 Mu land use rights in a specified location of Hanzhong City. The Liangzhou Road
Project s road construction started at the end of 2013. In 2014, the original scope and budget on the Liangzhou road reformation
and expansion project was extended, because the local government included more area and resettlement residences into the project,
which resulted in additional investments from the Company. In return, the Company is authorized by the local government to develop
and manage the commercial and residential properties surrounding the Liangzhou Road project. Due to the extension, the Company
expected the road construction to be completed and approved by the local government in the early 2017. 

NOTE 3.  REAL ESTATE PROPERTY
COMPLETED AND UNDER DEVELOPMENT (continued)  

The Company s development
cost incurred on Liangzhou Road Project is treated as the Company s deposit on purchasing the related land use rights, as
agreed by the local government. As of September 30, 2016, the actual costs incurred by the Company were $117,226,429 (September
30, 2015 - $85,069,755) and the incremental cost related to residence resettlement approved by the local government. The Company
determined that the Company s Investment in Liangzhou Road Project in exchange for interests in future land use rights is
a barter transaction with commercial substance. For the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company received government s
subsidies of $Nil and $9,439,183 for its Shanty Area Reform Project surrounding Liang Zhou Road located in Hantai District, Hanzhong
City, respectively and the Company recorded the subsidies to offset against the development cost of Liangzhou Road Project. 

(c)  In September 2012, the Company was approved by the Hanzhong local government to construct four
municipal roads with a total length of approximately 1,192 meters. The project was deferred and then restarted during the quarter
ended March 31, 2014. As of September 30, 2016, the Company is waiting for the local government s assessment and planning
for the scope and budget for these projects.   

(d)  The Company was engaged by the Yang County local government to construct the East 2nd Ring Road
with a total length of 2.15 km and a budgeted price of approximately $25.2 million (or RMB 168 million), which was approved by
the local Yang County government in March 2014. The local government is required to repay the Company s project investment
costs within 3 years with interest at the interest rate based on the commercial borrowing rate with the similar term published
by China construction bank (September 30, 2016 - 4.75% and September 30, 2015   5%). The local government has approved a
refund to the Company by reducing local surcharges or taxes otherwise required in the real estate development. The load construction
is expected to be completed by 2017   

(e)  For the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company received government s subsidies
in the amount of $3,153,544 and $Nil for its Shanty Area Reform Project surrounding Beidajie Project located in Hantai District,
Hanzhong City, respectively and the Company recorded the subsidies to offset against the development cost of Beidajie project.   

As of September 30, 2016 and 2015, land
use rights included in real estate property under development totaled $19,568,460 and $39,929,072, respectively. 

NOTE 4.  PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT, NET  

As of September 30, 2016 and 2015, property,
plant and equipment was as follows: 

Depreciation expense for the years ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $74,723 and $83,701, respectively. 

NOTE 5. RECEIVABLE FROM LOCAL GOVERNMENT
  LONG-TERM  

In June 2012, the Company was approved
by Hanzhong local government to construct two municipal roads with total length of 1,064.09 meters. The budgeted price for these
two municipal roads is approximately $2.9 million which was approved by the Hanzhong Ministry of Finance. The Company completed
and delivered these two roads to the local government on March 21, 2014 with local government s approval. The Company recognized
such revenue during the year ended September 30, 2014. As of September 30, 2016, a receivable from the Hanzhong local government
of $2,920,990 was classified as long term on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets (September 30, 2015 - $3,065,000) because
the Company expected to realize the receivable to offset municipal surcharges from local government for the Liangzhou road related
projects in 2017 and a later time. 

NOTE 6. SECURITY DEPOSITS  

As of September 30, 2016 and 2015, security
deposits were as follows: 

(2)  In connection with financing from Hanzhong Urban Construction Investment Development Co., Ltd (
See note 8), the Company was required to provide a security deposit for the loan received. As of September 30, 2016, the security
deposit balances were $4,941,726 (September 30, 2015 - $Nil) for other loan with Hanzhong Urban Construction Investment Development
Co., Ltd.   

NOTE 7. BANK LOAN  

On August 23, 2013, the Company entered
into a project finance loan agreement (the  Loan Agreement ) with China Construction Bank, Hanzhong Branch (the  Bank )
for development of the Company s Mingzhu Beiyuan project and was fully repaid as of September 30, 2016. 

The average interest rate of the loan was
5% as of September 30, 2016 and 5.5% as of September 30, 2015. For the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, total loan interest
was $137,962 and $952,083, respectively. Interest expense incurred in fiscal 2016 were included in the interest expense, because
the Mingzhu Beiyuan project has been completed by September 30, 2015. Interest incurred in fiscal 2015 was capitalized in to the
development cost of Mingzhu Garden   Mingzhu Beiyuan project Phase II. 

NOTE 8. OTHER LOANS  

NOTE 8. OTHER LOANS
(continued)  

(iv)  On January 8, 2016, the Company signed a loan agreement with Hanzhong Municipal Housing Provident
Fund Management Center ( Housing Fund ) to borrow up to approximately $11,993,643 (RMB 80,000,000) on development of
Oriental Garden related projects. The loan carries interest at 3.575% per year and is due in January 2019. The Company s
major shareholder Mr. Xiaojun Zhu pledged his personal assets as collateral for the loan. As of September 30, 2016, the Company
received all the proceeds from Housing Fund. The progress repayment is required based on certain sales milestones or a fixed repayment
schedule starting in July 2018. The Housing Fund has rights to monitor the project s future cash flow. For years ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, total interest was $290,653 and $Nil, respectively, which was capitalized in to the development cost of Oriental
Garden project. The full amount of loan has following repayment schedule:   

NOTE 9.  CUSTOMER DEPOSITS  

Customer deposits consist of amounts received
from customers for the pre-sale of residential units in the PRC. The details of customer deposits are as follows: 

Customer deposits are typically 10% - 20%
of the unit price for those customers who purchase properties in cash and 30%-50% of the unit price for those customers who purchase
properties with mortgages. Buyers with mortgage loans pay customer deposits. The banks provide the balance of the funding to the
Company upon consummation of the sales. The banks hold the properties as collateral for customers  mortgage loans. If the
customers default, the bank will repossess the collateral properties. Except during the Mortgage Loan Guarantee Period of approximately
six to twelve months, the banks have no recourse to the Company for customers  defaults. As of September 30, 2016 and 2015,
approximately $1.5 million and $1.7 million was guaranteed by the Company, respectively. 

NOTE 10. RELATED PARTY LOANS  

a.  The Company has a one year loan agreement ( USD
Loan Agreement ) with Mr. Xiaojun Zhu, our Chairman, CEO and major shareholder ( Mr. Zhu ), pursuant to which
the Company borrowed $1,810,000 to make a capital injection into Shaanxi HGS, the Company s subsidiary. The interest
rate for the loan is 4% per annum and the loan matured on July 19, 2014. The Company entered into the amendments to
the USD Loan Agreement to extend the term until July 31, 2017. The Company recorded interest of $72,400 for each of the years
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. The Company has not yet paid this interest and it is recorded in accrued expenses in the accompanying
consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

b.  On December 31, 2013, Shaanxi Guangsha Investment and
Development Group Co., Ltd. (the  Guangsha ), the Company's PRC operating subsidiary, entered into a loan agreement
with the Chairman (the  Shareholder RMB Loan Agreement ), pursuant to which Guangsha is able to borrow from Mr. Zhu
in order to support the Company s Liang Shan Road construction project development and the Company s working capital
needs. The Loan Agreement has a one-year term, and has been renewed with a new expiration date of June 30, 2017, with at an interest
rate of 4.35% per year. The RMB loan balance as of September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $899,523 and $Nil, respectively. For the years
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the interest was $40,172 and $240,687, respectively, which is capitalized in the development
cost of Liangzhou road project. 

NOTE 11. STOCK OPTIONS  

On August 22, 2015, the Company s
Board of Directors granted stock options to two new independent directors to repurchase up to an aggregate of 120,000 shares of
the Company s common stock ( 2015 Stock Options).  The shares underlying the options become excisable during
the following 36 months period at the end of each quarter. The exercise price of the options is $1.89 per share. As of September
30, 2016 and 2015, 36.1% and 2.8% of the option awards have vested, respectively. 

The assumptions used in calculating the
fair value of options granted using the Black-Scholes option pricing model are as follows: 

NOTE 11. STOCK OPTIONS (continued)  

The Company uses the Black-Scholes option-pricing
model, which incorporates various assumptions including volatility, expected life and interest rates to determine fair value. The
Company s expected volatility assumption is based on the historical volatility of Company s stock. The expected life
assumption is primarily based on the simplified method due to the Company s limited option exercise behavior. The risk-free
interest rate for the expected term of the option is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant.
The following table summarizes the stock option activities of the Company: 

* options expired for the years ended September
30, 2016. 

Stock-based compensation expense recognized
in the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $59,600 and $4,967, respectively. As of September 30, 2016 and 2015, there was
$114,233 and $173,833 unrecognized compensation cost related to stock option awards that are expected to be recognized. 

NOTE 12. TAXES  

(A) Business sales tax and VAT  

The Company is subject to a 5% business
sales tax on revenue.  It is the Company s continuing practice to recognize the 5% business sales tax based on
revenue as a cost of sales as the revenue is recognized. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had business sales tax payable of
$13,453,236 (2015- $13,306,414), which is expected to be paid when the projects are completed and assessed by the local tax authority.
In May of 2016, the Business Tax has been incorporated into Value Added Tax in China, which means there will be no more Business
Tax and accordingly some business operations previously taxed in the name of Business Tax will be taxed in the manner of VAT thereafter.
The Company is subject to 5% of VAT for all its exiting real estate project based on the local tax authority s practice. 

(B) Corporate income taxes ( CIT )  

The Company s PRC subsidiaries and
VIE are governed by the Income Tax Law of the People s Republic of China concerning the privately run enterprises, which
are generally subject to income tax at a statutory rate of 25% on income reported in the statutory financial statements after appropriate
tax adjustments. However, as approved by the local tax authority of Hanzhong City, the Company s CIT was assessed annually
at a pre-determined fixed rate as an incentive to stimulate the local economy and encourage entrepreneurship. The local income
tax rate in Hanzhong is 2.5% and in Yang County is 1.25% on revenue. For the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company s
income taxes were $974,688 and $1,951,226, respectively. 

Although the possibility exists for reinterpretation
of the application of the tax regulations by higher tax authorities in the PRC, potentially overturning the decision made by the
local tax authority, the Company has not experienced any reevaluation of the income taxes for prior years. The PRC tax rules are
different from the local tax rules and the Company is required to comply with local tax rules.  The difference between
the two tax rules will not be a liability of the Company.  There will be no further tax payments for the difference.
The following table reconciles the statutory rates to the Company s effective tax rate for the years ended September 30,
2016, 2015 and 2014: 

NOTE 12. TAXES (continued)  

(B) Corporate income
taxes ( CIT ) - continued  

Income tax expense for the years ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015 is summarized as follows: 

The parent Company China HGS Real Estate
Inc. is incorporated in the United States. Net operating loss carry forwards for United States income tax purposes amounted to
$533,160 and $401,160 as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, which are available to reduce future years  taxable
income. These carry forwards will expire in 2036. However, the change in control resulting from the reverse merger in 2010 limits
the amount of loss to be utilized each year. Management doesn t expect to remit any of its net income back to the United
States in the foreseeable future. Accordingly, the Company recorded a full valuation allowance as of September 30, 2016 and 2015.
The components of deferred taxes as of September 30, 2016 and 2015 consist of the following: 

Movement of valuation allowance:  

The valuation allowance increased $44,880
and $26,305 for the years end September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

(C) Land appreciation tax ( LAT )  

Since January 1, 1994, LAT has been applicable
at progressive tax rates ranging from 30% to 60% on the appreciation of land values, with an exemption provided for the sales of
ordinary residential properties if the appreciation values do not exceed certain thresholds specified in the relevant tax laws.
However, the Company s local tax authority in Hanzhong City has not imposed the regulation on real estate companies in its
area of administration. Instead, the local tax authority has levied the LAT at the rate of 0.5% in Yang County and 1.0% in Hanzhong
against total cash receipts from sales of real estate properties, rather than according to the progressive rates. 

As at September 30, 2016, the outstanding
LAT payable balance was $1,049,401 with respect to completed real estate properties sold up to September 30, 2016. As at September
30, 2015, the Company has an outstanding LAT payable balance of $752,664 with respect to completed real estate properties sold
up to September 30, 2015. 

NOTE 12. TAXES (continued)  

(D) Taxes payable consisted of the following:  

NOTE 13.  STOCKHOLDERS 
EQUITY  

(a) Common stock  

Prior to the Share Exchange, the Company
had 20,050,000 shares of common stock issued and outstanding. Before the closing of the Share Exchange transaction, the Company
retired 14,000,000 shares of common stock in connection with the spin-off of Dalian Holding. In connection with the Share Exchange
consummated on August 31, 2009, the Company issued 14,000,000 shares of its common stock to the HGS Shareholder and an additional
25,000,000 shares to the management team of Guangsha. As of September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company has a total of 45,050,000
shares of common stock issued and outstanding. 

For the year ended September 30, 2016,
in order to expand business in the large municipal market, which requires participants with significant paid in capital, the Company s
VIE   Guangsha completed an equity recapitalization. The VIE s accumulated retained earnings of $103,509,640 and statutory
reserve of $8,460,016 were reclassified to additional paid in capital in the consolidation financials statements. 

(b) Statutory surplus reserves  

The Company is required to make appropriations
to reserve funds, comprising the statutory surplus reserve and discretionary surplus reserve, based on after-tax net income determined
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles of the PRC ( PRC GAAP ). 

Appropriations to the statutory surplus
reserve is required to be at least 10% of the after tax net income determined in accordance with PRC GAAP until the reserve is
equal to 50% of the entities  registered capital. Appropriations to the discretionary surplus reserve are made at the discretion
of the Board of Directors. The statutory surplus reserve fund is non-discretionary other than during liquidation and can be used
to fund previous years  losses, if any, and may be utilized for business expansion or converted into share capital by issuing
new shares to existing shareholders in proportion to their shareholding or by increasing the par value of shares currently held
by them, provided that the remaining statutory surplus reserve balance after such issue is not less than 25% of the registered
capital before the conversion. Pursuant to the Company s articles of incorporation, the Company is to appropriate 10%
of its net profits as statutory surplus reserve. Due to the recapitalization of VIE equity, reserve of $8,460,016 was reversed
and transferred to additional paid in capital in the year ended September 30, 2016. As of September 30, 2016 and 2015, the balance
of statutory surplus reserve was $8,495,631 and $16,439,333, respectively. 

NOTE 13.  STOCKHOLDERS 
EQUITY (continued)  

(b) Statutory surplus reserves (continued)  

The discretionary surplus reserve may be
used to acquire fixed assets or to increase the working capital to expend on production and operation of the business. The Company s
Board of Directors decided not to make an appropriation to this reserve for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

NOTE 14. CONTINGENCIES AND COMMITMENTS

From time to time, the Company is a party to various legal actions arising in the ordinary course
of business. The Company accrues costs associated with these matters when they become probable and the amount can be reasonably
estimated. Legal costs incurred in connection with loss contingencies are expensed as incurred. The Company's management does
not expect any liability from the disposition of such claims and litigation individually or in the aggregate would have a
material adverse impact on the Company's consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 

As an industry practice, the Company provides
guarantees to PRC banks with respect to loans procured by the purchasers of the Company s real estate properties for the
total mortgage loan amount until the completion of obtaining the  Certificate of Ownership  of the properties from
the government, which generally takes six to twelve months. Because the banks provide loan proceeds without getting the  Certificate
of Ownership  as loan collateral during this six to twelve months  period, the mortgage banks require the Company to
maintain, as restricted cash, 5% to 10% of the mortgage proceeds as security for the Company s obligations under such guarantees.
If a purchaser defaults on its payment obligations, the mortgage bank may deduct the delinquent mortgage payment from the security
deposit and require the Company to pay the excess amount if the delinquent mortgage payments exceed the security deposit. The Company
has made necessary reserves in its restricted cash account to cover any potential mortgage defaults as required by the mortgage
lenders. The Company has not experienced any losses related to this guarantee and believes that such reserves are sufficient. As
of September 30, 2016 and 2015, the amount of security deposit provided for these guarantees was approximately $1.5 million and
$1.7 million respectively. 

CHINA HGS REAL ESTATE INC.  

  SCHEDULE I- PARENT COMPANY BALANCE SHEETS  

  (UNAUDITED)  

The accompanying notes are integral part
of Schedule I 

CHINA HGS REAL ESTATE INC.  

  SCHEDULE I - STATEMENTS OF INCOME AND
COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)  

  FOR THE YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016
AND 2015  

  (UNAUDITED)  

The accompanying notes are integral part
of Schedule I 

CHINA HGS REAL ESTATE INC.  

  SCHEDULE I - STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  

  FOR THE YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND
2015  

  (UNAUDITED)  

The accompanying notes are integral part of
Schedule I 

CHINA HGS REAL ESTATE INC.  

  NOTES TO SCHEDULE I   

NOTE 1. BASIS OF PRESENTATION   

Certain information and footnote disclosures
normally included in financial statements prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles have been condensed
or omitted. The Company s investment in subsidiary and variable interest entity ( VIE ) is stated at cost plus
equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiaries. 

NOTE 2. RESTRICTED ASSETS  

The Company s PRC VIE and subsidiary
are restricted in their ability to transfer a portion of their net assets to the Company. The payment of dividends by entities
organized in China is subject to limitations, procedures and formalities. Regulations in the PRC currently permit payment of dividends
only out of accumulated profits as determined in accordance with accounting standards and regulations in China. The Company s
subsidiaries and its VIEs are also required to set aside at least 10% of its after-tax profit based on PRC accounting standards
each year to its statutory reserves account until the accumulative amount of such reserves reaches 50% of its respective registered
capital. The aforementioned reserves can only be used for specific purposes and are not distributable as cash dividends. 

In addition, the Company s operations
and revenues are conducted and generated in China, all of the Company s revenues being earned and currency received are denominated
in RMB. RMB is subject to the foreign exchange control regulation in China, and, as a result, the Company may be unable to distribute
any dividends outside of China due to PRC foreign exchange control regulations that restrict the Company s ability to convert
RMB into US Dollars. 

Schedule I of Article 5-04 of Regulation S-X
requires the condensed financial information of registrant shall be filed when the restricted net assets of consolidated subsidiaries
exceed 25 percent of consolidated net assets as of the end of the most recently completed fiscal year. For purposes of the above
test, restricted net assets of consolidated subsidiaries shall mean that amount of the registrant s proportionate share of
net assets of consolidated subsidiaries (after intercompany eliminations) which as of the end of the most recent fiscal year may
not be transferred to the parent company by subsidiaries in the form of loans, advances or cash dividends without the consent of
a third party. The condensed parent company financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Rule 12-04, Schedule I of
Regulation S-X as the restricted net assets of the Company s PRC subsidiary and VIE exceed 25% of the consolidated net assets
of the Company. 

NOTE 3. COMMITMENTS  

The Company did not have any significant commitments or long-term
obligations as at September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Item 9.  Changes and Disagreements
with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure  

None. 

Item 9A.  Controls and Procedures  

(a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and
Procedures  

Under the supervision and with the participation
of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, we carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness
of our disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in SEC Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) as of the end of the period
covered by this report. Based on such evaluation, our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer,
has concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of September 30, 2016, because of the material
weakness in our internal control over financial reporting as described below. 

(b) Management s Report on Internal
Control over Financial Reporting  

The Company s management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining internal controls over financial reporting. Internal Control Over Financial Reporting is a process
designed by, and under the supervision of, the Company s principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons
performing similar functions, and effected by the Company s board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that: 

1.  Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the
transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company;   

2.  Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation
of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the
Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of its management and board of directors; and   

3.  Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely
detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on its
financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting is not intended to provide absolute assurance that a misstatement of our consolidated financial
statements would be prevented or detected. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to
the risks that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies
or procedures may deteriorate. 

Our management, including our chief executive
officer and chief financial officer, has conducted a self-assessment, including attestation of the design and operational effectiveness
of the Company s internal controls over financial reporting as of September 30, 2016. In making its assessment, management
used the  2013   Internal Control Integrated Framework  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of
the Treadway Commission (the  2013 COSO Framework ). The 2013 COSO Framework outlines the 17 underlying principles
and the following fundamental components of a company s internal control:,(i) control environment, (ii) risk assessment,
(iii) control activities, (iv) information and communication, and (v) monitoring. Our management has implemented
and tested our internal control over financial reporting based on these criteria and identified certain material weaknesses set
forth below. 

Based on this evaluation, our management concluded
that our internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2016 was ineffective. 

A material weakness is a deficiency or a combination
of deficiencies in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement
of the annual or interim consolidated financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

Management identified the following material
weaknesses in its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2016: 

Lack of utilization of integrated information system, which
could result in over reliance on spreadsheet applications without quality control assurances, lack of adequate policies and procedures
to review and update spreadsheet information on timely basis, and lack of formal data backup policies and procedures. 

Lack of adequate policies and procedures in internal audit
function, which could result in: (1) lack of communication between internal audit department and the Audit Committee and the Board
of Directors and (2) insufficient internal audit work to ensure that the Company s policies and procedures have been carried
out as planned. 

Lack of sufficient full-time accounting staff in our accounting
department that have U.S. GAAP experience. 

Remediation Efforts to Address Significant
Deficiencies  

To remediate the material weaknesses described
above and to prevent similar deficiencies in the future, we are currently evaluating additional controls and procedures, which
may include: 

Engage a
third party IT consulting firm to help formalize the Company s policies and procedures on information technology, analyze
the capability and reliability of existing systems, and establish an integrated information technology development plan.  

Provide more U.S. GAAP knowledge and SEC reporting requirement
training for the internal audit department and establish formal policies and procedures in internal audit function. 

Implementation of an ongoing initiative and training in
the Company to ensure the importance of internal controls and compliance with established policies and procedures are fully understood
throughout the organization and plan to provide continuous U.S. GAAP knowledge training to relevant employees involved to ensure
the performance of and compliance with those procedures and policies. 

Any actions we have taken or may take to remediate
these material weaknesses are subject to continued management review supported by testing, as well as oversight by the Audit Committee
of our Board of Directors. We cannot assure you that these material weaknesses will not occur in the future and that we will be
able to remediate such weaknesses in a timely manner, which could impair our ability to accurately and timely report our financial
position, results of operations or cash flows. See the Risk Factor included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

(c) Changes in Internal Controls over Financial
Reporting  

The management is committed to improving the
internal controls over financial reporting and will undertake the consistent improvements or enhancements on an ongoing basis.
Except as described above, there has been no change to our internal control over financial reporting during our most recent fiscal
quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B.  Other Information  

None. 

PART III  

Item 10.  Directors, Executive
Officers and Corporate Governance  

Directors   

The Board of Directors is presently composed
of five (5) members: Xiaojun Zhu, Shenghui Luo, Christy Young Shue, John Chen, and Yuankai Wen. Mr. Zhu serves as Chairman of the
Board of Directors. The Board of Directors has determined that Christy Young Shue, John Chen, and Yuankai Wen are independent directors
within the meaning set forth in the NASDAQ listing rules and as required by the rules and regulations of the SEC, as currently
in effect. 

Below you will find a tabular summary of our
entire Board, their age as of September 30, 2016, the year they were each elected, and the year in which their term ends. 

The following paragraphs provide information
about each director, including all positions he or she holds, his or her principal occupation and business experience for the past
five years, and the names of other publicly-held companies of which he or she currently serves as a director or has served as a
director during the past five years. 

Xiaojun Zhu,  the President, Chief Executive
Officer, and Chairman of the Board of Directors of China HGS, began his entrepreneurial career in 1995 by creating a privately-run
real estate company in Hanzhong, Shaanxi Province. With more than 20 years  experience, Mr. Zhu is considered to be one of
China s most influential business leaders in the real estate industry. In October 2005, Mr. Zhu received the  Top 100
Management Elites in China s Building Industry 2005  award by the Chinese Academy of Management Science. Mr. Zhu also
received the  Innovative Shaanxi - Person of the Year 2007  award and the  Outstanding Socialism Builder of Shaanxi
Province in 2008  award. In August 2009, Mr. Zhu joined China Agro as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. In 2007, before
joining China Agro, Mr. Zhu served as the Chairman and General Manager of Shaanxi Guangsha Investment and Development Group Co.,
Ltd. From 1995 to 2007, Mr. Zhu was the Chairman and General Manager of Hanzhong Guangsha Real Estate Development Co, Ltd., a real
estate development company. From 1992 to 1995, prior to starting his own business, Mr. Zhu served as a Vice General Manager in
the real estate-based subsidiary of Hanjiang Building Material Group Corporation. From 1985 to 1988, Mr. Zhu studied at Shaanxi
Metallurgy College. As the founder of the Company, Mr. Zhu is acknowledged to be one of China s leading business executives
in the real estate industry and is able to provide the Board with an understanding of the Company s business as well as provide
expert perspective on industry trends and opportunities. Mr. Zhu s experience with the Company from its founding also offers
the Board insight to the evolution of the Company, including from execution, cultural, operational, competitive and industry points
of view. 

Christy Young Shue  has served as a director
since August 2012. Ms. Shue served as Executive Vice President, Finance and Investor Relations and Corporate Secretary of Harbin
Electric, Inc. (NASDAQ: HRBN) from 2007 through April 2012, when Harbin went private as a result of a management buyout transaction.
From 2006 through 2007, Ms. Shue was a Vice President, a Senior Investor Relations Consultant at Christensen, an Investor Relations
advisory firm. From 2003 through 2006, Ms. Shue served as Investor Relations Manager at International Paper (NYSE: IP). Ms. Shue
received her MBA degree in finance/international business from Stern School of Business, New York University, a Ph.D. in Chemistry
from Purdue University, and a Bachelor of Science degree in Chemistry from Sichuan University. Ms. Shue s previous experience
as an officer and Investor Relations manager for public companies has given her insights into various challenges that public companies
experience, as well as extensive knowledge and understanding of capital market related issues such as corporate governance and
financial reporting. 

John Chen  has served as a director since
August 2012. Mr. Chen is a California Certified Public Accountant. Mr. Chen has been the Chief Financial Officer of General Steel
Holdings Inc. (NYSE: GSI) since May 2004. From 1997 to 2003, Mr. Chen was a Senior Accountant at Moore Stephens Frazer and Torbet.
Mr. Chen received his Bachelor of Science degree in Business Administration, Accounting from California State Polytechnic University.
Mr. Chen s experience as a California Certified Public Accountant and his experience as a chief financial officer of a public
company have provided him with broad experience in finance including accounting and financial reporting. This experience has led
our Board of Directors to determine that he is an  audit committee financial expert  as that term is defined in Item
407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K under the 1934 Act. 

Yuankai Wen  has served as a director
since January 2010.  Since 1998, Mr. Wen has served as the Chairman of Beijing Neolinde Management Training Center.  From
1997 to 1998, he was also the Chairman of Beijing Neolinde Management Consulting Co. From 1994 through 1997, Mr. Wen was a Vice
President of Roosevelt China Investment Co., an investment firm. Mr. Wen received his Bachelor s degree in Chemistry from
Nanjing University. He was also a visiting scholar of Physical and Chemical Biology Institute, University of Paris in France. Mr.
Wen s experience as Chairman of the Beijing Neolinde Management Graining Center and as Chairman of the Beijing Neolinde Management
Consulting Co. has provided him with broad leadership and executive experience. Moreover, his management experience in China provides
him with a perspective on Chinese business operations. 

Shenghui Luo  has served as a director
since January 2010.  Ms. Luo joined Shaanxi Guangsha Investment and Development Group Co., Ltd., the Company s
subsidiary, in 1997.  From 2000 through March 2009, Ms. Luo served as Vice Director of the Finance Department of Shaanxi
Guangsha Investment and Development Group Co., Ltd.  In March 2009, Ms. Luo was appointed a Manager of the Finance Department
of Shaanxi Guangsha Investment and Development Group Co., Ltd. Ms. Luo received her Bachelor s degree in Accounting from
Shaanxi Finance College. As a result of Ms. Luo s service as a member of the Company s finance department, she developed
an extensive understanding of the Company s business. In addition, her knowledge and experience in finance and accounting
provides her with a broad understanding of the Company s financial reporting under both PRC and US GAAP. 

Family Relationships  

No family relationships exist among our directors,
executive officers, or persons nominated or chosen by us to become directors or executive officers. 

All directors hold office until the next annual
stockholders  meeting or until their death, resignation, retirement, removal, disqualification, or until their successors
have been elected and are qualified. Our officers serve at the will of the Board of Directors. 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings  

To the best of our knowledge, none of our directors
or executive officers have been convicted in a criminal proceeding, excluding traffic violations or similar misdemeanors, or has
been a party to any judicial or administrative proceeding during the past five years that resulted in a judgment, decree or final
order enjoining the person from future violations of, or prohibiting activities subject to, federal or state securities laws, or
a finding of any violation of federal or state securities laws, except for matters that were dismissed without sanction or settlement.
Except as set forth in our discussion below in  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions,  none of our directors,
director nominees or executive officers has been involved in any transactions with us or any of our directors, executive officers,
affiliates or associates which are required to be disclosed pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC.  

Code of Ethics  

On January 22, 2010, the Board of Directors
adopted a Code of Conduct which sets forth the standards by which the Company s employees, officers and directors should
conduct themselves. The Company will disclose any amendment to the Code of Conduct or waiver of a provision of the Code of Conduct
that applies to the Company s Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and any other principal financial officer,
and any other person performing similar functions and relates to certain elements of the Code of Conduct, including the name of
the officer to whom the waiver was granted. 

Committees of the Board of Directors  

The Board of Directors has the following standing
committees: Audit, Compensation, and Nominating and Corporate Governance. The Board of Directors has adopted written charters for
each of these committees. All members of the committees appointed by the Board of Directors are non-employee directors and the
Board of Directors has determined that all such members are independent under the applicable rules and regulations of NASDAQ and
the SEC, as currently in effect. In addition, all directors who served on a committee during any portion of the fiscal year ended
September 30, 2016 were independent under the applicable rules and regulations of NASDAQ and the SEC during such director s
period of service. 

The following chart details the membership
of each standing committee as of September 30, 2016 and the number of meetings each committee held in fiscal year 2016. 

Name of Director   
         
       Audit   

Compensation   

Nominating      
     Corporate  
     Governance   

Christy Young Shue  
       
      M  

M  

C  

John Chen  
       
      C  

M  

M  

Yuankai Wen  
       
      M  

C  

M  

Number of Meetings in Fiscal 2016  
       
      4  

1  

1  

M = Member C = Chair 

Executive Officers  

Our executive officers and their age as of
September 30, 2016 are as follows: 

Name  
      Ages  
      Position   
 
     Xiaojun Zhu * 
     48 
     President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors  
 
     Wei (Samuel) Shen** 
     37 
     Chief Financial Officer  

*Mr. Zhu s background and business experience
is described above under  Directors  

**Wei (Samuel) Shen has been the Chief Financial
Officer of the Company since May 2012. From November 2011 to May 2012, Mr. Shen was the Vice President for Finance of the Company.
Mr. Shen is also the Director at Bluehill Investment Advisory Group, a PRC based financial consulting firm and the chief financial
officer of New Era Minerals Inc. (TSX.V: NEM), a junior resource company. From 2006 to 2011, Mr. Shen served as an Audit Assurance
Manager for a national public accounting firm, where he managed audit engagements for U.S. public companies. Mr. Shen holds both
Chartered Accountant and Certified Public Accountant designations and is experienced with financial reporting under IFRS and US
GAAP. Mr. Shen holds a Master of Management and Public Accounting. 

Audit Committee  

The Audit Committee oversees our accounting,
financial reporting and audit processes; appoints, determines the compensation of, and oversees, the independent registered public
accountants; pre-approves audit and non-audit services provided by the independent registered public accountants; reviews the results
and scope of audit and other services provided by the independent registered public accountants; reviews the accounting principles
and practices and procedures used in preparing our financial statements; oversees the Company s internal audit function;
and reviews our internal controls. 

The Audit Committee works closely with management
and our independent registered public accountants. The Audit Committee also meets with our independent registered public accountants
without members of management present, on a quarterly basis, following completion of our independent registered public accountants 
quarterly reviews and annual audit and prior to our earnings announcements, to review the results of their work. The Audit Committee
also meets with our independent registered public accountants to approve the annual scope and fees for the audit services to be
performed. 

The Board of Directors has determined that
John Chen is an  audit committee financial expert  as defined by SEC rules, as currently in effect. 

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting
Compliance  

Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act, requires
the executive officers and directors of the Company and every person who is directly or indirectly the beneficial owner of more
than 10% of any class of security of the Company to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC. Such persons
also are required to furnish our company with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. 

Based solely on our review of copies of such
forms received by us, we believe that during the fiscal year 2013, the executive officers and directors of the Company and every
person who is directly or indirectly the beneficial owner of more than 10% of any class of security of the Company complied with
the filing requirements of Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 11.  Executive Compensation  

Compensation of Executive Officers  

Compensation Discussion and Analysis  

Our primary goal with
respect to our compensation programs has been to attract and retain the most talented and dedicated employees in key positions
in order to compete effectively in the market place, successfully execute our growth strategies, and create lasting shareholder
value. The Compensation Committee evaluates both individual and Company performance when determining the compensation of our executives.
Our executives  overall compensation is tied to the Company financial and operational performance, as measured by revenues
and net income, as well as to accomplishing strategic goals such as merger and acquisitions and fund raising. We apply our compensation
policies consistently for determining compensation of our Chief Executive Officer as we do with the other executives. The Compensation
Committee assesses the performance of our Chief Executive Officer annually and determines the base salary and incentive compensation
of our Chief Executive Officer. Our Chief Executive Officer is primarily responsible for the assessment of our other executive
officers  performance. 

Summary Compensation Table  

The following identified persons (the  Named
Executive Officers ) of the Company received compensation in the amounts set forth in the chart below for the fiscal years
ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014. All compensation listed is in US dollars. No other item of compensation was paid to any
officer or director of the Company other than reimbursement of expenses. 

(2)  The Company owns a motor vehicle which is available for
Mr. Zhu s use for business purposes. The value of this vehicle is less than $10,000. 

Option Grants Table. There were no individual
grants of stock options to purchase our common stock made to the executive officers named in the Summary Compensation Table in
fiscal 2016 and 2015. 

Aggregated Option Exercises and Fiscal Year-End
Option Value Table. There were no stock options exercised during fiscal 2016 and 2015 by any executive officer named in the Summary
Compensation Table. 

Long-Term Incentive Plan ( LTIP )
Awards Table. There were no awards made to a Named Executive Officer in fiscal 2016 and 2015 under any LTIP. 

Our executive officers are reimbursed by us
for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities conducted on our behalf. There is no limit on the amount
of these out-of-pocket expenses and there will be no review of the reasonableness of such expenses by anyone other than our board
of directors, which includes persons who may seek reimbursement, or a court of competent jurisdiction if such reimbursement is
challenged. 

Employment Contracts and Termination of
Employment  

On May 28, 2012, the Company entered into a
contract with Mr. Samuel Shen to serve as Chief Financial Officer of the Company. The initial term of the contract was for one
year and extended for an indefinite period upon mutual agreement between Mr. Shen and the Company, subject to parties  right
to terminate on reasonable notice. Pursuant to the contract, Mr. Shen receives a monthly salary of RMB 60,000 (approximately US$8,995)
and a discretional bonus of up to RMB 180,000 (approximately US$26,986). Mr. Shen is also entitled to 100,000 shares of restricted
common stock of the Company at the end of the term, subject to his continuing employment with the Company and the board s
approval. Mr. Shen did not receive any bonus or restricted stock for the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014. According
to the contract, the Company may terminate the contract with Mr. Shen for causes defined in the contract with thirty days 
advance written notice. Under certain circumstances provided in the contract, the Company may elect to pay an additional month s
salary in lieu of providing advance written notice to terminate Mr. Shen. Mr. Shen may terminate the contract with the Company
by giving ninety days  advance written notice to the Company. The contract also contains covenants regarding non-competition
and confidentiality. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal 2016
Year End  

None. 

Compensation of Directors  

The following tables provides information regarding
compensation earned by non-employee directors who served during fiscal 2016. 

FISCAL 2016 DIRECTOR COMPENSATION  

These amounts reflect the value determined
by the Company for accounting purposes for these awards and do not reflect whether the recipient has actually realized a financial
benefit from the award (such as by exercising stock options). These amounts represents a compensation expense for fiscal year 2016.
Pursuant to SEC rules, the amounts shown exclude the impact of estimated forfeitures related to service-based vesting conditions.
No stock option awards were forfeited by any of our non-employee directors in fiscal year 2016. 

* Mr. Wen receives annual compensation in the
amount of RMB 100,000. The amount set forth in this column is based on an exchange rate of RMB6.6702 to the U.S. dollar. 

Independent Director Agreements  

The Company has entered into Independent Director
Agreements with Ms. Shue, and Messrs. Chen and Wen pursuant to which the Company has agreed to pay each of these directors annual
cash compensation in the amount of $24,000, $36,000 and RMB 100,000, respectively.  In addition, in August 2012, the
Company agreed to grant each of Ms. Shue, and Messrs. Chen, two of our independent directors, nonstatutory stock options to purchase
60,000 and 60,000 shares of the Company s common stock, respectively, which options shall vest in accordance with the schedule
determined as of the date of grant. On August 22, 2015, the Company renewed the independent Director Agreements with Ms. Shue,
and Messrs. Chen and granted stock options to them to purchase up to an aggregate of 120,000 shares of the Company s common
stock.  The shares underlying the options become excisable during the following 36 months period at the end of each quarter.
The exercise price of the options is $1.89 per share. In addition, the Company has agreed to reimburse each director for all reasonable,
out-of-pocket expenses, subject to the advance approval of the Company incurred in connection with the performance of Director s
duties. 

Board Leadership Structure and Role in Risk
Oversight  

One person currently holds the positions of
principal executive officer and chairman of the Board of Company. The Board does not have a policy on whether or not the roles
of the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman should be separate.  Instead, the Company s By-Laws provide that the directors
may designate a Chairman of the Board from among any of the directors.  Accordingly, the Board reserves the right to vest
the responsibilities of the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman in the same person or in two different individuals depending on
what it believes is in the best interest of the Company.   The Board has determined that the consolidation of these roles
is appropriate because it allows Mr. Zhu to bring a wider perspective to the deliberations of the Board on matters of corporate
strategy and policy.  The Board believes that there is no single Board leadership structure that would be most effective in
all circumstances and therefore retains the authority to modify this structure to best address the Company s and the Board s
then current circumstances as and when appropriate. 

The Company s management is responsible
for identifying, assessing and managing the material risks facing the business. The Board and, in particular, the Audit Committee
are responsible for overseeing the Company s processes for assessing and managing risk.  Each of the Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer, with input as appropriate from other appropriate management members, report and provide relevant
information directly to either the Board and/or the Audit Committee on various types of identified material financial, reputational,
legal, operational, environmental and business risks to which the Company is or may be subject, as well as mitigation strategies
for certain salient risks.  In accordance with NASDAQ requirements and as set forth in its charter, the Audit Committee periodically
reviews and discusses the Company s business and financial risk management and risk assessment policies and procedures with
senior management, the Company s independent auditor.  The Audit Committee reports its risk assessment function to the
Board.  The roles of the Board and the Audit Committee in the risk oversight process have not affected the Board leadership
structure. Although the board has not formally designated a lead independent director, Mr. Sherman, the chairman of the audit
committee, has led the meetings of the audit committee which include at least a majority of the independent directors and at which
matters appropriate for consideration at executive sessions of the board of directors were discussed. 

Item 12.  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management  

The following table sets forth information
regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of December 8, 2016 as to (i) each person who is known by us to own beneficially
more than 5% of our outstanding common stock, (ii) each of the executive officers and other persons named in the Summary Compensation
Table, (iii) each director and nominee for director, and (iv) all directors and executive officers as a group. Except as otherwise
indicated in the footnotes, all information with respect to share ownership and voting and investment power has been furnished
to us by the persons listed. Except as otherwise indicated in the footnotes, each person listed has sole voting power with respect
to the shares shown as beneficially owned. Unless otherwise indicated, the address of each listed shareholder is c/o China HGS
Real Estate Inc., 6 Xinghan Road, 19th Floor, Hanzhong City, Shaanxi Province, PRC 723000. 

* less than 1% 

(1)  Except as indicated in the footnotes to this table and
pursuant to applicable community property laws, the persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect
to all shares of common stock owned by such person. The number of shares beneficially owned includes common stock that such individual
has the right to acquire as of December 8, 2016 or within 60 days thereafter, including through the exercise of stock options. 

(2)  Percentage of beneficial ownership is based upon 45,050,000
shares of common stock outstanding as of December 8, 2016. For each named person, this percentage includes common stock that the
person has the right to acquire either currently or within 60 days of December 8, 2016, including through the exercise of an option;
however, such common stock is not deemed outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage owned by any other person. 

(3)  Mr. Xiaojin Zhu has voting and dispositive control over
securities held by Rising Pilot, Inc. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation
Plans  

On September 25, 2012, our shareholders approved
the Company s 2012 Omnibus Securities and Incentive Plan (the  2012 Plan ). The 2012 Plan provides for the grant
of awards which are distribution equivalent rights, incentive stock options, non-qualified stock options, performance shares, performance
units, restricted shares of common stock, restricted stock units, stock appreciation rights ( SARs ), tandem stock
appreciation rights, unrestricted shares of common stock or any combination of the foregoing, to key management employees and nonemployee
directors of, and nonemployee consultants of, the Company or any of its subsidiaries (each a  participant ). We have
reserved a total of 2,000,000 shares of common stock for issuance as or under awards to be made under the 2012 Plan. The number
of shares of common stock for which awards which are options or SARs may be granted to a participant under the 2012 Plan during
any calendar year is limited to 1,000,000. 

The following table summarizes information
with respect to shares of the Company s common stock that may be issued under the Company s existing equity compensation
plans as of September 30, 2016: 

Plan Category    
     Number of  securities to be  issued upon  exercise of  outstanding  options,  warrants and  rights       
     Weighted-average  exercise price of  outstanding  options, warrants  and rights       
     Number of  securities  remaining  available for  future issuance  under equity  compensation  plans (excluding  securities  reflected in  column (a))     

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders    
        120,000       
     $  1.89       
        1,880,000     
 
     Total    
        120,000       
     $  1.89       
        1,880,000     

Changes in Control  

There are no arrangements known to us, including
any pledge by any person of our securities, the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change in control of the
Company. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions, and Director Independence  

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions  

The Audit Committee is responsible for reviewing,
approving or ratifying all material transactions between us and any related person. Related persons can include any of our directors
or executive officers, certain of our shareholders, and any of their immediate family members. This obligation is set forth in
our Audit and Finance Committee Charter. Although we do not have a formal written policy with respect to our Audit Committee s
policies and procedures for reviewing related party transactions, in evaluating such transactions, the Audit Committee members
apply the same standards of good faith and fiduciary duty they apply to their general responsibilities as a committee of the board
and as individual directors. In any transaction involving a related party, our Audit Committee considers all available material
facts and circumstances of the transaction, including: (i) the direct and indirect interests of the related party; (ii) if the
related party is a director (or immediate family member of a director or an entity with which a director is affiliated), the impact
such transaction would have on the director s independence; (iii) the risks, costs and benefits to us; and (iv) whether any
alternative transactions for comparable purposes are available. Our Audit Committee then makes a determination as to whether the
proposed terms of the transaction are in the best interests of the Company and otherwise consistent with arm s length dealings
with unrelated third-parties. 

The following related party transactions occurred
during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016: 

The Company has a one year loan agreement ( USD
Loan Agreement ) with Mr. Xiaojun Zhu, our Chairman, CEO and major shareholder, pursuant to which the Company borrowed $1,810,000 to
make a capital injection into Shaanxi HGS, the Company s subsidiary. The interest rate for the loan is 4% per annum
and the loan matured on July 19, 2014. The Company entered into the amendments to the USD Loan Agreement to extend the term until
July 31, 2017. The Company recorded interest of $72,400 for each of the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. The Company has
not yet paid this interest and it is recorded in accrued expenses in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets as of September
30, 2016 and 2015. 

On December 31, 2013, Guangsha, the
Company's PRC operating subsidiary, entered into a loan agreement with the Chairman (the  Shareholder RMB Loan
Agreement ), pursuant to which Guangsha is able to borrow from Mr. Zhu in order to support the Company s Liang
Shan Road construction project development and the Company s working capital needs. The Loan Agreement has a one-year
term, and has been renewed with a new expiration date of June 30, 2017, with at an interest rate of 4.35% as of September 30,
2016 and 5.5% as of September 30, 2015. The RMB loan balance as of September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $899,523 and
$Nil, respectively. For the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the interest was $40,172 and $240,687, respectively,
which is capitalized in the development cost of Liangzhou road project. 

Director Independence  

The Board of Directors has determined that
Christy Young Shue, John Chen, and Yuankai Wen are independent directors within the meaning set forth in the NASDAQ listing rules,
as currently in effect. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services  

Friedman LLP served as the Company s
independent registered public accounting firm for fiscal years 2016 and 2015. Fees (excluding reimbursements for out-of-pocket
expenses) paid to Friedman LLP for services in fiscal 2016 and 2015 were as follows: 

Audit Fees  consisted of fees
for the audit of our annual financial statements, review of the financial statements included in our quarterly reports on Form
10-Q and services that are normally provided by the independent registered public accountants in connection with statutory and
regulatory filings or engagements for those fiscal years. This category also includes advice on audit and accounting matters that
arose during, or as a result of, the audit or the review of interim financial statements, statutory audits required by non-U.S.
jurisdiction, the preparation of an annual  management letter  on internal control matters and assurance services provided
in connection with the assessment and testing of internal controls with respect to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

Audit-Related Fees  consisted
of assurance and related services by Friedman LLP that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our
financial statements and are not reported above under  Audit Fees.  

Tax Fees  consisted of professional
services rendered by Friedman LLP for tax compliance and tax planning. The services for the fees disclosed under this category
include tax return preparation and technical tax advice. 

The above amounts relate to services provided
in the indicated fiscal years, irrespective of when they were billed. The Audit Committee considered the compatibility of non-audit
services by Friedman LLP with the maintenance of that firm s independence and determined, in each case, that at all times,
Friedman LLP remained independent. 

The Audit Committee Charter establishes a policy
governing our use of Friedman LLP for audit and non-audit services. Under the Charter, the Audit Committee is required to pre-approve
all audit and non-audit services performed by the Company s independent registered public accountants in order to ensure
that the provision of such services does not impair the public accountants  independence. The Audit Committee pre-approves
certain audit and audit-related services, subject to certain fee levels. Any proposed services that are not a type of service that
has been pre-approved or that exceed pre-approval cost levels require specific approval by the Audit Committee in advance. The
Audit Committee has approved all audit and audit-related services to be performed by Friedman LLP in 2016. 

Part IV  

ITEM 15          Exhibits
and Financial Statement Schedules  

Exhibit 
No. 
       
     Title of Document  
 
     3.1 
       
     Articles of Incorporation(1)  
 
     3.2 
       
     Articles of incorporation of the registrant as amended with the Secretary of State of Florida on October 8, 2009(2)  
 
     3.3 
       
     Bylaws(1)  
 
     10.1 
       
     Share Exchange Agreement by and between the Company, China HGS Investment, Inc., and Rising Pilot, Inc. dated August 21, 2009(3)  
 
     10.2 
       
     Entrusted Management Agreement, dated as of September 18, 2009, by and among the Company, Mr. Xiaojun Zhu and his management staff (English translation)(4)  
 
     10.3 
       
     Independent Director Agreement between China HGS Real Estate Inc. and Yuankai Wen(2)  
 
     10.4 
       
     Form of Indemnification Agreement(2)  
 
     10.5 
       
     Form of Nonstatutory Stock Option Agreement(5)  
 
     10.6 
       
     Residential Apartment Bulk Purchasing Agreement dated May 28, 2011 between Hanzhong Municipal Public Security Bureau and Shaanxi Guangsha Investment and Development Group Co., Ltd. (English translation)(6)  
 
     10.7 
       
     Residential Apartment Bulk Purchasing Agreement dated June 8, 2011 between Hanzhong Municipal Bureau of Justice and Shaanxi Guangsha Investment and Development Group Co., Ltd. (English translation)(7)  
 
     10.8 
       
     USD Shareholder Loan Agreement by and between the Company and Mr. Xiaojun Zhu dated July 28, 2011(English translation)(8)  
 
     10.9 
       
     Land Use Rights Transfer Agreement between Shaanxi Guangsha Investment and Development Group Co., Ltd. and Hanzhong Guangxia Real Estate Development Limited dated March 16, 2011 (English translation)(9)  
 
     10.10 
       
     Loan Agreement by and between Shaanxi Guangsha Investment and Development Group Co. and Mr. Xiaojun Zhu dated November 14, 2011 (English translation)(9)  
 
     10.11 
       
     Independent Director Agreement by and between China HGS Real Estate Inc. and John Chen, dated August 22, 2012(12)  
 
     10.12 
       
     Independent Director Agreement by and between China HGS Real Estate Inc. and Christy Young Shue, dated August 22, 2012(13)  
 
     10.13 
       
     Labor Contract by and between Shaanxi Guangsha Investment and Development Group Co., Ltd. and Wei (Samuel) Shen, dated May 28, 2012(14)  
 
     10.14 
       
     Form of Indemnification Agreement(15)  
 
     10.15 
       
     Loan Amendment Agreement by and between China HGS Real Estate Inc. and Mr. Xiaojun Zhu, dated July 19, 2013(16)  
 
     10.16 
       
     Loan Agreement by and between Shaanxi Guangxia Investment Development Group Co., Ltd. and China Construction Bank, dated August 23, 2013(17)  
 
     10.17 
       
     Loan Agreement between dated December 31, 2013 by and between Shaanxi Guangsha Investment and Development Group Co., Ltd and Mr. Xiaojun Zhu(18)  

14 
       
     Code of Conduct(10)  
 
     21 
       
     List of subsidiaries of the Registrant(11)  
 
     31.1* 
       
     Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer  
 
     31.2* 
       
     Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer  
 
     32.1* 
       
     Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer  
 
     101* 
       
     XBRL Instance Document  

*   Filed herewith 

(1) Incorporated herein by reference to
the SB-2 Registration Statement filed on August 31, 2001. 

 (2) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
3.2 to registrant s quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed on August 16, 2010. 

 (3) Incorporated herein by reference to
the current report on Form 8-K filed on August 21, 2009. 

(4) Incorporated herein by reference to
the current report on Form 8-K filed on September 18, 2009. 

 (5) Incorporated herein by reference to
Exhibit 10.1 to the current report on Form 8-K filed on March 17, 2011. 

 (6) Incorporated herein by reference to
Exhibit 10.1 to the current report on Form 8-K filed on June 3, 2011. 

 (7) Incorporated herein by reference to
Exhibit 10.1 to the current report on Form 8-K filed on June 14, 2011. 

 (8) Incorporated herein by reference to
registrant s quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed August 15, 2011. 

 (9) Incorporated herein by reference to
the current report on Form 8-K filed on December 23, 2011. 

 (10) Incorporated herein by reference to
the current report on Form 8-K filed on January 22, 2010. 

 (11) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
21 to registrant s annual report on Form 10-K filed on December 29, 2010. 

 (12) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
10.1 to the current report on Form 8-K filed on August 22, 2012. 

 (13) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
10.2 to the current report on Form 8-K filed on August 22, 2012. 

 (14) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
10.1 to the current report on Form 8-K filed on May 29, 2012. 

 (15) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
10.1 to the current report on Form 8-K filed on March 15, 2013. 

 (16) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
10.1 to the current report on Form 8-K filed on July 22, 2013. 

 (17) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
10.1 to the current report on Form 8-K filed on October 15, 2013. 

 (18) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
10.1 to the current report on Form 8-K filed on January 7, 2014. 

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

China HGS Real Estate Inc.  

Date: December 21, 2016 
     By: 
     /s/ Xiaojun Zhu  

Xiaojun Zhu  

President, Chief Executive Officer, 
and Chairman of the Board 
of Directors  

Date: December 21, 2016 
     By: 
     /s/ Samuel Shen  

Samuel Shen  

Chief Financial Officer  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities
and on the dates indicated. 

Signature  
         
      Title  
         
      Date   

/s/
    Xiaojun Zhu  
         
      President,
    Chief Executive Officer, 
    and Chairman of the Board of Directors  
         
      December 21, 2016   
 
      Xiaojun
    Zhu  
         
      (Principal
    Executive Officer)  

/s/
    Samuel     Shen  
         
      Chief
    Financial Officer  
         
      December 21, 2016   
 
      Samuel
    Shen  
         
      (Principal
Financial and Accounting Officer)  

/s/
    Shenghui Luo  
         
      Director  
         
      December 21, 2016   
 
      Shenghui
    Luo  

/s/
    Christy     Young Shue  
         
      Director  
         
      December 21, 2016   
 
      Christy
    Young Shue  

/s/
    John     Chen  
         
      Director  
         
      December 21, 2016   
 
      John
    Chen  

/s/
    Yuankai Wen  
         
      Director  
         
      December 21, 2016   
 
      Yuankai
    Wen  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 v454658_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Xiaojun Zhu, the Chief Executive Officer
of the registrant, certify that: 

(1)          I
have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of China HGS Real Estate Inc. for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016. 

(2)          Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
the period covered by this report; 

(3)          Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report; 

(4)          The
registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15a-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
     Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during  the period in which this report is being prepared;  

b. 
     Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles:  

c. 
     Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  

d. 
     Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  

(5)          The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
     All  significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  

b. 
     Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  

Date: December 21, 2016 

/s/ Xiaojun Zhu 

Name: Xiaojun Zhu 

Title:  Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 v454658_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Samuel Shen, the Chief Financial Officer
of the registrant, certify that: 

(1)          I
have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of China HGS Real Estate Inc. for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016. 

(2)          Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
the period covered by this report; 

(3)          Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report; 

(4)          The
registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15a-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
     Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during  the period in which this report is being prepared;  

b. 
     Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles:  

c. 
     Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  

d. 
     Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  

(5)          The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
     All  significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  

b. 
     Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  

Date: December 21, 2016 

/s/ Samuel Shen 

Name: Samuel Shen 

Title:  Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 v454658_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1 

Certification 

 of Principal Executive Officer and Principal
Financial Officer Pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a), 

 As Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes
- Oxley Act of 2002 

The undersigned of the Company, certifies that: 

(1)          He
has reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of China HGS Real Estate Inc. for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016; and 

(2)          Based
on his knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statement made, in the light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this annual report. 

/s/ Xiaojun Zhu 
     .  
 
     Name: Xiaojun Zhu 

Title:  Chief Executive Officer 

December 21, 2016 

/s/Samuel Shen 
     .  
 
     Name: Samuel Shen 

Title:  Chief Financial Officer 

December 21, 2016 

A signed original of this written statement
required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company
and will be furnished to the SEC or its staff upon request. This exhibit is not  filed  for purposes of Section 18
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 but is instead furnished as provided by applicable rules of the SEC. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 hgsh-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 hgsh-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 hgsh-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 hgsh-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 hgsh-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 hgsh-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

