<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_1410428_0001144204-16-132791_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6148630</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>156845</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>327172</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1512147</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2907465</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1131769</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>45</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-132791.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109160803
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-132791
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		73
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FORM Holdings Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001410428
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PATENT OWNERS & LESSORS [6794]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34785
		FILM NUMBER:		161984272

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		780 THIRD AVENUE, 12TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10017
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(212) 309-7549

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		780 THIRD AVENUE, 12TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10017

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Vringo Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070822

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-132791.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 v451703_10q.htm
 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

(Mark One)  

For the quarterly period ended September
30, 2016  

For the transition period from to  

Commission file number: 001-34785  

FORM Holdings Corp.  

  (formerly Vringo, Inc.)  

  (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in
its Charter)  

(212) 309-7549   

  (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including
Area Code)  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all
reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for
such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. Yes  x        No     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically
and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and
post such files). Yes  x         No     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of  large accelerated
filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check
one): 

Large accelerated filer  
         
      Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  
          (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  
      Smaller reporting company  
      x   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes          
No  x  

As of November 9, 2016, 15,804,881 shares
of the registrant s common stock were outstanding. 

FORM Holdings Corp.  

Table of Contents  

Page    

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION   
       
      3   

Item 1.  
       Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   
       
      3   
 
      Item 2.  
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
       
     20  
 
      Item 3.  
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
       
     29  
 
      Item 4.  
       Controls and Procedures   
       
      29   

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION   
       
     30  

Item 1.  
       Legal Proceedings   
       
      30   
 
      Item 1A.  
       Risk Factors   
       
      30   
 
      Item 2.  
       Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
       
     35  
 
      Item 3.  
       Defaults Upon Senior Securities   
       
      35   
 
      Item 4.  
       Mine Safety Disclosures   
       
      35   
 
      Item 5.  
       Other Information   
       
      35   
 
      Item 6.  
       Exhibits   
       
      36   

2   

Part I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1. Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  

FORM Holdings Corp. and Subsidiaries  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  

  (In thousands, except share and per share
data)  

The accompanying notes form an integral part
of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

3   

FORM Holdings Corp. and Subsidiaries  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS  

  (Unaudited)  

  (In thousands, except share and per share
data)  

The accompanying notes form an integral part
of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

4   

FORM Holdings Corp. and Subsidiaries  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES
IN STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY  

  (Unaudited)  

  (In thousands)  

The accompanying notes form an integral part
of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

5   

FORM Holdings Corp. and Subsidiaries  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH
FLOWS  

  (Unaudited)  

  (In thousands)  

The accompanying notes form an integral part
of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

6   

FORM Holdings Corp. and Subsidiaries  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  

  (Unaudited)  

  (In thousands, except for share and per share
data)  

Note 1. General  

Overview   

On May 6, 2016, Vringo, Inc. changed its name
to FORM Holdings Corp. ( FORM  or the  Company ) and concurrently announced its repositioning as a holding
company of small and middle market growth companies. The Company s focus is on acquiring and building companies that would
benefit from: 

additional capital;   

exposure to visibility from the public markets;   

talent recruiting;   

rebranding; and   

implementation of best practices.   

The Company s management team is committed
to execute on its strategy. The Company is industry agnostic, but limits the scope of its pipeline by looking only at companies
with a clear path to grow in excess of $100,000 in revenue. 

The Company s common stock, par value
$0.01 per share, which was previously listed on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the trading symbol  VRNG,  has been
listed under the trading symbol  FH  since May 9, 2016. 

The Company currently has three operating segments: 

Group Mobile 

FLI Charge 

Intellectual property 

Group Mobile is a growing premier supplier
of innovative and full-service mobile technology solutions, including rugged computers, tablets, mobile devices, accessories, a
full suite of professional services and other related products geared toward emergency first responders, municipalities and corporations.
In addition, Group Mobile specializes in high-quality customer service and support for those products. 

FLI Charge owns a patented conductive wireless
charging technology and focuses on the development and commercialization of its technology through the direct-to-consumer sale
of  conductive charging pads, phone cases, charging adaptors and other 
enablements, as well as partnerships and licensing agreements in various industries. FLI Charge is currently working with partners
 to implement  FLI Charge technology  in
various fields such as furniture and automotive . FLI Charge s business model is based on manufacturing and commercializing
its own conductive charging pads, phone cases,  charging adaptors and other
enablements as well as licensing its technology in exchange for recurring licensing revenue . 

The intellectual property operating segment
is focused on the innovation, development and monetization of intellectual property. The Company s portfolio consists of
over 600 patents and patent applications covering a range of technologies including telecom infrastructure, mobile devices, remote
monitoring and ad-insertion. 

Prior to December 31, 2013, the Company
operated a global platform for the distribution of mobile social applications and services. On February 18, 2014, the Company sold
its mobile social application business to InfoMedia Services Limited ( InfoMedia ), receiving an 8.25% ownership interest
in InfoMedia as consideration and a seat on the board of directors of InfoMedia. As part of the transaction, the Company has the
opportunity to license certain intellectual property assets and work with InfoMedia to identify and protect new intellectual property. 

On August
8, 2016, the Company entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the  Merger Agreement ) with FHXMS, LLC, a Delaware
limited liability company and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (the  Merger Sub ), XpresSpa Holdings, LLC, a
Delaware limited liability company ( XpresSpa ), the unitholders of XpresSpa who are parties thereto (the  Unitholders )
and Mistral XH Representative, LLC, as representative of the Unitholders (the  Representative ), pursuant to which
the Merger Sub will merge with and into XpresSpa, with XpresSpa being the surviving entity and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the
Company (the  Surviving Entity ) and the Unitholders becoming stockholders of FORM (the  Merger ).  The
Company is holding its annual meeting of stockholders on November 28, 2016 to approve, among other things, the Merger and the issuance
of shares of FORM Common Stock, FORM Preferred Stock and warrants to the Unitholders in connection with the Merger. Assuming stockholder
approval is received, the Company expects to complete the Merger shortly after the stockholders vote. 

Each of the Company s operating segments
are described below. 

Group Mobile  

Group Mobile is
a growing and innovative full, end-to-end solution provider for project lifecycle services including system integration, hardware
service support, pre- and post-deployment and customer support helpdesk. Group Mobile provides total hardware solutions, including
rugged laptops, tablets and handheld computers. Group Mobile also markets rugged mobile printers, vehicle computer docking and
mounting gear, power accessories, wireless communication products, antennas, carrying cases, and other peripherals, accessories
and add-ons needed to maximize productivity in a mobile- or field-computing environment. 

Group Mobile
operates a full-service e-commerce website with live chat, up-to-date product information and computer system configuration capabilities.
Group Mobile s goal is to ensure that its customers purchase the best products and services for their specific requirements.   

7   

Group Mobile purchases rugged mobile computing
equipment and complementary products from its primary distribution and manufacturing partners and sells them to enterprises, resellers,
and retail customers. Group Mobile s primary customers range from corporations to local governments, emergency first responders
and healthcare organizations. Group Mobile believes that its business is characterized by gross profits as a percentage of revenue
slightly higher than is commonly found in resellers of computing devices. The market for rugged mobile computing products is trending
towards an increase in the volume of unit sales combined with declining unit prices as the business transitions from primarily
being comprised of laptops to one primarily comprised of rugged tablets. As this transition has occurred, Group Mobile is seeing
shortened product life cycles and industry specific devices for segments such as healthcare. Group Mobile sets sale prices based
on the market supply and demand characteristics for each particular product. Group Mobile is highly dependent on the end-market
demand for rugged mobile computing products, which is influenced by many factors, including the introduction of new IT products
by OEM, replacement cycles for existing rugged mobile computing products, overall economic growth, local and state budgets, and
general business activity. 

Product costs represent Group Mobile s
single largest expense and product inventory is one of the largest working capital investments for Group Mobile. Group Mobile s
primary suppliers include Synnex Corporation, Ingram Micro Inc., and Xplore Technologies Corporation, which, combined, represent
approximately 80% of Group Mobile s inventory purchases. Group Mobile has reseller agreements with most of its OEM and distribution
partners. These agreements usually provide for nonexclusive resale and distribution rights. The agreements are generally short-term,
subject to periodic renewal, and often contain provisions permitting termination by either Group Mobile or the supplier without
cause upon relatively short notice. Furthermore, product procurement from the OEM suppliers is a highly complex process and, as
such, efficient and effective purchasing operations are critical to Group Mobile s success.  

FLI Charge  

FLI Charge is a wireless power company dedicated
to simplifying the way people power and charge the multitude of mobile electronic devices they use on a daily basis. By eliminating
the need to search and compete for outlets and charging cables, FLI Charge is improving the powering and charging experience for
all currently existing battery and DC powered devices. 

FLI Charge designs, develops, licenses, manufactures
and markets wireless conductive power and charging solutions. FLI Charge is currently working with partners in several verticals
to bring products to market. These verticals include education, office, hospitality, automotive and consumer electronics among
others. To date, FLI Charge has not yet generated any substantial revenue from its product sales. The Company believes that FLI
Charge s patented technology is the only wireless power solution that is fully interoperable between different mobile devices
ranging from smartphones to power tools, and many more. FLI Charge s wireless power solution can simultaneously power multiple
devices on the same pad no matter their power requirements or positions on the pad. 

FLI Charge s product line consists of
power pads or surfaces as well as devices that are connected to or embedded with FLI Charge enabling technology. FLI Charge pads
and surfaces are connected to a power source or battery. The surface of the pad has conductive contact strips that provide power
and are constantly monitored by control circuitry that immediately halts power transfer if an unapproved load or short-circuit
condition is detected. FLI Charge-enabled devices are embedded with the FLI Charge contact enablement that consists of four contact
points, known as the  constellation.  The constellation is designed to make an immediate and continuous electrical
connection with the contact strips regardless of the device s orientation on the pad. The enablement monitors the power coming
from the pad and ensures that the correct amount of power goes to the device. Once an approved FLI Charge device is placed on a
pad, power is transferred immediately to charge or power the device. 

FLI Charge launched its consumer product
line on Indiegogo, a crowdfunding platform, on June 15, 2016; the campaign was completed on August 15, 2016. The Company accounts
for funds raised from crowdfunding campaigns and presales, which were approximately $224, as deferred revenue on the condensed
consolidated balance sheets. FLI Charge expects to deliver products to the participants in the fourth quarter of 2016. 

Intellectual Property  

The intellectual property operating segment
is focused on the innovation, development and monetization of intellectual property. The Company s portfolio consists of
over 600 patents and patent applications covering  a range of technologies
including  telecom infrastructure,  mobile devices, remote monitoring
and  ad-insertion. 

The Company is currently focused on monetizing
its technology portfolio through a variety of value enhancing initiatives including, but not limited to, licensing, litigation
and strategic partnerships. 

8   

Recent Developments     

XpresSpa  

On August 8, 2016, the
Company entered into the Merger Agreement with the Merger Sub, XpresSpa, the Unitholders and the Representative, pursuant to which
the Merger Sub will merge with and into XpresSpa, with XpresSpa being the surviving entity and the Surviving Entity and the Unitholders
becoming stockholders of FORM. 

XpresSpa is a leading airport
retailer of spa services and related products. It is a well-recognized and popular airport spa brand with nearly three times the
number of U.S. locations as its closest competitor. It provides nearly 900,000 services per year. As of October 18, 2016, XpresSpa
operated 51 total locations in 44 terminals and 21 airports in three countries. XpresSpa also sells wellness and travel products
through its internet site,  www.xpresspa.com . Services and products include: 

massage services for the neck, back, feet and whole body;    

nail care, such as pedicures, manicures and polish changes;    

beauty care services such as waxing and facials;    

hair care, such as haircuts and blow outs;    

wellness products such as massagers, lotions and aromatherapy aids; and   

travel products such as neck pillows, blankets, massage tools, travel kits and eye masks.   

Upon completion of the
Merger, (i) the then-outstanding common units of XpresSpa (other than those held by the Company, which will be cancelled without
any consideration) and (ii) the then-outstanding preferred units of XpresSpa (other than those held by the Company, which will
be cancelled without any consideration) will be automatically converted into the right to receive an aggregate of: 

(b)  
      494,792 shares of newly designated Series D Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share, of FORM ( FORM Preferred Stock ) with an aggregate initial liquidation preference of $23,750, and   

(c)  
      five-year warrants to purchase an aggregate of 2,500,000 shares of FORM Common Stock, at an exercise price of $3.00 per share, each subject to adjustment in the event of a stock split, dividend or similar events.   

The FORM Preferred Stock shall be initially
convertible into an aggregate of 3,958,336 shares of FORM Common Stock, which equals a $6.00 per share conversion price, and each
holder of FORM Preferred Stock shall be entitled to vote on an as converted basis. The FORM Preferred Stock is senior to the FORM
Common Stock and the terms of the FORM Preferred Stock contain no restrictions on the Company s ability to issue additional
senior preferred securities or the Company s ability to issue additional preferred securities in the future. The Company
has the right, but not the obligation, upon ten trading days  notice to convert the outstanding shares of FORM Preferred
Stock into FORM Common Stock at the then applicable conversion ratio, at any time or from time to time, if the volume weighted
average price per share of the FORM Common Stock exceeds $9.00 for over any 20 days in a 30 consecutive trading day period. The
term of the FORM Preferred Stock is seven years, after which time FORM can repay the holders in shares of FORM Common Stock or
cash at the Company s election. If the Company elects to make a payment, or any portion thereof, in shares of FORM Common
Stock, the number of shares deliverable (the  Base Shares ) will be based on the volume weighted average price per
share of the FORM Common Stock for the 30 trading days prior to the date of calculation (the  Base Price ) plus an
additional number of shares of FORM Common Stock (the  Premium Shares ), calculated as follows: (i) if the Base Price
is greater than $9.00, no Premium Shares shall be issued, (ii) if the Base Price is greater than $7.00 and equal to or less than
$9.00, an additional number of shares equal to 5% of the Base Shares shall be issued, (iii) if the Base Price is greater than $6.00
and equal to or less than $7.00, an additional number of shares equal to 10% of the Base Shares shall be issued, (iv) if the Base
Price is greater than $5.00 and equal to or less than $6.00, an additional number of shares equal to 20% of the Base Shares shall
be issued and (v) if the Base Price is less than or equal to $5.00, an additional number of shares equal to 25% of the Base Shares
shall be issued. The FORM Preferred Stock will accrue interest at 9% per annum, or $4.32 per share of FORM Preferred Stock. 

In addition, the Company
entered into subscription agreements to sell 750,574 shares of its unregistered FORM Common Stock to certain holders of XpresSpa,
at a purchase price of $2.31 per share, for an aggregate purchase price of $1,734. 

On August
8, 2016, FORM purchased from XpresSpa an aggregate of 1,733,826 of Series C Preferred Units of XpresSpa, at a per unit purchase
price of $1.00 per unit, for an aggregate purchase price of $1,734, which is included in other current assets  in the condensed
consolidated balance sheets . The Series C Preferred Units of XpresSpa will have a preference in the
amount of its initial investment and shall bear 12% interest until the closing of the anticipated merger agreement.  

The Company is holding its annual meeting
of stockholders on November 28, 2016 to approve, among other things, the Merger and the issuance of shares of FORM Common Stock,
FORM Preferred Stock and warrants to the Unitholders in connection with the Merger. Assuming stockholder approval is received,
the Company expects to complete the Merger shortly after the stockholders vote. Immediately following the completion of the Merger
(without taking into account any shares of FORM Common Stock held by XpresSpa equity holders prior to the completion of the Merger),
the former Unitholders of XpresSpa are expected to own approximately 18% of the outstanding FORM Common Stock (or 33% of the outstanding
FORM Common Stock calculated on a fully diluted basis) and the current stockholders of the Company are expected to own approximately
82% of the outstanding FORM Common Stock (or 67% of the outstanding FORM Common Stock calculated on a fully diluted basis).  

9   

Impairment of Patents  

The Company s name
change and repositioning as a holding company was deemed a triggering event, which required the Company s patent assets to
be tested for impairment. In performing this impairment test, the Company determined that the patent portfolios, which together
represent an asset group, were subject to impairment testing. In the first step of the impairment test, the Company utilized its
projections of future undiscounted cash flows based on its existing plans for the patents. As a result, it was determined that
the Company s projections of future undiscounted cash flows were less than the carrying value of the asset group. Accordingly,
the Company performed the second step of the impairment test to measure the potential impairment by calculating the asset group s
fair value as of May 6, 2016. As a result, following amortization for the month of April, the Company recorded an impairment charge
of $11,937, which resulted in a new carrying value of $1,526 on May 6, 2016. Following the impairment, the Company reevaluated
the remaining useful life and concluded that there were no changes in the estimated useful life. 

Stockholder
                                         Rights Plan   

On March 18, 2016, the Company announced
that the Company s Board of Directors adopted a stockholder rights plan in the form of a Section 382 Rights Agreement designed
to preserve the Company s tax assets. As a part of the plan, the Company s Board of Directors declared a dividend of
one preferred-share-purchase right for each share of the Company s common stock outstanding as of March 29, 2016. Effective
on March 18, 2016, if any group or person acquires 4.99% or more of the Company s outstanding shares of common stock, or
if a group or person that already owns 4.99% or more of the Company s common stock acquires additional shares representing
0.5% or more of the Company s common stock, then, subject to certain exceptions, there would be a triggering event under
the plan. The rights would then separate from the Company s common stock and would be adjusted to become exercisable to purchase
shares of the Company s common stock having a market value equal to twice the purchase price of $9.50, resulting in significant
dilution in the ownership interest of the acquiring person or group. The Company s Board of Directors has the discretion
to exempt any acquisition of the Company s common stock from the provisions of the plan and has the ability to terminate
the plan prior to a triggering event. In connection with this plan, the Company filed a Certificate of Designation of Series C
Junior Preferred Stock with the Secretary of State of Delaware on March 18, 2016. 

Senior Secured Notes  

On March 9, 2016, the Company and the holders
(the  Investors ) of the Company s $12,500 Senior Secured Convertible Notes (the  Notes ), which
were originally issued by the Company in a registered direct offering on May 4, 2015, entered into an exchange note agreement (the
 Exchange Note Agreement ). Pursuant to the Exchange Note Agreement, the Company issued to the Investors an aggregate
of 703,644 shares of its common stock, par value $0.01 per share, in exchange for the reduction of $1,267 of the outstanding aggregate
principal amount of the Notes and $49 of accrued interest. As a result, the outstanding aggregate principal amount under the Notes
was reduced from $3,016 to $1,749 as of March 9, 2016. 

In addition, on March 9, 2016, the Company,
with the consent of each of the Investors, agreed to amend the Notes. Pursuant to the Amended and Restated Senior Secured Notes
(the  Amended Notes ) and the Indenture dated May 4, 2015, as supplemented by a First Supplemental Indenture dated
May 4, 2015 and further supplemented by a Second Supplemental Indenture (the  Second Supplemental Indenture ) dated
March 9, 2016: (i) the Amended Notes are no longer convertible into shares of the Company s common stock and will be payable
by the Company on the Maturity Date (as defined below) in cash only, (ii) the Maturity Date of the Amended Notes will extend to
June 30, 2017 (the  Maturity Date ), (iii) the Company will discontinue the payment of principal prior to the Maturity
Date (subject to certain exceptions), (iv) the interest rate increased from 8% to 10% per annum and will accrue on the outstanding
aggregate principal amount of the Amended Notes, payable monthly, and (v) the Company will pay to the Investors on the Maturity
Date 102% of the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the Amended Notes. The Company also agreed to maintain a cash balance
(including cash equivalents) of not less than $2,900. 

In addition, the Company agreed to reduce the
exercise price of the warrants to purchase an aggregate of 537,500 shares of the Company s common stock pursuant to the initial
agreement (the  May 2015 Warrants ) from $10.00 to $3.00 per share and the parties also agreed to remove from the May
2015 Warrants certain anti-dilution features. Other terms of the May 2015 Warrants remained the same. Furthermore, in connection
with the Amended Notes, the Company paid a restructuring fee of $50 to the Investors. 

On July 1, 2016, the Company repaid in
full its Amended Notes that were due on June 30, 2017. As required by the terms of the Amended Notes, notice of repayment was delivered
to the Investors on June 30, 2016. The Company repaid the Amended Notes in full, including a 15% fee for early repayment. The Company
used an aggregate of $2,011 of cash on hand for repayment of the Amended Notes. As a result of the repayment in full of the Amended
Notes, all liens on the Company s assets, including intellectual property, were released by the Investors. 

10   

Reverse Stock Split  

Unless otherwise noted, the information
contained in these condensed consolidated financial statements gives effect to a one-for-ten reverse stock split of our common
stock effected on November 27, 2015 (the  Reverse Stock Split ) on a retroactive basis for all periods presented. 

Note 2. Accounting and Reporting Policies  

(a) Basis of presentation and principles of consolidation   

The accompanying interim condensed consolidated
financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America
( U.S. GAAP ) for interim financial information, and should be read in conjunction with the Company's Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. All adjustments that, in the opinion of management, are necessary for a fair
presentation for the periods presented have been reflected by the Company as required by Regulation S-X, Rule 10-01. Such adjustments
are of a normal, recurring nature. The results of operations for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily
indicative of the results that may be expected for the entire fiscal year or for any other interim period. All significant intercompany
balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 

(b) Use of estimates   

The preparation of the accompanying condensed
consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make certain estimates and assumptions that
affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the
condensed consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses for the periods presented. Actual
results may differ from such estimates. Significant items subject to such estimates and assumptions include the Company s
valuation of intangible assets, the useful lives of the Company s intangible assets, the valuation of the Company s
derivative warrants, the valuation of stock-based compensation, deferred tax assets and liabilities, income tax uncertainties,
and other contingencies. 

(c) Accounting guidance adopted in 2016   

ASU No. 2015-03, Imputation of Interest
(Subtopic 835-30): Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs  

 During the nine-month period ended September
30, 2016, the Company adopted guidance on a retrospective basis that requires debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt
liability to be presented in the condensed consolidated balance sheets as a deduction from the carrying amount of such debt. As
a result of this adoption, the Company reclassified $73 of debt issuance costs as of December 31, 2015 from other current assets
to senior secured notes. 

ASU No. 2014-15, Presentation of Financial
Statements (Topic 205): Going Concern  

 During the nine-month period ended September
30, 2016, the Company adopted the standard that provides guidance around management's responsibility to evaluate whether there
is substantial doubt about an entity's ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures. The
adoption of this guidance did not have a material effect on the Company s condensed consolidated financial statements. 

ASU 2014-16, Derivatives and Hedging (Topic
815): Determining Whether the Host Contract in a Hybrid Financial Instrument Issued in the Form of a Share is More Akin to Debt
or to Equity  

 During the nine-month period ended September
30, 2016, the Company adopted the standard that clarifies how current U.S. GAAP should be interpreted in evaluating the economic
characteristics and risks of a host contract in a hybrid financial instrument that is issued in the form of a share. The adoption
of this guidance did not have a material effect on the Company s condensed consolidated financial statements. 

(d) Reclassification   

On November 27, 2015, the Company implemented
the Reverse Stock Split, which became effective at the opening of trading on the NASDAQ on that date. As of November 27, 2015,
every 10 shares of the Company s issued and outstanding common stock were combined into one share of its common stock, except
to the extent that the Reverse Stock Split resulted in any of the Company s stockholders owning a fractional share, which
was rounded up to the next highest whole share. In connection with the Reverse Stock Split, there was no change in the nominal
par value per share of $0.01 and the Company s authorized shares. 

Certain balances have been reclassified to
conform to presentation requirements, including to retroactively present the effect of the Reverse Stock Split. All references
to the number of shares of common stock, price per share and weighted average shares of common stock have been adjusted to reflect
the Reverse Stock Split on a retroactive basis for all periods presented, unless otherwise noted. 

As a result of the adoption by the Company
of  ASU No. 2015-03  on a retrospective basis, during the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016, the Company reclassified
$73 of debt issuance costs as of December 31, 2015 from other current assets to senior secured notes. 

(e) Intangible assets   

Intangible assets include purchased patents,
which are recorded based on the cost to acquire them, as well as trade names, customer relationships and technology, which were
acquired as part of the acquisition of International Development Group Limited ( IDG ) in the fourth quarter of 2015
and are recorded based on the estimated fair value in purchase price allocation. The intangible assets are amortized over their
estimated useful lives, which are periodically evaluated for reasonableness. 

The Company s intangible assets are reviewed
for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable.
In assessing the recoverability of the Company s intangible assets, the Company must make estimates and assumptions regarding
future cash flows and other factors to determine the fair value of the respective assets. These estimates and assumptions could
have a significant impact on whether an impairment charge is recognized and also the magnitude of any such charge. Fair value estimates
are made at a specific point in time, based on relevant information. These estimates are subjective in nature and involve uncertainties
and matters of significant judgments and therefore cannot be determined with precision. Changes in assumptions could significantly
affect the estimates. If these estimates or material related assumptions change in the future, the Company may be required to record
impairment charges related to its intangible assets. 

11   

(f) Deferred revenue   

Deferred revenue includes (i) payments received
from customers in advance of providing the product and (ii) amounts deferred if other conditions of revenue recognition have not
been met. The Company accounts for funds raised from crowdfunding campaigns and pre-sales as deferred revenue. 

Note 3. Net Loss per Share of Common Stock  

Basic net loss per share is computed by dividing
the net loss for the period by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted net
loss per share is computed by dividing the net loss for the period by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock plus
dilutive potential common stock considered outstanding during the period. However, as the Company generated net loss in all periods
presented, some potentially dilutive securities, including certain warrants and stock options, were not reflected in diluted net
loss per share because the impact of such instruments was anti-dilutive. 

The table below presents the computation of
basic and diluted net loss per share of common stock: 

Note 4. Business Combination  

On October 15, 2015, the Company acquired IDG.
Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Company acquired 100% of the capital stock of IDG. Group Mobile and 70% of FLI Charge were
also acquired through the purchase of IDG. Group Mobile is a company with full-service customer support in rugged computers, mobile
devices and accessories. FLI Charge owns patented conductive wireless charging technology and is focused on innovation, sales,
manufacturing and licensing its technology in various industries, such as automotive, furniture and others. 

As consideration for the acquisition,
the Company issued an equivalent of 1,666,667 common stock (after giving effect to the Reverse Stock Split), which were issued
as follows: (i) 1,604,167 shares of the Company s newly designated Series B Convertible Preferred Stock ( Series B
Preferred ), convertible into 1,604,167 shares of the Company s common stock, (ii) 57,500 shares of the Company s
unregistered common stock issued to one of the sellers, who is a former chief executive officer and director of IDG, in consideration
of his forgiveness of debt and (iii) 5,000 shares of the Company s common stock for transaction related services. A total
of 240,625 Series B Preferred shares were placed in escrow to secure certain of the sellers  indemnity obligations under
the Purchase Agreement for a period of up to 12 months. On November 27, 2015, all Series B Preferred outstanding shares were converted
into unregistered common stock of the Company, resulting in the issuance of 1,604,167 shares of common stock. Shares held in escrow
were released to the sellers in April and November 2016. 

Purchase consideration value was determined
based on the market value of the Company s common stock at the date of the transactions, discounted for the fact that the
shares are restricted as to their marketability for a period of six months from the issuance date. 

The transaction has been accounted for as a
business combination. Assets acquired and liabilities assumed were recorded at their fair values at the closing date. The purchase
price consideration was as follows: 

12   

The purchase price for the acquisition was
allocated to the net tangible and intangible assets based on their fair values as of the closing date. The excess of the purchase
price over the net tangible assets and intangible assets was recorded as goodwill. The purchase price allocation was as follows: 

The allocation of the purchase price was based
upon a valuation and the Company's estimates and assumptions, which are subject to change within the measurement period (up to
one year from the acquisition dates). The principal area of potential purchase price adjustments relate to the shares placed in
escrow. 

In connection with the acquisition, the Company
also entered into a Consulting Agreement with IDG s former chief executive officer and director for a term of six months
and payment of $9 per month. The Company also issued to a finder a warrant to purchase up to an aggregate of 50,000 shares of common
stock of the Company, at an exercise price of $5.00 per share, expiring on April 15, 2021. The fair value of the warrant was $114
and was recorded as an expense in general and administrative expenses. 

On December 28, 2015, the Company acquired
the remaining 30% interest in FLI Charge from third parties. In conjunction with the transaction, the Company issued 110,000 shares
of its unregistered common stock for total consideration of $262. The fair value of the consideration for financial reporting
purposes was determined based on the market value of the shares at the date of the transaction, discounted due to the restricted
nature of the shares and the effect this has on their marketability. The issuance of these shares has no impact on the allocation
of the purchase consideration pursuant to  FASB ASC 810  and was recorded as an equity transaction. 

Note 5. Intangible Assets  

The following table provides information regarding the Company s
intangible assets, which consist of the following: 

The Company recorded customer relationships,
trade name and technology as part of the acquisition of Group Mobile and FLI Charge completed on October 15, 2015. Additionally,
during 2016, the Company has capitalized costs for software related to the build-out of Group Mobile s new website. Amortization
has not been recorded for the software as it has not yet been placed into service. The patent assets consist of several major patent
portfolios, which were acquired from third parties, as well as a number of internally-developed patents. The costs related to internally-developed
patents are expensed as incurred. 

The Company s intangible assets are amortized
over their expected useful lives. During the three-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recorded amortization
expense of $203 and $819, respectively. During the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recorded amortization
expense of $1,467 and $2,436, respectively. 

During the nine-month period ended September
30, 2016, the Company determined that there were impairment indicators related to certain of its patents. A significant factor
considered when making this determination occurred on May 6, 2016, when  Vringo, Inc.  changed its name to  FORM
Holdings Corp.  and concurrently announced its repositioning as a holding company of small and middle market growth companies.
The Company concluded that this factor was deemed a  triggering  event, which required the related patent assets to
be tested for impairment. In performing this impairment test, the Company determined that the patent portfolios, which together
represent an asset group, were subject to impairment testing. In the first step of the impairment test, the Company utilized its
projections of future undiscounted cash flows based on the Company s existing plans for the patents. As a result, it was
determined that the Company s projections of future undiscounted cash flows were less than the carrying value of the asset
group. Accordingly, the Company performed the second step of the impairment test to measure the impairment by calculating the
asset group s fair value as of May 6, 2016. 

As a result, following amortization for
the month of April, the Company recorded an impairment charge of $11,937, or 88.7% of the carrying value of the patents prior to
impairment. This resulted in a new carrying value of $1,526 on May 6, 2016. The impairment charge is included in amortization and
impairment of intangible assets in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. Following the impairment, the Company reevaluated
the remaining useful life and concluded that there were no changes in the estimated useful life. There were no impairment indicators
related to any of the Company s other amortizable intangible assets during the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016. 

13   

The following table provides information regarding
the Company s goodwill, which relates to the purchase of IDG completed on October 15, 2015. There were no indicators of impairment
of goodwill as of September 30, 2016. 

Note 6. General and administrative expenses  

The Company s general and administrative
expenses grew significantly for both the three-month and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the three-month
and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2015. The increases were primarily due to two key factors: 1) merger and acquisition
costs related to the Merger with XpresSpa and 2) general and administrative costs associated with Group Mobile and FLI Charge.
During the three-month and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016, the Company incurred $952 and $1,008 of merger and acquisition
costs, respectively, associated with legal, diligence, valuation, and other costs pertaining to the Merger with XpresSpa. Following
the acquisition of Group Mobile and FLI Charge during the fourth quarter of 2015, the Company experienced an increase in salaries
and benefits due to the expanded workforce of the additional operating segments and incurred advertising and marketing costs for
Group Mobile and FLI Charge s product lines and product development costs as FLI Charge continued to develop and improve
its product line. These increases in general and administrative expenses were offset by significant decreases in the stock-based
compensation expense, which resulted from equity awards granted in 2012 and 2013 becoming fully vested during the latter half of
2015, as well as insurance, accounting, and audit fees. 

The following table shows the breakout
of key categories of general and administrative expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

Note 7. Segment Information  

The Company currently has three operating
segments, Group Mobile, FLI Charge and intellectual property, which accumulate revenue and expenses. Additionally, the Company
allocates certain expenses to its non-operating corporate segment. The corporate segment represents general and administrative
expenses as well as net non-operating income (expense) that are not specific to any of FORM s operating segments, but represent
expenses incurred on behalf of the parent company, a holding company. 

The corporate segment s assets are mainly
comprised of cash and cash equivalents. 

14   

Note 8. Senior Secured Notes  

As of December 31, 2015, total outstanding
principal was $4,206. Between January 1, 2016 and March 9, 2016, the Company made two principal payments in the aggregate amount
of $1,190. The Company elected to make these principal payments in shares of the Company s common stock, which are issued
at a 15% discount to the market price data. As such, the Company issued 1,032,332 shares in lieu of principal payments and recorded
$210 as extinguishment of debt expense in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. 

On March 9, 2016, the Company and the Investors
entered into the Exchange Note Agreement. Pursuant to the Exchange Note Agreement, the Company issued to the Investors an aggregate
of 703,644 shares of its common stock in exchange for the reduction of $1,267 of the outstanding aggregate principal amount of
the Notes and $49 of accrued interest. As a result, the outstanding aggregate principal amount under the Notes was reduced from
$3,016 to $1,749 as of March 9, 2016. 

In addition, on March 9, 2016, the Company,
with the consent of each of the Investors, agreed to amend the Notes. Pursuant to the Amended Notes and the Indenture dated May
4, 2015, as supplemented by a First Supplemental Indenture dated May 4, 2015 and further supplemented by the Second Supplemental
Indenture dated March 9, 2016: (i) the Amended Notes are no longer convertible into shares of the Company s common stock
and will be payable by the Company on the Maturity Date in cash only, (ii) the Maturity Date of the Amended Notes will extend to
June 30, 2017, (iii) the Company will discontinue the payment of principal prior to the Maturity Date (subject to certain exceptions),
(iv) the interest rate increased from 8% to 10% per annum and will accrue on the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the
Amended Notes, payable monthly, and (v) the Company will pay to the Investors on the Maturity Date 102% of the outstanding aggregate
principal amount of the Amended Notes. The Company also agreed to maintain a cash balance (including cash equivalents) of not less
than $2,900. 

In addition, the Company agreed to reduce the
exercise price of the May 2015 Warrants from $10.00 to $3.00 per share and the parties also agreed to remove from the May 2015
Warrants certain anti-dilution features. Other terms of the May 2015 Warrants remained the same. Furthermore, in connection with
the Amended Notes, the Company paid a restructuring fee of $50 to the Investors. 

15   

On July 1, 2016, the Company repaid in
full its Amended Notes that were due on June 30, 2017. As required by the terms of the Amended Notes, notice of repayment was delivered
to the Investors on June 30, 2016. The Company repaid the Amended Notes in full, including a 15% fee for early repayment. The Company
used an aggregate of $2,011 of cash on hand for repayment of the Amended Notes. As a result of the repayment in full of the Amended
Notes, all liens on the Company s assets, including its intellectual property, were released by the Investors. 

The table below summarizes changes in the
book value of the Notes from December 31, 2015 to September 30, 2016: 

Note 9. Fair Value Measurements  

The following table presents the placement
in the fair value hierarchy of liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015: 

The Company measures its derivative liabilities
at fair value. The May 2015 Warrants were classified within Level 3 because they were valued using the Black-Scholes-Merton model,
which utilizes significant inputs that are unobservable in the market. They are recorded as derivative warrant liabilities as they
are freestanding instruments and there are several features within the warrants that may require the Company to cash settle or
partially cash settle. In particular, the Company may have to cash settle, partially cash settle, or make cash payments to the
Investors including cash settlement upon exercise when insufficient shares are authorized to be issued, and that the Company is
obligated to issue registered shares when the warrants are exercised. The derivative warrant liabilities are initially measured
at fair value and marked to market at each balance sheet date. 

In addition to the above, the Company s
financial instruments as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 consisted of cash, cash equivalents, receivables, accounts
payable, deposits and Notes. The carrying amounts of all the aforementioned financial instruments approximate fair value because
of the short-term maturities of these instruments. 

16   

The following table summarizes the changes
in the Company s liabilities measured at fair value using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) during the nine-month
period ended September 30, 2016: 

Valuation processes for Level 3 Fair Value Measurements   

Fair value measurement of the derivative warrant
liabilities falls within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. The fair value measurements are evaluated by management to ensure
that changes are consistent with expectations of management based upon the sensitivity and nature of the inputs. 

September 30, 2016: 

December 31, 2015: 

Sensitivity of Level 3 measurements to
changes in significant unobservable inputs   

The inputs to estimate the fair value of the
Company s derivative warrant liabilities and conversion feature were the current market price of the Company s common
stock, the exercise price of the warrants and conversion feature, their remaining expected term, the volatility of the Company s
common stock price and the risk-free interest rate over the expected term. Significant changes in any of those inputs in isolation
can result in a significant change in the fair value measurement. 

Generally, an increase in the market price
of the Company s shares of common stock, an increase in the volatility of the Company s shares of common stock, and
an increase in the remaining term of the warrants and conversion feature would each result in a directionally similar change in
the estimated fair value of the Company s warrants. Such changes would increase the associated liability while decreases
in these assumptions would decrease the associated liability. An increase in the risk-free interest rate or a decrease in the differential
between the warrants  and conversion feature s exercise prices and the market price of the Company s shares of
common stock would result in a decrease in the estimated fair value measurement and thus a decrease in the associated liability.
The Company has not, and does not plan to, declare dividends on its common stock, and as such, there is no change in the estimated
fair value of the warrants and conversion feature due to the dividend assumption. 

The following table presents the placement
in the fair value hierarchy of intangible assets measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis as of September 30, 2016 due to
impairment. There was no impairment of intangible assets for the period ended December 31, 2015 and, as such, no fair value measurement
was performed: 

Fair value measurement at reporting date using     

Quoted prices in       

active markets       
     Significant other       
     Significant     

for identical       
     observable       
     unobservable     

Balance       
     assets (Level 1)       
     inputs (Level 2)       
     inputs (Level 3)     
 
     September 30, 2016:    

Patents    
     $  1,391       
     $          
     $          
     $  1,391     

During the nine-month period ended September
30, 2016, the Company recorded a noncash impairment charge of $11,937 to reduce the net carrying value of its patent assets to
its estimated fair value of $1,526. Following the impairment charge, the net carrying value of the patent assets was reduced to
$1,391 as of September 30, 2016 due to additional amortization expense during the period. The fair value of these assets were classified
as Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy using an income-based approach. 

Note 10. Warrants  

The following table summarizes information
about warrant activity during the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016: 

17   

On March 9, 2016, the Company modified
the exercise price of the May 2015 Warrants, which are recorded as derivative warrant liabilities, from $10.00 to $3.00. There
were no changes to other terms of the May 2015 Warrants (see Note 8). The change in fair value of the May 2015 Warrants as a result
of the exercise price modification was accounted for as a debt discount to be amortized over the remaining term of the Amended
Notes. 

Certain of the Company s outstanding
warrants are classified as equity warrants and certain are classified as derivative warrant liabilities. The Company s outstanding
equity warrants as of September 30, 2016 consist of the following: 

The Company s outstanding derivative warrants as of September
30, 2016 consist of the following: 

Note 11. Stock-based Compensation  

The Company has a stock-based compensation
plan available to grant stock options and RSUs to the Company s directors, employees and consultants. Under the 2012 Employee,
Director and Consultant Equity Incentive Plan (the  Plan ), a maximum of 1,560,000 shares of common stock may be awarded
(after giving effect to the one-for-ten reverse stock split). In 2015, the Company amended its Plan, so that a maximum number of
shares of common stock that may be awarded was increased to 2,100,000 (the  Amended Plan ). As of September 30, 2016,
302,510 shares were available for future grants under the Plan. Total stock-based compensation expense for the three-month periods
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $485 and $1,066, respectively. Total stock-based compensation expense for the nine-month
periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $1,447 and $4,191, respectively. 

The following table illustrates the stock options
granted during the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016. 

In addition to the stock options listed
in the table above, on April 4, 2016, the Company's Board of Directors authorized another 2,260,000 stock options to be granted
to management and employees. This amount of stock options granted was greater than the amount available under the Amended Plan
and, as such, the stock options were not issued to management and employees as they require stockholder approval. These stock options
are expected to be granted when stockholders  approval is received in the fourth quarter of 2016. 

The following table illustrates the RSUs granted
during the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016. 

The activity related to stock options and RSUs
during the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 consisted of the following: 

The Company did not recognize tax benefits
related to its stock-based compensation as there is a full valuation allowance recorded for deferred tax assets. 

Note 12. Related Parties Transactions  

The Company engaged various
third parties to perform valuations, legal, financial and tax due diligence associated with the XpresSpa Merger and other merger
and acquisition projects. Among the service providers, the Company engaged RedRidge Lender Services LLC ( RedRidge )
to perform financial due diligence. The audit committee of the Company s CEO and certain members of his family own a minority
equity position in RedRidge, which may be considered a related party. The audit committee of the Company s Board of Directors
reviewed and approved the engagement of RedRidge. The fee for the XpresSpa engagement was $101 and the fees for other engagements
were $60, all of which, except for $10, were incurred in the three-month period ended September 30, 2016. These fees are reflected
in general and administrative expenses for the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 in the condensed consolidated
statements of operations. 

18   

Note 13. Income Taxes  

As of September 30, 2016, deferred tax
assets generated from the Company s U.S. activities were fully offset by a valuation allowance because realization depends
on generating future taxable income, which, in the Company s estimation, is not more likely than not to be generated before
such net operating loss carryforwards expire. 

The Company did not have any material unrecognized
tax benefits as of September 30, 2016. The Company does not expect to record any additional material provisions for unrecognized
tax benefits within the next year. 

Note 14. Commitments and Contingencies  

FLI Charge   

FLI Charge launched its consumer product
line on Indiegogo, a crowdfunding platform, on June 15, 2016; the campaign was completed on August 15, 2016.  The
Company accounts for  funds raised from crowdfunding campaigns and presales, which were approximately $224, as deferred revenue
on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. FLI Charge expects to deliver products to the participants in the fourth quarter
of 2016. 

Litigation and legal proceedings   

ZTE  

On December 7, 2015, the Company entered into
a confidential settlement and license agreement (the  Settlement Agreement ) with ZTE Corporation and its affiliates
(collectively,  ZTE ), pursuant to which the parties withdrew all pending litigations and proceedings against each
other and the Company granted ZTE a non-exclusive, non-transferable, worldwide perpetual license to certain patents and patent
applications owned by the Company. 

In several jurisdictions, though ZTE requested
that government organizations close proceedings against FORM, those organizations make such determinations on their own volition.
In China, ZTE requested that the National Developmental and Reform Commission ( NDRC ) conclude its investigation against
FORM; however, it is not clear whether the NDRC has closed its investigation. 

In addition, in China and the Netherlands,
FORM continues to appeal patent invalidity rulings issued in connection with proceedings originally brought by ZTE. In each instance,
ZTE has indicated that it will not oppose FORM s appeals, though FORM must still plead its case before the respective adjudicatory
body in each jurisdiction. No liability is expected or recorded for the ZTE-related legal proceedings. 

All deposits that had been posted with the courts in connection with our litigation with ZTE have been
returned. 

ASUS  

In March 2016, the Company and ASUSTeK Computer
Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively,  ASUS ) settled their disputes and ended all litigations between them. The
Company and Google, Inc. ( Google ), who intervened as a party in the Company s litigation against ASUS in India,
have agreed to withdraw their respective outstanding claims against one another. The Company and Google are currently
in the process of finalizing such withdrawals, and each party will cover its own costs. 

Other  

The Company is currently in discussions
with the previous owner of some of its patents regarding whether the entirety of the payment received from ZTE in December 2015
is subject to the royalty rate under the Confidential Patent Purchase Agreement dated August 9, 2012. 

The Company is also engaged in other litigation,
for which no liability is recorded, as the Company does not expect any material negative outcome. 

Leases   

The Company leases office space in New
York, NY for its corporate headquarters. Minimum annual lease payments are approximately $403 (subject to certain future escalations
and adjustments). This lease will expire in October 2019. Group Mobile has a lease for its office space in Chandler, AZ. The annual
rental fee is approximately $72; the current lease, which originally was due to expire on June 30, 2016, was amended in February
2016 and extended until July 31, 2019. Rent expense for operating leases for the three and nine month periods ended September 30,
2016 were $109 and $327, respectively. Rent expense for operating leases for the three and nine month periods ended September 30,
2015 were $91 and $274, respectively. 

19   

Item 2.   Management s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations.  

This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains
 forward-looking statements  that involve risks and uncertainties, as well as assumptions that, if they never materialize
or prove incorrect, could cause our results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.
The statements contained herein that are not purely historical are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A
of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Forward-looking
statements are often identified by the use of words such as, but not limited to,  anticipates,   believes, 
 can,   continues,   could,   estimates,   expects,   intends, 
 may,   will be,   plans,   projects,   seeks,   should, 
 targets,   will,   would,  and similar expressions or variations intended to identify forward-looking
statements. These statements are based on the beliefs and assumptions of our management based on information currently available
to management. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other important factors that could cause
actual results and the timing of certain events to differ materially from future results expressed or implied by such forward-looking
statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those identified below,
and those discussed in the section titled  Risk Factors  included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2015 filed on March 10, 2016 (the  2015 Annual Report ) and this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and any
future reports we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). The forward-looking statements set forth
herein speak only as of the date of this report. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking
statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of such statements, except as required by law.  

All references in this Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q to  we,   us  and  our  refer to FORM Holdings Corp. (prior to May 5, 2016, known
as  Vringo, Inc. ), a Delaware corporation, and its consolidated subsidiaries.  

Overview   

On May 6, 2016, we changed the name of our
company from Vringo, Inc. to FORM Holdings Corp. ( FORM  or the  Company ) and concurrently announced
our repositioning as a holding company of small and middle market growth companies. Our focus is on acquiring and building companies
that would benefit from:  

additional capital;   

exposure to visibility from the public markets;   

talent recruiting;   

rebranding; and   

implementation of best practices.   

Our management team is committed to execute
on our strategy. We are industry agnostic, but limit the scope of our pipeline by looking only at companies with a clear path to
grow in excess of $100,000,000 in revenue. 

Our common stock, par value $0.01 per share,
which was previously listed on The NASDAQ Capital Market under the trading symbol  VRNG,  has been listed under the
trading symbol  FH  since May 9, 2016. 

We currently have three operating segments: 

Group Mobile 

FLI Charge 

Intellectual property 

Prior to December 31, 2013, we operated a global
platform for the distribution of mobile social applications and services. On February 18, 2014, we sold our mobile social application
business to InfoMedia Services Limited ( InfoMedia ), receiving an 8.25% ownership interest in InfoMedia as consideration
and a seat on the board of directors of InfoMedia. As part of the transaction, we have the opportunity to license certain intellectual
property assets and work with InfoMedia to identify and protect new intellectual property. 

Segments  

We operate in three operating segments: Group Mobile, FLI Charge
and intellectual property. 

Our Strategy and Outlook   

Group Mobile is
a supplier of built-to-order rugged computers, mobile devices and accessories. We plan to increase Group Mobile s revenue,
which we believe can be achieved by adding new products, exploring new distribution verticals, such as military and government,
and increasing the sales team s geographic coverage.  In addition, we plan to continue to enhance our intellectual
property rights around our FLI Charge technology and products.  FLI Charge  plans to strengthen
and develop partnerships in numerous markets including automotive, education, office, healthcare, power tools and vaporizers. Our
strategy for our intellectual property operating segment is to continue to monetize our existing portfolio of intellectual property
through licensing and strategic partnerships. 

Group Mobile   

Group Mobile is a
growing and innovative full, end-to-end solution provider for project lifecycle services including system integration, hardware
service support, pre- and post-deployment and customer support helpdesk. Group Mobile provides total hardware solutions, including
rugged laptops, tablets, and handheld computers. Group Mobile also markets rugged mobile printers, vehicle computer docking and
mounting gear, power accessories, wireless communication products, antennas, carrying cases and other peripherals, accessories
and add-ons needed to maximize productivity in a mobile- or field-computing environment. Group Mobile s professional service
offerings are evolving into project lifecycle services including technology consultations, development and deployment, project
and asset management, equipment installation, break-fix, hardware service technical support, 24-7 helpdesk and more. 

20   

Group Mobile is moving
aggressively to provide industry leading Law Enforcement In-Vehicle  Video and Body Worn  camera solutions to meet
the complex mobile technology demands of thousands of law enforcement agencies and officers in the United States ( U.S. )
market. Key to the Group Mobile long-term strategy is the complete professional services, post deployment services and lifecycle
management of Group Mobile offerings to bring stability to the customer mobile technology platforms. 

Group Mobile purchases
rugged mobile computing equipment and complementary products from its primary distribution and manufacturing partners and sells
them to enterprises, resellers, and retail customers. Our primary customers range from corporations to local governments, emergency
first responders and healthcare organizations. We believe that Group Mobile s business is characterized by gross profits
as a percentage of revenue slightly higher than is commonly found in resellers of computing devices. The market for rugged mobile
computing products is trending towards an increase in the volume of unit sales combined with declining unit prices as the business
transitions from primarily being comprised of laptops to one primarily comprised of rugged tablets. As this transition has occurred,
Group Mobile is seeing shortened product life cycles and industry specific devices for segments such as healthcare. Group Mobile
sets sale prices based on the market supply and demand characteristics for each particular product. Group Mobile is highly dependent
on the end-market demand for rugged mobile computing products, which is influenced by many factors including the introduction of
new IT products by OEM, replacement cycles for existing rugged mobile computing products, overall economic growth, local and state
budgets, and general business activity. 

Product costs represent the single largest
expense and product inventory is one of the largest working capital investments for Group Mobile. Group Mobile s primary
suppliers include Synnex Corporation, Ingram Micro Inc., and Xplore Technologies Corporation, which, combined, represent approximately
80% of Group Mobile s inventory purchases. We have reseller agreements with most of our OEM and distribution partners. These
agreements usually provide for nonexclusive resale and distribution rights. The agreements are generally short-term, subject to
periodic renewal, and often contain provisions permitting termination by either our supplier or us without cause upon relatively
short notice. Furthermore, product procurement from the OEM suppliers is a highly complex process and, as such, efficient and effective
purchasing operations are critical to Group Mobile s success. 

FLI Charge   

FLI Charge is a wireless power company dedicated
to making it easier for people to power and charge the multitude of mobile electronic devices they use on a daily basis. By eliminating
the need to search and compete for outlets and charging cables, we are improving the powering and charging experience for all battery
and DC powered devices. 

FLI Charge designs, develops, licenses, manufactures
and markets wireless conductive power and charging solutions. FLI Charge is currently working with partners in several verticals
to bring products to market. These verticals include education, office, hospitality, automotive and consumer electronics among
others. To date, we have not yet generated any substantial revenue from our products. We believe that FLI Charge s patented
technology is the only wireless power solution that is fully interoperable between different mobile devices ranging from smartphones
to power tools, and many more. FLI Charge s wireless power solution can simultaneously power multiple devices on the same
pad no matter their power requirements or positions on the pad. 

The FLI Charge ecosystem consists of power
pads or surfaces as well as devices that are connected to or embedded with FLI Charge enabling technology. FLI Charge pads and
surfaces are connected to a power source or battery. The surface of the pad has conductive contact strips that provide power and
are constantly monitored by control circuitry that immediately halts power transfer if an unapproved load or short-circuit condition
is detected. FLI Charge-enabled devices are embedded with the FLI Charge contact enablement that consists of four contact points,
known as the FLI Charge  constellation.  The constellation is designed to make an immediate and continuous electrical
connection with the contact strips regardless of the device s orientation on the pad. The enablement monitors the power coming
from the pad and ensures that the correct amount of power goes to the device. Once an approved FLI Charge device is placed on a
pad, power is transferred immediately to charge or power the device. 

There are several competing wireless charging
technologies on the market or under development today. The most popular competing technology is inductive wireless charging, in
which magnetic induction uses a magnetic coil to create resonance, which can transmit energy over a relatively short distance.
The amount of power delivered is a function of the size of the coils, and the coils must be aligned and paired within a typical
distance of less than one inch. Products utilizing magnetic induction have been available for 10+ years in products such as rechargeable
electronic toothbrushes and pace makers. The leading inductive technologies deliver a maximum of 10-15 watts. Other competing technologies
include magnetic resonance, RF harvesting, laser and ultrasound. 

As compared to each of the competing wireless
technologies above, we believe that our conductive technology exhibits many competitive advantages including: 

charge rates/efficiency
  FLI Charge pads charge devices nearly as fast as plugging them into a wall outlet;  

multiple devices  
FLI Charge pads can charge or power multiple devices at the same time without reducing the charging speed;  

safety   FLI Charge s
technology is as safe as plugging devices into a wall outlet;  

maximum power  
FLI Charge pads can supply as much as 150 watts of power, which is enough to charge or power devices with relatively high power
requirements such as power tool batteries and flat screen monitors;  

positioning freedom
  FLI Charge s technology allows for devices to be placed in any orientation, anywhere on the pad, without sacrificing
any charging speed; and  

compatibility  
all FLI Charge enabled electronic devices are compatible with all FLI Charge pads.  

FLI Charge launched its consumer product
line on Indiegogo, a crowdfunding platform, on June 15, 2016; the campaign was completed on August 15, 2016.  We
account for  funds raised from crowdfunding campaigns and presales, which were approximately $224, as deferred revenue on
the condensed consolidated balance sheets. FLI Charge expects to deliver products to the participants in the fourth quarter of
2016. 

We are currently contemplating financing
the expansion of the FLI Charge operating segment through a direct investment in the FLI Charge subsidiary in the form of a convertible
preferred security, which may be exchangeable for our common stock under certain circumstances. No assurance can be made that such
financing will occur on the terms currently contemplated or at all. 

Intellectual Property   

Our intellectual property operating segment
is engaged in the innovation, development and monetization of intellectual property. Our portfolio consists of over 600 patents
and patent applications covering telecom infrastructure, internet search, ad-insertion and mobile technologies. 

We are currently focused
on monetizing our technology portfolio through a variety of value enhancing initiatives including, but not limited to, licensing,
litigation and strategic partnerships. For further information regarding our intellectual property enforcement activities, refer
to Part II, Item 1, Legal Proceedings, in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

21   

Recent Developments   

XpresSpa  

On August 8, 2016, we entered
into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the  Merger Agreement ) with FHXMS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company
and our wholly-owned subsidiary (the  Merger Sub ), XpresSpa Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company ( XpresSpa ),
the unitholders of XpresSpa who are parties thereto (the  Unitholders ) and Mistral XH Representative, LLC, as representative
of the Unitholders (the  Representative ), pursuant to which the Merger Sub will merge with and into XpresSpa, with
XpresSpa being the surviving entity and our wholly-owned subsidiary (the  Surviving Entity ) and the Unitholders becoming
our stockholders (the  Merger ). 

XpresSpa is a leading airport retailer of spa
services and related products, and also sells spa products through its internet site. Services and products include: (i) massage
services for the neck, back, feet and whole body, (ii) nail care, such as pedicures, manicures and polish changes, (iii) beauty
care services such as waxing and facials, (iv) hair care, such as haircuts and blow outs, (v) spa products such as massagers, lotions
and aromatherapy aids and (vi) travel products such as neck pillows and eye masks. 

Upon completion of the Merger,
(i) the then-outstanding common units of XpresSpa (other than those held by us, which will be cancelled without any consideration)
and (ii) the then-outstanding preferred units of XpresSpa (other than those held by us, which will be cancelled without any consideration)
will be automatically converted into the right to receive an aggregate of: 

(c)  five-year warrants to purchase an aggregate of 2,500,000
shares of FORM Common Stock, at an exercise price of $3.00 per share, each subject to adjustment in the event of a stock split,
dividend or similar events. 

The FORM Preferred Stock shall be initially
convertible into an aggregate of 3,958,336 shares of FORM Common Stock, which equals a $6.00 per share conversion price, and each
holder of FORM Preferred Stock shall be entitled to vote on an as converted basis. The FORM Preferred Stock is senior to the FORM
Common Stock and the terms of the FORM Preferred Stock contain no restrictions on our ability to issue additional senior preferred
securities or our ability to issue additional preferred securities in the future. We have the right, but not the obligation, upon
ten trading days  notice to convert the outstanding shares of FORM Preferred Stock into FORM Common Stock at the then applicable
conversion ratio, at any time or from time to time, if the volume weighted average price per share of the FORM Common Stock exceeds
$9.00 for over any 20 days in a 30 consecutive trading day period. The term of the FORM Preferred Stock is seven years, after which
time we can repay the holders in shares of FORM Common Stock or cash at our election. If we elect to make a payment, or any portion
thereof, in shares of FORM Common Stock, the number of shares deliverable (the  Base Shares ) will be based on the
volume weighted average price per share of FORM Common Stock for the 30 trading days prior to the date of calculation (the  Base
Price ) plus an additional number of shares of FORM Common Stock (the  Premium Shares ), calculated as follows:
(i) if the Base Price is greater than $9.00, no Premium Shares shall be issued, (ii) if the Base Price is greater than $7.00 and
equal to or less than $9.00, an additional number of shares equal to 5% of the Base Shares shall be issued, (iii) if the Base Price
is greater than $6.00 and equal to or less than $7.00, an additional number of shares equal to 10% of the Base Shares shall be
issued, (iv) if the Base Price is greater than $5.00 and equal to or less than $6.00, an additional number of shares equal to 20%
of the Base Shares shall be issued and (v) if the Base Price is less than or equal to $5.00, an additional number of shares equal
to 25% of the Base Shares shall be issued. The FORM Preferred Stock will accrue interest at 9% per annum, or $4.32 per share of
FORM Preferred Stock. 

In addition, we entered
into subscription agreements to sell 750,574 shares of our unregistered Common Stock to certain holders of XpresSpa, at a purchase
price of $2.31 per share, for an aggregate purchase price of $1,734,000. 

On August
8, 2016, we purchased from XpresSpa an aggregate of 1,733,826 of Series C Preferred Units of XpresSpa, at a per unit purchase price
of $1.00 per unit, for an aggregate purchase price of $1,734,000, which is included in other current assets  in the condensed
consolidated balance sheets . The Series C Preferred Units of XpresSpa will have a preference in the
amount of its initial investment and shall bear 12% interest until the closing of the anticipated merger agreement.  

We are holding our annual meeting of stockholders
on November 28, 2016 to approve, among other things, the Merger and the issuance of shares of FORM Common Stock, FORM Preferred
Stock and warrants to the Unitholders in connection with the Merger. Assuming stockholder approval is received, we expect to complete
the Merger shortly after the stockholders vote. Immediately following the completion of the Merger (without taking into account
any shares of FORM Common Stock held by XpresSpa equity holders prior to the completion of the Merger), the former Unitholders
of XpresSpa are expected to own approximately 18% of the outstanding FORM Common Stock (or 33% of the outstanding FORM Common Stock
calculated on a fully diluted basis) and our current stockholders are expected to own approximately 82% of the outstanding FORM
Common Stock (or 67% of the outstanding FORM Common Stock calculated on a fully diluted basis). 

Impairment of Patents  

Our name change and repositioning
as a holding company was deemed a triggering event, which required our patent assets to be tested for impairment. In performing
this impairment test, we determined that the patent portfolios, which together represent an asset group, were subject to impairment
testing. In the first step of the impairment test, we utilized our projections of future undiscounted cash flows based on our existing
plans for the patents. As a result, it was determined that our projections of future undiscounted cash flows were less than the
carrying value of the asset group. Accordingly, we performed the second step of the impairment test to measure the potential impairment
by calculating the asset group s fair value as of May 6, 2016. As a result, following amortization for the month of April,
we recorded an impairment charge of $11,937,000, which resulted in a new carrying value of $1,526,000 on May 6, 2016. Following
the impairment, we reevaluated the remaining useful life and concluded that there were no changes in the estimated useful life. 

22   

Stockholder Rights Plan  

On March 18, 2016, we announced that our
Board of Directors adopted a stockholder rights plan in the form of a Section 382 Rights Agreement designed to preserve our tax
assets. As a part of the plan, our Board of Directors declared a dividend of one preferred-share-purchase right for each share
of our common stock outstanding as of March 29, 2016. Effective on March 18, 2016, if any group or person acquires 4.99% or more
of our outstanding shares of common stock, or if a group or person that already owns 4.99% or more of our common stock acquires
additional shares representing 0.5% or more of our common stock, then, subject to certain exceptions, there would be a triggering
event under the plan. The rights would then separate from our common stock and would be adjusted to become exercisable to purchase
shares of our common stock having a market value equal to twice the purchase price of $9.50, resulting in significant dilution
in the ownership interest of the acquiring person or group. Our Board of Directors has the discretion to exempt any acquisition
of our common stock from the provisions of the plan and has the ability to terminate the plan prior to a triggering event. In connection
with this plan, we filed a Certificate of Designation of Series C Junior Preferred Stock with the Secretary of State of Delaware
on March 18, 2016. 

Senior Secured Notes  

On March 9, 2016, we entered into an exchange
note agreement (the  Exchange Note Agreement ) with the holders (the  Investors ) of our $12,500,000 Senior
Secured Notes (the  Notes ), which we originally issued in a registered direct offering on May 4, 2015. Pursuant to
the Exchange Note Agreement, we issued to the Investors an aggregate of 703,644 shares of our common stock, par value $0.01 per
share, in exchange for the reduction of $1,267,000 of the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the Notes and $49,000 of accrued
interest. As a result, the outstanding aggregate principal amount under the Notes was reduced from $3,016,000 to $1,749,000 as
of March 9, 2016. 

In addition, on March 9, 2016, with the consent
of each of the Investors, we agreed to amend the Notes. Pursuant to the Amended and Restated Senior Secured Notes (the  Amended
Notes ) and the Indenture dated May 4, 2015, as supplemented by a First Supplemental Indenture dated May 4, 2015 and further
supplemented by a Second Supplemental Indenture (the  Second Supplemental Indenture ) dated March 9, 2016: (i) the
Amended Notes are no longer convertible into shares of our common stock and will be payable by us on the Maturity Date (as defined
below) in cash only, (ii) the Maturity Date of the Amended Notes will extend to June 30, 2017 (the  Maturity Date ),
(iii) we will discontinue the payment of principal prior to the Maturity Date (subject to certain exceptions), (iv) the interest
rate increased from 8% to 10% per annum and will accrue on the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the Amended Notes, payable
monthly, and (v) we will pay to the Investors on the Maturity Date 102% of the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the Amended
Notes. We also agreed to maintain a cash balance (including cash equivalents) of not less than $2,900,000. 

In addition, we agreed to reduce the exercise
price of the warrants to purchase an aggregate of 537,500 shares of our common stock granted as part of the initial agreement (the
 May 2015 Warrants ) from $10.00 to $3.00 per share and the parties also agreed to remove from the May 2015 Warrants
certain anti-dilution features. Other terms of the May 2015 Warrants remained the same. Furthermore, in connection with the Amended
Notes, we paid a restructuring fee of $50,000 to the Investors. 

On July 1, 2016, we repaid in full our
Amended Notes that were due on June 30, 2017. As required by the terms of the Amended Notes, notice of repayment was delivered
to the Investors on June 30, 2016. We repaid the Amended Notes in full, including a 15% fee for early repayment. We used an aggregate
of $2,011,000 of cash on hand for repayment of the Amended Notes. As a result of the repayment in full of the Amended Notes, all
liens on our assets, including intellectual property, were released by the Investors. 

Reverse Stock Split  

Unless otherwise noted, the information contained
in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q gives effect to a one-for-ten reverse stock split of our common stock effected on November
27, 2015 on a retroactive basis for all periods presented. 

Results of Operations   

Three-month period ended September 30, 2016 compared to the
three-month period ended September 30, 2015   

Revenue  

We generate revenue through our three operating
segments:  Group Mobile, FLI Charge and intellectual property . 

During the three-month period ended September
30, 2016, we recorded total revenue of $3,105,000. There was no revenue recognized for the three-month period ended September 30,
2015. The increase was attributable to each of our operating segments. Group Mobile recognized $1,751,000 of product revenue, FLI
Charge recognized $4,000 of product revenue, and our intellectual property operating segment recognized a one-time lump sum payment
of $1,350,000 in connection with a settlement agreement. We did not recognize any revenue generated by Group Mobile or FLI Charge
prior to their acquisition on October 15, 2015. 

We believe that
growth in Group Mobile s revenue can be achieved by adding new products, exploring new distribution verticals, such as military
and government, and increasing the sales team s geographic coverage.  In addition, we plan to enhance our intellectual
property rights around our FLI Charge technology and products.  FLI Charge  plans to strengthen
and develop partnerships in numerous markets including automotive, education, office, healthcare, power tools and vaporizers. We
intend to continue to monetize our existing portfolio of intellectual property through licensing and strategic partnerships. 

Cost of goods sold  

We incur cost of goods sold through two of
our operating segments:  Group Mobile and FLI Charge . 

During the three-month period ended September
30, 2016, we recorded total cost of goods sold of $1,560,000, which represents the costs of products sold by Group Mobile for the
period. We did not recognize any cost of goods sold for FLI Charge during the three-month period ended September 30, 2016 and we
did not recognize any expenses incurred by Group Mobile or FLI Charge prior to their acquisition on October 15, 2015. We expect
the cost of goods sold to increase over time as our product revenue increases. 

23   

Operating legal costs  

Operating legal costs relate to our intellectual
property operating segment. 

During the three-month period ended September
30, 2016, our operating legal costs were $1,164,000, which represents a decrease of $5,612,000 (or 82.8%) from operating legal
costs recorded for the three-month period ended September 30, 2015. This decrease was primarily due to the timing and nature of
consulting and patent litigation costs related to legal proceedings against ZTE and ASUS, especially as costs pertaining to our
ZTE campaign declined significantly following the execution of the confidential settlement and license agreement in December 2015. 

We expect that our legal costs will continue to decrease over
time. 

Inventor royalties  

Inventor royalties relate to royalties
owed to the inventors of certain of our patent portfolios owned by our intellectual property operating segment. 

Inventor
royalties fluctuate period to period, based on the amount of licensing revenue we recognize each period, the terms and conditions
of agreements executed each period and the mix of specific patent portfolios with varying economic terms and obligations generating
revenues each period.  During the three-month period ended September 30, 2016, our inventor royalty expense totaled $270,000,
which relates to the royalties owed to the inventor of the patent portfolio, for which a settlement agreement was entered into
during September 2016. We did not recognize any inventor royalty expense during the three-month period ended September 30, 2015. 

Amortization and impairment of intangible assets  

During the three-month period ended September
30, 2016, amortization expenses related to our intangible assets totaled $203,000, which represents a decrease of $616,000 (or
75.2%) compared to the amortization expense recorded during the three-month period ended September 30, 2015. The decrease was due
to an impairment taken on our patents asset group on May 6, 2016, which significantly reduced the carrying value of our patents
and resulted in a sharp decline from the previous amortization of the patents. There was no impairment expense recorded during
either three-month period. 

General and administrative  

During the three-month period ended September
30, 2016, general and administrative expenses increased by $1,860,000 (or 88.8%), to $3,955,000, compared to $2,095,000 that was
recorded during the three-month period ended September 30, 2015. The overall increase was primarily due to two key factors: 1)
merger and acquisition costs related to the Merger with XpresSpa and 2) general and administrative costs associated with Group
Mobile and FLI Charge, which were acquired on October 15, 2015 and, as such, were not included in the three-month period ended
September 30, 2015. During the three-month period ended September 30, 2016, we incurred $952,000 of merger and acquisition costs
associated with legal, diligence, valuation, and other costs pertaining to the Merger with XpresSpa. Following the acquisition
of Group Mobile and FLI Charge, we experienced increases in salaries and benefits due to our expanded workforce and we incurred
advertising and marketing costs for Group Mobile and FLI Charge s product lines and product development costs as we continued
to develop and improve FLI Charge s product line. These increases in general and administrative expenses were offset by a
significant decrease in stock-based compensation expense, which was a result of equity awards granted in 2012 and 2013 becoming
fully vested during the latter half of 2015, as well as insurance, accounting, and audit fees. 

Non-operating expense, net  

During the three-month period ended September
30, 2016, we recorded net non-operating expense in the amount of $1,484,000 compared to net non-operating expense in the amount
of $2,181,000 recorded during the three-month period ended September 30, 2015. 

For the three-month period ended September
30, 2016, we recorded interest expense of $949,000 for the amortization of the debt discount and debt issuance costs and $262,000
of loss on extinguishment of debt for the 15% early debt repayment fee on July 1, 2016. We also recognized a $272,000 loss on the
revaluation of the derivative warrant liabilities related to the Amended Notes and a $1,000 foreign exchange loss for the period. 

The net non-operating expense recognized
in the three-month period ended September 30, 2015 was driven by various factors. Installment payments made to holders of the Notes
resulted in an increase in interest expense of $1,708,000 for the three-month period ended September 30, 2015. The interest expense
was calculated using the effective interest method. In addition, we elected to repay the installments in registered shares, which
were issued at a discount of 15% to market prices. This resulted in a $1,044,000 loss on the extinguishment of debt. The expense
also includes foreign exchange losses in connection with deposits with courts. 

The expenses reported during the three-month
period ended September 30, 2015 were offset by a gain on the revaluation of derivative liability warrants and conversion feature
related to the Notes. On May 4, 2015, the net proceeds received were allocated amongst the Notes, the conversion feature, and the
warrants issued to the holders of the Notes. The warrants and conversion feature were then revalued and marked to market as of
each balance sheet date, which resulted in a gain of $716,000 for the three-month period ended September 30, 2015. 

24   

Nine-month period ended September 30,
2016 compared to the nine-month period ended September 30, 2015   

Revenue  

We generate revenue through our three operating
segments:  Group Mobile, FLI Charge and intellectual property . 

25   

During the nine-month period ended September
30, 2016, we recorded total revenue of $16,511,000, which represents an increase of $16,361,000 as compared to $150,000 recorded
in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2015. The increase was attributable to each of our operating segments. Group Mobile
recognized $5,478,000 and FLI Charge recognized $8,000 of product revenue, FLI Charge also recognized $25,000 of licensing revenue
in connection with an ongoing license agreement with a customer, and our intellectual property operating segment recognized $11,000,000
of revenue for the amounts received in connection with two separate executed confidential license agreements and an additional
settlement agreement. We did not recognize any revenue generated by Group Mobile or FLI Charge prior to their acquisition on October
15, 2015. Revenue during the nine-month period ended September 30, 2015 of $150,000 was due to a one-time payment in connection
with a license and settlement agreement for certain of our owned intellectual property. 

We believe that
growth in Group Mobile s revenue can be achieved by adding new products, exploring new distribution verticals, such as military
and government, and increasing the sales team s geographic coverage.  In addition, we plan to enhance our intellectual
property rights around our FLI Charge technology and products.  FLI Charge  plans to strengthen
and develop partnerships in numerous markets including automotive, education, office, healthcare, power tools and vaporizers. We
intend to continue to monetize our existing portfolio of intellectual property through licensing and strategic partnerships. 

Cost of goods sold  

We incur cost of goods sold through two of
our operating segments:  Group Mobile and FLI Charge . 

During the nine-month period ended September
30, 2016, we recorded total cost of goods sold of $4,866,000, which mainly represents the costs of products sold by Group Mobile
during the period. We did not recognize any cost of goods sold for Group Mobile or FLI Charge prior to their acquisition on October
15, 2015. We expect the cost of goods sold to increase over time as our product revenue increases. 

Operating legal costs  

Operating legal costs relate to our intellectual
property operating segment. 

During the nine-month period ended September
30, 2016, our operating legal costs were $6,127,000, which represents a decrease of $9,214,000 (or 60.1%) from operating legal
costs recorded for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. This decrease was primarily due to the timing and nature of consulting
and patent litigation costs related to legal proceedings against ZTE and ASUS, especially as costs pertaining to our ZTE campaign
declined significantly following the execution of the confidential settlement and license agreement in December 2015. Costs in
2016 also include royalty expenses to a previous owner of some of our patents. 

We expect that our legal costs will continue
to decrease over time. 

Inventor royalties  

Inventor royalties relate to royalties
owed to the inventors of certain of our patent portfolios owned by our intellectual property operating segment. 

Inventor
royalties fluctuate period to period, based on the amount of licensing revenue we recognize each period, the terms and conditions
of agreements executed each period and the mix of specific patent portfolios with varying economic terms and obligations generating
revenues each period.  During the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016, our inventor royalty expense totaled $3,658,000,
which relates to the royalties owed to the inventors of our patent portfolios, for which license and settlement agreements were
entered into during 2016. We did not recognize any inventor royalty expense during the nine-month period ended September 30, 2015. 

Amortization and impairment of intangible
assets  

During the nine-month period ended September
30, 2016, amortization and impairment expenses related to our intangible assets totaled $13,404,000, which represents an increase
of $10,968,000 (or 450.2%) compared to the amortization expense of $2,436,000 recorded during the nine-month period ended September
30, 2015. There was no impairment expense recorded during the nine-month period ended September 30, 2015. The increase was due
to the impairment of our patents asset group during the current period. 

During the nine-month period ended September
30, 2016, we determined that there were impairment indicators related to certain of our patents. A significant factor considered
when making this determination occurred on May 6, 2016, when we changed the name of our company from  Vringo, Inc. 
to  FORM Holdings Corp.  and concurrently announced our repositioning as a holding company of small and middle market
growth companies. We concluded that this factor was deemed a  triggering  event, which required the related patent
assets to be tested for impairment. In performing this impairment test, we determined that the patent portfolios, which together
represent an asset group, were subject to impairment testing. In the first step of the impairment test, we utilized our projections
of future undiscounted cash flows based on our existing plans for the patents. As a result, it was determined that our projections
of future undiscounted cash flows were less than the carrying value of the asset group. Accordingly, we performed the second step
of the impairment test to measure the potential impairment by calculating the asset group s fair value as of May 6, 2016.
As a result, following amortization for the month of April, we recorded an impairment charge of $11,937,000, or 88.7% of the carrying
value of the patents prior to impairment, which resulted in a new carrying value of $1,526,000 on May 6, 2016. Following the impairment,
we reevaluated the remaining useful life and concluded that there were no changes in the estimated useful life. There were no impairment
indicators related to any of our other amortizable intangible assets during the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016. 

26   

General and administrative  

During the nine-month period ended September
30, 2016, general and administrative expenses increased by $2,821,000 (or 38.2%), to $10,212,000, compared to $7,391,000 that was
recorded during the nine-month period ended September 30, 2015. The overall increase was primarily due to two key factors: 1) merger
and acquisition costs related to the Merger with XpresSpa and 2) general and administrative costs associated with Group Mobile
and FLI Charge, which were acquired on October 15, 2015 and, as such, were not included in the nine-month period ended September
30, 2015. During the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016, we incurred $1,008,000 of merger and acquisition costs associated
with legal, diligence, valuation, and other costs pertaining to the Merger with XpresSpa. Following the acquisition of Group Mobile
and FLI Charge, we experienced increases in salaries and benefits due to our expanded workforce and we incurred advertising and
marketing costs for Group Mobile and FLI Charge s product lines and product development costs as we continued to develop
and improve FLI Charge s product line. These increases in general and administrative expenses were offset by a significant
decrease in stock-based compensation expense, which was a result of equity awards granted in 2012 and 2013 becoming fully vested
during the latter half of 2015, as well as insurance, accounting, and audit fees. 

27   

Non-operating income (expense), net  

During the nine-month period ended September
30, 2016, we recorded net non-operating expense in the amount of $1,925,000 compared to net non-operating expense in the amount
of $2,338,000 recorded during the nine-month period ended September 30, 2015. 

For the nine-month period ended September
30, 2016, we recorded interest expense of $1,697,000 for the interest recorded related to the monthly interest payments and the
amortization of the debt discount and debt issuance costs as well as accrued interest calculated using the effective interest method.
In addition, we elected to repay principal installments for January and February 2016 in shares of our common stock, which were
issued at a discount of 15% to market prices, which resulted in $210,000 recorded as a loss on the extinguishment of debt. We also
recorded $262,000 of loss on extinguishment of debt for the 15% early debt repayment fee on July 1, 2016. 

The net non-operating expenses reported
during the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 were reduced by a gain of $97,000 on the revaluation of the derivative warrant
liabilities related to the Amended Notes and a $147,000 foreign exchange gain attributable to our deposits with courts prior to
them being returned to us during the first half of 2016. 

The net non-operating expense recognized
in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2015 was driven by various factors. Installment payments made to holders of the Notes
resulted in interest expense of $2,173,000 for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2015. The interest expense was calculated
using the effective interest method. In addition, we elected to repay the installments in registered shares, which were issued
at a discount of 15% to market prices. This resulted in $1,254,000 recorded as a loss on the extinguishment of debt. The expense
also relates to foreign exchange losses in connection with deposits with courts. 

We expect that our non-operating income
(expense) will remain highly volatile, and we may choose to fund our operations through additional financing. In particular, non-operating
income (expense) will be affected by the adjustments to the fair value of our derivative instruments. Fair value of these derivative
instruments depends on a variety of assumptions, such as estimations regarding triggering of down-round protection and estimated
future share price. An estimated increase in the price of our common stock increases the value of the warrants and thus results
in a loss on our statements of operations. In addition, high estimated probability of a down-round protection increases the value
of the warrants and again results in a loss on our statements of operations. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources   

As of September 30, 2016, we had a cash
balance of $21,679,000, which represents a decrease of $3,272,000 compared to our cash balance as of December 31, 2015. We anticipate
that our need for capital will continue to decline as project-based activities related to the improvement of systems and digital
marketing attributed to Group Mobile and FLI Charge near completion which will be offset by the decline in litigation and licensing
costs for our intellectual property operating segment. Cash expenditures during the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016
were offset by cash received for refunds of court fees and our deposits with the courts in Germany, Brazil, and Romania, as well
as cash received by our Group Mobile and intellectual property operating segments during the normal course of business. All deposits
that had been posted with the courts in connection with our litigation with ZTE have been returned. 

On August 8, 2016, we entered into subscription
agreements and received the proceeds from selling 750,574 shares of our unregistered common stock to certain holders of XpresSpa,
at a purchase price of $2.31 per share, for an aggregate purchase price of $1,734,000.  

In addition, on August 8, 2016, we purchased
from XpresSpa an aggregate of 1,733,826 of Series C Preferred Units of XpresSpa, at a per unit purchase price of $1.00 per unit,
for an aggregate purchase price of $1,734,000 , which is included in other current assets  in
the condensed consolidated balance sheets. Assuming stockholder approval is received,  the Merger
is expected to be completed  shortly after the stockholders vote .  

On July 1, 2016, we repaid in full our
Amended Notes that were due on June 30, 2017. As required by the terms of the Amended Notes, notice of repayment was delivered
to the Investors on June 30, 2016. We repaid the Amended Notes in full, including a 15% fee for early repayment. We used an aggregate
of $2,011,000 of cash on hand for repayment of the Amended Notes. As a result of the repayment in full of the Amended Notes, all
liens on our assets, including intellectual property, were released by the Investors. 

On March 9, 2016, pursuant to the Exchange
Note Agreement, we issued to the Investors an aggregate of 703,644 shares of our common stock, par value $0.01 per share, in exchange
for the reduction of $1,267,000 of the outstanding principal amount of the Notes and $49,000 of accrued interest. As a result,
the outstanding aggregate principal amount under the Notes was reduced from $3,016,000 to $1,749,000 as of March 9, 2016. 

Our average monthly net cash used in operations
for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 was approximately $330,000 compared to average monthly net cash used in operations
of approximately $1,506,000 during the nine-month period ended September 30, 2015. This is driven by the increase in revenues derived
from our Group Mobile and intellectual property operating segments. 

Based on current operating plans, we expect
to have sufficient funds for at least the next 12 months and beyond. In addition, we may choose to raise additional funds in connection
with potential acquisitions of operating assets, patent portfolios or other businesses that we may pursue. There can be no assurance,
however, that any such opportunities will materialize. 

Cash flows   

Operating activities   

During the nine-month period ended September
30, 2016, net cash used in operating activities totaled $2,969,000 compared to net cash used in operating activities of $13,553,000
during the nine-month period ended September 30, 2015. The increase of $10,584,000 was mainly due to cash received from our Group
Mobile and intellectual property operating segments during the normal course of business. 

Our net cash used in operating activities could
increase if we engage in future business development activities. As we expect to move towards greater revenue generation in the
future, we expect that these amounts will be offset over time by operating expenses. There is no assurance that our licensing efforts
will be successful in the future. Furthermore, there is no guarantee that we will generate sufficient revenue to offset future
operating expenses and our ability to raise additional capital may be limited. 

28   

Investing activities   

During the nine-month period ended September
30, 2016, net cash provided by investing activities totaled $24,000, mainly attributable to the refunds of our deposits with the
German, Brazilian and Romanian courts. These proceeds were offset by $1,734,000 net cash invested in XpresSpa on August 8, 2016
and $243,000 net cash used to acquire software related to Group Mobile s website. During the nine-month period ended September
30, 2015, net cash used in investing activities totaled $272,000, which represents the deposit we made to a Romanian court to enforce
an injunction against ZTE in Romania and the deposit we made in Germany to enforce review of ZTE s accounting records. 

We expect that net cash used in investing activities
will increase as we intend to continue to acquire and develop supporting infrastructure and systems for our operating segments. 

Financing activities   

During the nine-month period ended September
30, 2016, net cash used in financing activities totaled $327,000, which is comprised of the $2,011,000 net cash used to repay the
Notes on July 1, 2016 and $50,000 net cash paid to the Investors related to their expenses incurred as a result of the debt modification.
These cash outflows were offset by $1,734,000 proceeds received from certain holders of XpresSpa as a result of the subscription
agreement entered into on August 8, 2016. During the nine-month period ended September 30, 2015, we received net proceeds of $12,207,000
from a securities purchase in a registered direct offering of $12,500,000 of Notes and warrants to purchase up to 537,500 shares
of our common stock. This amount was offset by the $218,000 of debt issuance costs that were paid in relation to the agreement. 

A significant portion of our issued and outstanding
warrants, for which the underlying shares of common stock held by non-affiliates are freely tradable, are currently  out
of the money.  Therefore, the potential of additional incoming funds from exercises by our warrant holders is currently very
limited. To the extent that any of our issued and outstanding warrants were  in the money,  it could be used as a source
of additional funding if the warrant holders choose to exercise their warrants for cash. 

We may also choose to raise additional funds
in connection with any acquisitions of patent portfolios or other assets or other businesses that we may pursue. There can be no
assurance, however, that any such opportunity will materialize. Moreover, any such financing would most likely be dilutive to our
current stockholders. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements   

We have no obligations, assets or liabilities
that would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements. We do not participate in transactions that create relationships with unconsolidated
entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would have been established for the
purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Critical Accounting Estimates   

These condensed consolidated financial statements
should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed
with the SEC on March 10, 2016, which includes a description of our critical accounting policies that involve subjective and complex
judgments that could potentially affect reported results. While there have been no material changes to our critical accounting
policies as to the methodologies or assumptions we apply under them, we continue to monitor such methodologies and assumptions. 

Item 3.   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About
Market Risk.  

Not required as we are a smaller reporting
company. 

Item 4.   Controls and Procedures.  

Our management, with the participation of our
chief executive officer and chief financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant
to Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), as of the
end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

Based on this evaluation, our chief executive
officer and chief financial officer concluded that, as of September 30, 2016, our disclosure controls and procedures are designed
at a reasonable assurance level and are effective to provide reasonable assurance that information we are required to disclose
in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods
specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including
our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate, to allow timely
decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting   

On October 15, 2015, we acquired IDG. During
the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016, we implemented relevant internal controls over financial reporting around Group
Mobile and FLI Charge operating segments. We believe that our internal controls over financial reporting are overall effective. 

There were no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting that occurred during the last fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely
to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

29   

Part II - OTHER
INFORMATION  

Item 1. Legal Proceedings.  

Infrastructure Patents   

ZTE  

On December 7, 2015, we entered into a confidential
settlement and license agreement (the  Settlement Agreement ) with ZTE Corporation and its affiliates (collectively,
 ZTE ), pursuant to which: (i) ZTE paid us a total of $21,500,000, net of all withholding, value added or other taxes;
(ii) the parties withdrew all pending litigations and proceedings against each other including the litigations related to ZTE s
breach of its non-disclosure agreement with us; and (iii) we granted ZTE certain rights with respect to our patents including
a non-exclusive, non-transferable, worldwide perpetual license to certain of our owned patents and patent applications. 

In several jurisdictions, though ZTE requested
that government organizations close proceedings against us, those organizations make such determinations on their own volition.
In China, ZTE requested that the National Developmental and Reform Commission ( NDRC ) conclude its investigation against
us; however, it is not clear whether the NDRC has closed its investigation. 

In addition, in China and the Netherlands,
FORM continues to appeal patent invalidity rulings issued in connection with proceedings originally brought by ZTE. In each instance,
ZTE has indicated that it will not oppose FORM s appeals, though FORM must still plead its case before the respective adjudicatory
body in each jurisdiction. 

ASUS  

In March 2016, we settled all disputes and ended all litigations
with ASUSTeK Computer Inc. and its subsidiary (collectively,  ASUS ). Google, Inc. ( Google ), who intervened
as a party in our litigation against ASUS in India, and us have agreed to withdraw our respective outstanding claims against one
another. We are currently in the process of finalizing such withdrawals with Google, and each party will cover its own costs. 

Confidential License Agreement  

On April 25, 2016, we entered into a Confidential
License Agreement (the  License Agreement ). Pursuant to the terms of the License Agreement, the licensee paid us a
one-time lump sum payment of $8,900,000 on May 30, 2016. As a result, we granted to the licensee a non-exclusive, non-transferable,
worldwide perpetual license to certain patents and patent applications we own. 

Content Distribution  

In 2012, we purchased a portfolio of patents
invented by Tayo Akadiri relating to content distribution. The portfolio includes seven patents as well as several pending patent
applications. As one of the means of realizing the value of these patents, on October 20, 2015, we filed suit against DirecTV,
LLC ( DirecTV ) in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York. As of September 30, 2016,
the lawsuit between the parties has been resolved. 

On May 25, 2016, Iron Gate Security, Inc.
( Iron Gate ), one of our subsidiaries, filed a Second Amended Complaint (the  Complaint ) against Lowe s
Companies, Inc. ( Lowe s ) in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York. During the fourth
quarter of 2016, the parties successfully resolved the litigation. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors.  

We are holding our annual meeting of stockholders
on November 28, 2016 to approve, among other things, the Merger and the issuance of shares of FORM Common Stock, FORM Preferred
Stock and warrants to the Unitholders in connection with the Merger. Assuming stockholder approval is received, we expect to complete
the Merger shortly after the stockholders vote. The risks described in our Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-213566)
(the  S-4 Registration Statement ) under the headings  Risk Factors   Risks Related to FORM s Business 
and  Risk Factors   Risks Related to XpresSpa s Business  are incorporated by reference herein. Other than
as set forth in the S-4 Registration Statement and as set forth below, there have been no material changes to the risk factors
discussed in Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

The issuance of our securities to
XpresSpa equity holders in connection with the Merger will dilute the voting power of current FORM stockholders.   

Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement,
it is anticipated that we will issue to XpresSpa unit holders shares of our common stock and our preferred stock, and warrants
to purchase shares of our common stock. After such issuance (without taking into account any shares of our common stock held by
XpresSpa equity holders prior to the completion of the Merger but assuming that all shares held in escrow are released to the former
equity holders of XpresSpa), the former equity holders of XpresSpa are expected to own approximately 18% of our outstanding common
stock (or 33% of our outstanding common stock calculated on a fully diluted basis) and our current stockholders are expected to
own approximately 82% of our outstanding common stock (or 67% of our outstanding common stock calculated on a fully diluted basis).
In addition, the holders of our preferred stock will have voting rights as specified in the Certificate of Designation of Preferences,
Rights and Limitations of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock, the form of which is filed herewith as Exhibit 3.1. Accordingly,
the issuance of shares of our common stock and our preferred stock to XpresSpa equity holders in connection with the Merger will
reduce the relative voting power of each share of our common stock held by our current stockholders. 

30   

If we exercise the option to repay
the preferred stock to be issued in connection with the Merger in stock rather than cash, such repayment may result in the issuance
of a large number of shares of common stock which may have a negative effect on the trading price of our common stock as well as
a dilutive effect.   

Pursuant to the terms of the Series D Convertible
Preferred Stock to be issued in connection with the Merger, on the seven year anniversary of the initial issuance date of the shares
of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock, we may repay each share of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock, at our option, in cash,
by delivery of shares of common stock or through any combination thereof. If we elect to make a payment, or any portion thereof,
in shares of common stock, the number of shares deliverable (the  Base Shares ) will be based on the volume weighted
average price per share of our common stock for the thirty trading days prior to the date of calculation (the  Base Price )
plus an additional number of shares of common stock (the  Premium Shares ), calculated as follows: (i) if the Base
Price is greater than $9.00, no Premium Shares shall be issued, (ii) if the Base Price is greater than $7.00 and equal to or less
than $9.00, an additional number of shares equal to 5% of the Base Shares shall be issued, (iii) if the Base Price is greater than
$6.00 and equal to or less than $7.00, an additional number of shares equal to 10% of the Base Shares shall be issued, (iv) if
the Base Price is greater than $5.00 and equal to or less than $6.00, an additional number of shares equal to 20% of the Base Shares
shall be issued and (v) if the Base Price is less than or equal to $5.00, an additional number of shares equal to 25% of the Base
Shares shall be issued. Accordingly, if the volume weighted average price per share of our common stock is below $9.00 per share
at the time of repayment and we exercise the option to make such repayment in shares of our common stock, a large number of shares
of our common stock may be issued to the holders of the Series D Convertible Preferred Stock upon maturity which may have a negative
effect on the trading price of our common stock. At the seven year maturity date of the Series D Convertible Preferred Stock (which
shall be the date that is seven years from the closing date of the Merger), we, at our election, may decide to issue shares of
our common stock based on the formula set forth above or to re-pay in cash all or any portion of the Series D Convertible Preferred
Stock. 

In 2023, upon the maturity date of the
Series D Convertible Preferred Stock, when determining whether to repay the Series D Convertible Preferred Stock in cash or shares
of common stock, we expect to consider a number of factors, including our cash position, the price of our common stock and our
capital structure at such time. Because we do not have to make a determination as to which option to elect until 2023, it is impossible
to predict whether it is more or less likely to repay in cash, stock or a portion of each. 

For example, assuming the entire amount
of the Series D Convertible Preferred Stock was outstanding at the seven year maturity date, and we opted to repay such Series
D Convertible Preferred Stock entirely in shares of common stock, the number of shares of common stock to be issued at such repayment
if the Base Price was $9.00 per share, $6.50 per share and $2.50 (slightly below the closing price on November 7, 2016) would be
approximately 2,770,833 shares, 4,019,231 shares and 11,875,000, respectively. 

The announcement and pendency of
the Merger could have an adverse effect on our business prospects and/or XpresSpa and on our stock price and/or business, financial
condition or results of operations.   

While there have been no significant adverse
effects to date, the announcement and pendency of the Merger could disrupt XpresSpa s and/or our prospective and current
businesses in the following ways, among others: 

third parties, including customers, suppliers and operators, may seek to terminate and/or renegotiate their relationships with us or XpresSpa or decide not to conduct business with either us or XpresSpa as a result of the Merger, whether pursuant to the terms of their existing agreements with us and/or XpresSpa or otherwise; and   

the attention of XpresSpa s and/or our management may be directed toward the completion of the Merger and related matters and may be diverted from the day-to-day business operations of their respective companies, including from other opportunities that might otherwise be beneficial to us or XpresSpa. Should they occur, any of these matters could adversely affect our stock price or harm XpresSpa s and/or our financial condition, results of operations, or business prospects.   

31   

Failure to complete the Merger or
delays in completing the Merger could negatively impact our business, financial condition, or results of operations or our stock
price.   

The completion of the Merger is subject
to a number of conditions and there can be no assurance that the conditions to the completion of the Merger will be satisfied at
all or satisfied in a timely manner. If the Merger is not completed or is delayed, we will be subject to several risks, including: 

the current trading price of our common stock may reflect a market assumption that the Merger will occur, meaning that a failure to complete the Merger or delays in completing the Merger could result in a decline in the price of our common stock;   

certain of our executive officers and/or directors or XpresSpa s may seek other employment opportunities, and the departure of any of our or XpresSpa s executive officers and the possibility that we would be unable to recruit and hire experienced executives could negatively impact our future business;   

our board of directors will need to reevaluate our strategic alternatives, such alternatives will include other merger and acquisition opportunities;   

under certain circumstances, if the Merger is terminated by either us or XpresSpa in connection with or due to our entering into an alternate transaction constituting a superior proposal, then we are required to pay to XpresSpa a fee equal to $750,000, plus an amount in cash equal to XpresSpa s reasonable out-of-pocket fees and expenses incurred in connection with the Merger, in an amount not to exceed $500,000;   

we are expected to incur substantial transaction costs in connection with the Merger whether or not the Merger is completed; and   

we would not realize any of the anticipated benefits of having completed the Merger.   

If the Merger is not completed or is delayed,
these risks may materialize and materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and our
stock price. 

Any delay in completing the Merger
may substantially reduce the benefits that we expect to obtain from the Merger.   

In addition to obtaining the approval of
our stockholders for the consummation of the Merger, the Merger is subject to a number of other conditions beyond our control that
may prevent, delay, or otherwise materially adversely affect its completion. We cannot predict whether or when the conditions required
to complete the Merger will be satisfied. The requirements for satisfying the closing conditions could delay the completion of
the Merger for a significant period of time or prevent it from occurring. Any delay in completing the Merger may materially adversely
affect the benefits that we expect to achieve if the Merger and the integration of the companies  respective businesses are
completed within the expected timeframe. 

Some of our directors and executive
officers have interests in the Merger that are different from, or in addition to, those of our other stockholders.   

When considering the recommendation by
our board of directors that our stockholders vote  for  the FORM Merger Proposal, our stockholders should be aware
that certain of our directors and executive officers have arrangements that provide them with interests in the Merger that are
different from, or in addition to, those of our stockholders. For instance, in connection with the Merger, (i) each of Andrew D.
Perlman, John Engelman, Donald E. Stout, Salvatore Giardina, Bruce T. Bernstein and Richard K. Abbe, each a current director of
our board of directors, will continue to serve as our director following the completion of the Merger, (ii) Andrew D. Perlman,
Anastasia Nyrkovskaya and Clifford Weinstein, currently our executive officers, will remain our executive officers following the
completion of the Merger and (iii) Rockmore Investment Master Fund Ltd. ( Rockmore ), an investment entity controlled
by our board member Bruce T. Bernstein and a significant equity holder of XpresSpa, currently owns equity securities of XpresSpa
that are expected to receive approximately 9.5% of the merger consideration and, following completion of the Merger, Rockmore will
still be the holder of the senior secured note payable to Rockmore, with an outstanding balance of approximately $6,500,000 (the
 Senior Secured Note ) and will hold approximately 4.7% of our outstanding common stock on a fully diluted basis (in
each case, based on the assumptions used in the section entitled  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management
of FORM Following the Merger  in the S-4 Registration Statement). Pursuant to the terms of the Senior Secured Note, XpresSpa
may not merge into or consolidate with any other person or entity or permit any other person or entity to merge into or consolidate
with XpresSpa without the consent of Rockmore. Rockmore has provided its consent to the Merger. In addition, our directors and
executive officers also have certain rights to indemnification and to directors  and officers  liability insurance
that will be provided by us following the completion of the Merger. Our board of directors was aware of and considered these interests,
among other matters, in evaluating and negotiating the Merger Agreement and in recommending that our stockholders approve the Merger. 

32   

XpresSpa can terminate the Merger
Agreement for any reason or no reason upon payment of a termination fee and we will have no recourse against XpresSpa.   

Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, XpresSpa
can terminate the Merger Agreement, at any time, for any reason or no reason, upon payment to us of a termination fee equal to
$750,000, plus an amount in cash equal to our reasonable out-of-pocket fees and expenses incurred in connection with the Merger,
in an amount not to exceed $500,000. We will have no recourse against XpresSpa other than receiving such termination fee and would
not realize any of the anticipated benefits of having completed the Merger. 

Litigation has been instituted challenging
the Merger and adverse judgments in this lawsuit (and any other lawsuits that may be instituted challenging the Merger) may prevent
the Merger from becoming effective within the expected timeframe or at all.   

As referenced below, Bruce Bernstein, a
member of our Board of Directors, and XpresSpa have been named as defendants in a lawsuit challenging the Merger. If the plaintiffs
in this case, or in any other cases challenging the Merger are successful, they may prevent the parties from completing the Merger
in the expected timeframe, if at all. Even if the plaintiffs in the pending action or any potential actions are not successful,
the costs of defending against such claims could adversely affect our and XpresSpa s financial condition and the consummation
of the Merger could be delayed or the Merger Agreement could be terminated. In August 2016, Amiral Holdings SAS ( Amiral ),
the operator of BeRelax spas, filed a complaint for breach of contract against XpresSpa related to a potential strategic transaction
between Amiral and XpresSpa.  Amiral Holdings SAS v. XpresSpa Holdings LLC et al., Supreme Court of the State of New York, County
of New York  (Index No. 654051/2016). Among other things, Amiral seeks specific performance related to the contract; an injunction
prohibiting the defendants from entering into or consummating a competing transaction; and a declaration with respect to Amiral s
right of first refusal and certain related matters. On October 4, 2016, Amiral filed an amended complaint and motion for a preliminary
injunction. On October 14, 2016, XpresSpa filed its response to Amiral s motion, and on October 20, 2016, Amiral filed a
reply brief. A hearing on the preliminary injunction has been scheduled for December 5, 2016, although this date is subject to
change by the court. If Amiral is successful in this lawsuit or its motion for a preliminary injunction, pending appeal, the completion
of the Merger could be delayed or not occur at all. In addition, should Amiral s motion for a preliminary injunction be granted
after the closing of the Merger, the Court could force the Merger to become undone or award damages to Amiral, in which case we
may not be indemnified by XpresSpa s equity holders for losses incurred. There is no guarantee that XpresSpa will prevail
in this (or any litigation) and the combined company s business, financial condition or results of operations may be materially
harmed as a result of such litigation, in addition to diverting management s attention away from operations to attend to
the litigation. 

We may not realize the potential
value and benefits created by the Merger.   

The success of the Merger will depend,
in part, on our ability to realize the expected potential value and benefits created from integrating our existing businesses with
XpresSpa s business, which includes the maximization of the economic benefits of our strategic vision after completion of
the Merger and plans, cash balances (which, in the case of XpresSpa, would be used for the build-out of new airport locations),
financial reporting and analysis functions and legal expertise. The integration process may be complex, costly, and time-consuming.
The difficulties of integrating the operations of XpresSpa s business could include, among others: 

failure to implement our business plan for the business after the completion of the Merger;   

unanticipated issues in integrating the business of both companies;   

loss of key employees with knowledge of our or XpresSpa s historical business and operations;   

unanticipated changes in applicable laws and regulations; and   

other unanticipated issues, expenses, or liabilities that could impact, among other things, our
ability to realize any expected benefits on a timely basis, or at all.   

We may not accomplish the integration of
XpresSpa s business smoothly, successfully, or within the anticipated costs or time frame. The diversion of the attention
of management from our current operations to the integration effort and any difficulties encountered in combining businesses could
prevent us from realizing the full expected potential value and benefits to result from the Merger and could adversely affect our
business. In addition, the integration efforts could divert the focus and resources of our and XpresSpa s from other strategic
opportunities and operational matters during the integration process. We will be dependent on certain key personnel, and the loss
of these key personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial conditions and results of operations. Our
success and future prospects largely depend on the skills, experience and efforts of our and XpresSpa s key personnel, including
Andrew D. Perlman, our current Chief Executive Officer and a Director, and Edward Jankowski, XpresSpa s Chief Executive Officer.
The loss of Mr. Perlman or Mr. Jankowski or other of our or XpresSpa s executives, or our failure to retain other key personnel,
would jeopardize our ability to execute our strategic plan and materially harm our business. 

Ownership of our common stock may
be highly concentrated, and it may prevent our existing stockholders from influencing significant corporate decisions and may result
in conflicts of interest that could cause our stock price to decline.   

Upon completion of the Merger, our and
XpresSpa s executive officers and directors continuing with us are expected to beneficially own or control approximately
37.8% of us on a fully diluted basis (see the sections entitled  FORM Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and
Management.   XpresSpa Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management  and  Security Ownership
of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management of FORM Following the Merger  each in the S-4 Registration Statement for more
information on the estimated ownership of us following the Merger). Accordingly, these executive officers and directors, acting
individually or as a group, will have substantial influence over the outcome of a corporate action requiring stockholder approval,
including the election of directors, any merger, consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of our assets or any other significant
corporate transaction. These stockholders may also exert influence in delaying or preventing a change in control of us, even if
such change in control would benefit our other stockholders. In addition, the significant concentration of stock ownership may
adversely affect the market value of our common stock due to investors  perception that conflicts of interest may exist or
arise. 

33   

Our success will depend in part on
relationships with third parties, which relationships may be affected by third-party preferences or public attitudes about the
Merger. Any adverse changes in these relationships could adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations.   

Our success after the Merger will be dependent
on our ability to maintain and renew our and XpresSpa s business relationships and to establish new business relationships.
There can be no assurance that our management will be able to maintain such business relationships, or enter into or maintain new
business contracts and other business relationships, on acceptable terms, if at all. The failure to maintain important business
relationships could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. Our future results
may be materially different from those shown in the unaudited pro forma consolidated and condensed financial statements presented
in the S-4 Registration Statement, which show only a combination of our historical results and XpresSpa s historical results
prepared by us and XpresSpa in connection with discussions concerning the Merger. We expect to incur significant costs associated
with the completion of the Merger and integrating the operations of the two companies. The exact magnitude of these costs is not
yet known. 

Our business and financial condition
could be constrained by XpresSpa s outstanding debt.   

XpresSpa is obligated under the Senior
Secured Note payable to Rockmore, which has an outstanding balance of approximately $6,500,000, with a maturity date of May 1,
2018, with an additional one-year extension if both we and Rockmore consent to such extension. The Senior Secured Note accrues
interest of 9.24% per annum, payable monthly, plus an additional 2.0% per annum. XpresSpa has granted Rockmore a security interest
in all of its tangible and intangible personal property to secure its obligations under the Senior Secured Note. After the completion
of the Merger the debt will remain outstanding as an obligation of XpresSpa, but will be guaranteed by us. 

The price of our common stock after
the Merger is completed may be affected by factors different from those currently affecting our shares.   

Our business differs from the business
of XpresSpa and, accordingly, our results of operations and the trading price of our common stock following the completion of the
Merger may be significantly affected by factors different from those currently affecting our independent results of operations
because after the Merger we will be conducting activities not undertaken by us prior to the completion of the Merger. For a discussion
of the businesses of FORM and XpresSpa and of certain factors to consider in connection with those businesses, see the sections
entitled  FORM s Business,   FORM s Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations,   XpresSpa s Business,   XpresSpa s Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,  and our and XpresSpa s financial statements in the
S-4 Registration Statement, including the notes thereto, which are included elsewhere in the S-4 Registration Statement, and the
other information contained in the S-4 Registration Statement. 

Material weaknesses may exist when
we report on the effectiveness of its internal controls over financial reporting for purposes of our reporting requirements after
the Merger.   

Prior to the Merger, XpresSpa, as a private
company, was not subject to Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 ( Sarbanes-Oxley ). Therefore, XpresSpa s management and
independent auditors were not required to perform an evaluation of XpresSpa s internal controls over financial reporting
as of December 31, 2015 in accordance with the provisions of Sarbanes-Oxley. Following the completion of the Merger within the
expected timeframe, we will be required to provide management s report on internal control over financial reporting in our
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2016, as required by Section 404 of Sarbanes-Oxley. We have not yet
assessed the effectiveness of the internal controls for XpresSpa and material weaknesses may exist. 

We do not expect to pay cash dividends
on our common stock.   

We anticipate that we will retain our earnings,
if any, for future growth and therefore do not anticipate paying cash dividends on our common stock in the future. Investors seeking
cash dividends should not invest in our common stock for that purpose. However, from and after the date of the issuance of any
shares of our preferred stock, dividends at the rate per annum of $4.32 per share (which represents 9% per annum) will accrue on
such shares (subject to appropriate adjustment in the event of any stock dividend, stock split, combination or other similar recapitalization
with respect to the our preferred stock). 

Anti-takeover provisions in our charter
and bylaws may prevent or frustrate attempts by stockholders to change the board of directors or current management and could make
a third-party acquisition of us difficult.   

Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws
contain provisions that may discourage, delay or prevent a merger, acquisition or other change in control that stockholders may
consider favorable, including transactions in which stockholders might otherwise receive a premium for their shares. These provisions
could limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock. 

Because the lack of a public market
for XpresSpa s units makes it difficult to evaluate the fairness of the Merger, XpresSpa s equity holders may receive
consideration in the Merger that is greater than or less than the fair market value of XpresSpa s units.   

The outstanding equity of XpresSpa is privately
held and is not traded in any public market. The lack of a public market makes it difficult to determine the fair market value
of XpresSpa. Since the amount of our common stock, preferred stock and warrants to be issued to XpresSpa s equity holders
was determined based on negotiations between the parties, it is possible that the value of the our common stock, preferred stock
and warrants to be issued in connection with the Merger will be greater than the fair market value of XpresSpa. Alternatively,
it is possible that the value of the shares of our common stock, preferred stock and warrants to be issued in connection with the
Merger will be less than the fair market value of XpresSpa. If the Merger is not completed or is delayed, these risks may materialize
and materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and our stock price. 

34   

If any of the events described in
 Risks Related to FORM s Business  or  Risks Related to XpresSpa s Business  in the S-4 Registration
Statement occur, those events could cause the potential benefits of the Merger not to be realized.   

Following the completion of the Merger,
our current executive officers and certain XpresSpa executive officers and certain of our and XpresSpa s directors will direct
our business and operations. Additionally, XpresSpa s business is expected to be an important part of our business following
the Merger. As a result, the risks described in the sections entitled  Risks Related to FORM s Business  and
 Risks Related to XpresSpa s Business  in the S-4 Registration Statement are among the significant risks to us
if the Merger is completed. To the extent any of the events described in either the section entitled  Risks Related to FORM s
Business  or  Risks Related to XpresSpa s Business  occur, those events could cause the potential benefits
of the Merger not to be realized and the market price of our common stock to decline. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.  

On August 8, 2016, we entered into subscription
agreements for the sale of 750,574 shares of our unregistered common stock to certain holders of XpresSpa, at a purchase price
of $2.31 per share, for an aggregate purchase price of $1,734,000. The proceeds were used for the purchase of Series C Preferred
Units of XpresSpa.  This issuance was made in reliance upon an exemption
from the registration requirements pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) under the Securities Act, and Rule 506 promulgated thereunder.   

Additionally, we issued 30,000 shares of
our unregistered common stock to a third-party consultant for professional services. This issuance was made in reliance upon an
exemption from the registration requirements pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) under the Securities Act, and Rule 506 promulgated thereunder.   

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities.  

None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures.  

Not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information.  

None. 

35   

Item 6. Exhibits.  

Exhibit   
  No.   
       
       Description    

2.1  
       
      Agreement and Plan of Merger by and among FORM Holdings Corp., FHXMS, LLC, XpresSpa Holdings, LLC, the unitholders of XpresSpa who are parties thereto and Mistral XH Representative, LLC, as representative of the unitholders, dated as of August 8, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 8, 2016).   

3.1  
       
      Form of Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 8, 2016).   

10.1  
       
      Subscription Agreement, dated as of August 8, 2016, by and between FORM Holdings Corp. and Mistral Spa Holdings, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 8, 2016).   

10.2  
       
      Subscription Agreement and Joinder, dated as of August 8, 2016, by and between XpresSpa Holdings, LLC and FORM Holdings Corp (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 8, 2016).   

31.1*  
       
      Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Exchange Act, Rules 13a - 14(a) and 15d - 14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   

31.2*  
       
      Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a - 14(a) and 15d - 14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   

32**  
       
      Certifications of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   

101.INS*  
       
      XBRL Instance Document   

101.SCH*  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document   

101.CAL*  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document   

101.DEF*  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document   

101.LAB*  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document   

101.PRE*  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document   

*  
       
      Filed herewith.   
 
      **  
       
      Furnished herein.   

36   

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized
on the 9th day of November 2016. 

FORM Holdings Corp.    

By:  
      /s/ ANASTASIA NYRKOVSKAYA   

Anastasia Nyrkovskaya    

Chief Financial Officer    

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)    

37   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 v451703_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER  

  PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF  

  THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

I, Andrew D. Perlman, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
of FORM Holdings Corp.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report
does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made,
in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial
statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying
officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and
procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over
financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the
registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change
in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant s first fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying
officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material
weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect
the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting. 

Dated:  November 9, 2016 

/s/ ANDREW D. PERLMAN   
 
       Chief Executive Officer    
 
       (Principal Executive Officer)    

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 v451703_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2  

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER  

  PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF  

  THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

I, Anastasia Nyrkovskaya, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
of FORM Holdings Corp.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report
does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made,
in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial
statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying
officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and
procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over
financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the
registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change
in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant s first fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying
officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material
weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect
the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting. 

Dated: November 9, 2016 

/s/ ANASTASIA NYRKOVSKAYA   
 
       Chief Financial Officer    
 
       (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)    

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 v451703_ex32.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

Exhibit 32  

CERTIFICATIONS OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER
AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER  

  PERSUANT SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002  

Pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350, chapter 63 of title 18, United States Code), each of the undersigned officers
of FORM Holdings, Corp., a Delaware corporation (the  Company ), does hereby certify, to such officer s knowledge,
that: 

The Quarterly Report for the quarter ended
September 30, 2016 (the  Form 10-Q ) of the Company fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and the information contained in the Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects,
the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 9, 2016 

/s/ ANDREW D. PERLMAN   
 
       Andrew D. Perlman    
 
       Chief Executive Officer    
 
       (Principal Executive Officer)    

Date: November 9, 2016 

/s/ ANASTASIA NYRKOVSKAYA   
 
       Anastasia Nyrkovskaya    
 
       Chief Financial Officer    
 
       (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)    

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 fh-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 fh-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 fh-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 fh-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 fh-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 fh-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

