<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161223_10-K_edgar_data_12040_0001174947-16-003557_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4399144</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>215184</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>277637</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>984164</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1660840</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1136232</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>45</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001174947-16-003557.hdr.sgml : 20161223
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161222210547
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001174947-16-003557
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		71
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20161001
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161223
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161222

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FLANIGANS ENTERPRISES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000012040
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-EATING PLACES [5812]
		IRS NUMBER:				590877638
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			FL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-06836
		FILM NUMBER:		162067838

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2841 CYPRESS CREEK RD
		CITY:			FORT LAUDERDALE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33309
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3059749003

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2841 CYPRESS CREEK ROAD
		CITY:			FORT LAUDERDALE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33309

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BIG DADDYS LOUNGES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19780309

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CASTLEWOOD INTERNATIONAL CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19760222

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MOSAM CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19690415

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001174947-16-003557.txt : 20161223

10-K
 1
 form10k-16670_flan.htm
 10-K

UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-K  

For the fiscal year ended October 1, 2016 

OR 

For the transition period from ____________
to ____________ 

Commission File Number 1-6836 

FLANIGAN'S ENTERPRISES, INC.   

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

(954) 377-1961  

 (Registrant's telephone number, including area
code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Common Stock, $.10 Par Value   
       NYSE MKT    
 
      Title of each class  
      Name of each exchange   

on which registered   

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: NONE 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes    
  No      

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes    
  No      

1   

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports) and
(2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes    
  No      

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  

  Yes    
  No      

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K ( 229.405 of this chapter) is not
contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.      

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of  large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act. 

Large
accelerated filer       Accelerated
filer       Non-accelerated
filer      Smaller reporting company     

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes     
 No      

The aggregate market value of the voting stock
held by non-affiliates of the registrant was $15,628,000 as of April 2, 2016, the last business day of the registrant s most
recently completed second fiscal quarter, based on the closing price of the common stock as reported on the NYSE MKT of $19.00. 

There were 1,858,647 shares of the Registrant's
Common Stock, $0.10 par value, outstanding as of December 22, 2016. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Information required by Part III (Items
10, 11, 12, 13 and 14) is incorporated by reference to portions of the Registrant s Proxy Statement for the 2017 Annual
Meeting of Shareholders which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission no later than 120 days after the end
of the registrant s fiscal year covered by this report. 

2   

FLANIGAN'S ENTERPRISES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

PART I .  

Item 1  
      Business   
       
        5  

Item 1A  
      Risk Factors  
       
      18  

Item 1B  
      Unresolved Staff Comments  
       
      28  

Item 2  
      Properties   
       
      29  

Item 3  
      Legal Proceedings   
       
      35  

Item 4  
      Mine Safety Disclosures  
       
      36  

PART II  

Item 5  
      Market for Registrant s  Common Equity,
    Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer  Purchases of Equity Securities.   
       
      36  

Item 6  
      Selected Financial Data.   
       
       37  

Item 7  
     
         Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operation.  
       
      37  

Item 7A  
      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.   
       
      47  

Item 8  
      Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.   
       
      49  

Item 9  
      Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.   
       
      49  

Item 9A  
      Controls and Procedures.  
       
      49  

Item 9B.  
      Other Information   
       
      50  

PART III .   

Item 10  
      Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance   
       
      50  

Item 11  
      Executive Compensation  
       
      50  

Item 12  
      Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and
    Management and Related Stockholder Matters  
       
      50  

3   

Item 13  
      Certain
    Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence.  

50  

Item 14   
      Principal Accounting  Fees and Services  
       
      51  

PART IV 

Item 15   
      Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules.   
       
      51  

Item 16 
     Form 10-K Summary 
       
     51  

SIGNATURES  

LIST XBRL DOCUMENTS  

As used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the terms  we, 
 us,   our,  the  Company  and  Flanigan s  mean Flanigan's Enterprises,
Inc. and its subsidiaries (unless the context indicates a different meaning).  

4   

       Table of Contents   

PART I 

Item 1. Business  

When used in this report,
the words  anticipate ,  believe ,  estimate ,  will ,  intend  and  expect 
and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements in this report include, but are not limited
to, those relating to the general expansion of our business. Although we believe that our plans, intentions and expectations reflected
in these forward-looking statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that these plans, intentions or expectations will
be achieved. We undertake no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances occurring after
the date of this annual report on Form 10-K. 

General  

At October 1, 2016, we
(i) operated 25 units, (excluding the adult entertainment club referenced in (ii) below), consisting of restaurants, package liquor
stores and combination restaurants/package liquor stores that we either own or have operational control over and partial ownership
in; (ii) own but do not operate one adult entertainment club; and (iii) franchise an additional five units, consisting of two restaurants
(one of which we operate) and three combination restaurants/package liquor stores. The table below provides information concerning
the type (i.e. restaurant, package liquor store or combination restaurant/package liquor store) and ownership of the units (i.e.
whether (i) we own 100% of the unit; (ii) the unit is owned by a limited partnership of which we are the sole general partner and/or
have invested in; or (iii) the unit is franchised by us), as of October 1, 2016 and as compared to October 3, 2015. With the exception
of  The Whale s Rib , a restaurant we operate but do not own, all of the restaurants operate under our service
mark  Flanigan s Seafood Bar and Grill  and all of the package liquor stores operate under our service mark  Big
Daddy s Liquors . 

FISCAL  
      FISCAL  

YEAR  
      YEAR  

2016  
      2015  
      NOTE NUMBER   
 
      TYPES OF UNITS  

Company Owned :  

Combination package liquor  

store and restaurant       
       
      4  
      4  

Restaurant only       
       
      6  
      6  

Package liquor store only   
       
      5  
      5  

Company Managed   

Restaurants Only :  

Limited partnerships      
       
      8  
      8  

Franchise     
       
      1  
      1  

Unrelated Third Party  
          
     1 
      1  

5   

      Table of Contents  

Notes: 

(1) We operate a restaurant
for one (1) franchisee. This unit is included in the table both as a franchised restaurant, as well as a restaurant operated by
us. 

History and Development of Our Business  

We were incorporated in
Florida in 1959 and commenced operating as a chain of small cocktail lounges and package liquor stores throughout South Florida.
By 1970, we had established a chain of  Big Daddy's  lounges and package liquor stores between Vero Beach and Homestead,
Florida. From 1970 to 1979, we expanded our package liquor store and lounge operations throughout Florida and opened clubs in five
other  Sun Belt  states. In 1975, we discontinued most of our package store operations in Florida except in the South
Florida areas of Miami-Dade, Broward, Palm Beach and Monroe Counties. In 1982 we expanded our club operations into the Philadelphia,
Pennsylvania area as general partner of several limited partnerships we organized. In March 1985 we began franchising package liquor
stores and lounges in the South Florida area. See Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements and the discussion of franchised
units on page 7. 

During our fiscal year
1987, we began renovating our lounges to provide full restaurant food service, and subsequently renovated and added food service
to most of our lounges. Food sales currently represent approximately 76.0% and bar sales approximately 24.0% of our total restaurant
sales. 

Our package liquor stores
emphasize high volume business by providing customers with a wide variety of brand name and private label merchandise at discount
prices. Our restaurants offer alcoholic beverages and full food service with abundant portions and reasonable prices, served in
a relaxed, friendly and casual atmosphere. 

We conduct our operations
directly and through a number of limited partnerships and wholly owned subsidiaries, all of which are listed below. Our subsidiaries
and the limited partnerships, (except for the limited partnership, where we are not the general partner, which owns and operates
our franchised restaurant in Fort Lauderdale, Florida) are reported on a consolidated basis. 

6   

      Table of Contents  

STATE OF  
      PERCENTAGE   
 
       ENTITY   
       ORGANIZATION   
       OWNED    

Flanigan s Management Services, Inc.  
      Florida  
      100   
 
      Flanigan s Enterprises, Inc. of Georgia  
      Georgia  
      100   
 
      Flanigan s Enterprises, Inc. of Pa.  
      Pennsylvania  
      100   
 
      Flanigan s Enterprises of N. Miami, Inc.  
      Florida  
      100   
 
      CIC Investors #13, Limited Partnership  
      Florida  
      45   
 
      CIC Investors #50, Limited Partnership  
      Florida  
      23   
 
      CIC Investors #55, Limited Partnership  
      Florida  
      49   
 
      CIC Investors #60, Limited Partnership  
      Florida  
      46   
 
      CIC Investors #65, Limited Partnership  
      Florida  
      28   
 
      CIC Investors #70, Limited Partnership  
      Florida  
      41   
 
      CIC Investors #80, Limited Partnership  
      Florida  
      27   
 
      CIC Investors #90, Limited Partnership  
      Florida  
      5   
 
      Josar Investments, LLC  
      Florida  
      100   
 
      Flanigan s Calusa Center, LLC  
      Florida  
      100   

Package Liquor Store Operations  

Our package liquor stores
emphasize high volume business by providing customers with a wide selection of brand name and private label liquors, beer and wines
while offering competitive pricing by meeting the published sales prices of our competitors. We provide sales training to our package
liquor store personnel. The stores are open for business six or seven days a week from 9:00-10:00 a.m. to 9:00-10:00 p.m., depending
upon demand and local law. Approximately half of our units have  night windows  with extended evening hours. 

Company Owned Package
Liquor Stores . We own and operate nine package liquor stores in the South Florida area under the name  Big Daddy s
Liquors , four of which are jointly operated with restaurants we own. 

Franchised Package Liquor
Stores . We currently franchise three package liquor stores, all in the South Florida area, all of which are operated under
the name  Big Daddy s Liquors  and are jointly operated with our franchisee s restaurant operations. Two
of the three remaining franchised package liquor stores are franchised to members of the family of our Chairman of the Board, officers
and/or directors. We have not entered into a franchise arrangement for either a package liquor store, restaurant or combination
package liquor store/restaurant since 1986 and do not anticipate that we will do so in the foreseeable future. 

7   

      Table of Contents  

Generally, a franchise
agreement with our franchisees for the operation of a package liquor store runs for the balance of the term of the franchisee s
lease for the business premises, extended by the franchisee s continued occupancy of the business premises thereafter, whether
by lease or ownership. In exchange for our providing management and related services to the franchisee and our granting the right
to the franchisee to use our service mark,  Big Daddy s Liquors , franchisees of package liquor stores pay us
weekly in arrears, (i) a royalty equal to approximately 1% of gross sales; plus (ii) an amount for advertising equal to between
1-1/2% to 3% of gross sales generated at the stores depending upon our actual advertising costs. 

Restaurant Operations.  

Our restaurants provide
a neighborhood casual, standardized dining experience, typical of casual restaurant chains. The interior decor of the restaurants
is nautical with numerous fishing and boating pictures and decorations. The restaurants are designed to permit minor modifications
without significant capital expenditures. However, from time to time we are required to redesign and refurbish the restaurants
at significant cost. Drink prices may vary between locations to meet local conditions. Food prices are substantially standardized
for all restaurants. The restaurants' hours of operation are from 11:00 a.m. to 1:00-5:00 a.m. depending upon demand and local
law. 

Company Owned Restaurants .
We own and operate ten restaurants all under our service mark  Flanigan s Seafood Bar and Grill  four of which
are jointly operated with package liquor stores we own. 

Franchised Restaurants .
We franchise five restaurants, all of which operate under our service mark  Flanigan s Seafood Bar and Grill ,
two of which operate as a restaurant only and three of which operate jointly with a franchisee operated  Big Daddy s
Liquors  package liquor store. 

Generally, a franchise
agreement with our franchisees for the operation of a restaurant runs for the balance of the term of the franchisee s lease
for the business premises, extended by the franchisee s continued occupancy of the business premises thereafter, whether
by lease or ownership. In exchange for our providing management and related services to the franchisee and our granting the right
to the franchisee to use our service mark,  Flanigan s Seafood Bar and Grill , our franchisees pay us weekly
in arrears, (i) a royalty equal to approximately 3% of gross sales; plus (ii) an amount for advertising equal to between 1-1/2%
to 3% of gross sales from the restaurants depending upon our actual advertising costs. 

For accounting purposes,
we do not consolidate the revenue and expenses of our franchisees  operations with our revenue and expenses. Franchise royalties
we receive are  earned  when sales are made by franchisees. 

Restaurants Owned by Affiliated Limited Partnerships  

We have invested with others,
(some of whom are or are affiliated with our officers and directors), in nine limited partnerships which currently own and operate
nine South Florida based restaurants under our service mark  Flanigan s Seafood Bar and Grill . In addition to
being a limited partner in these limited partnerships, we are the sole general partner of eight of these limited partnerships and
manage and control the operations of these restaurants. We are only a limited partner in the limited partnership which owns and
operates the restaurant located in Fort Lauderdale, Florida. 

8   

      Table of Contents  

Generally, the terms of
the limited partnership agreements provide that until the investors  cash investment in a limited partnership (including
any cash invested by us) is returned in full, the limited partnership distributes to the investors annually out of available cash
from the operation of the restaurant, as a return of capital, up to 25% of the cash invested in the limited partnership, with no
management fee paid to us. Any available cash in excess of the 25% of the cash invested in the limited partnership distributed
to the investors annually, is paid one-half ( ) to us as a management fee and one-half (1/2) to the investors, (including
us), pro-rata based on the investors  investment, as a return of capital. Once all of the investors, (including us), have
received, in full, amounts equal to their cash invested, an annual management fee becomes payable to us equal to one-half ( )
of cash available to be distributed, with the other one half ( ) of available cash distributed to the investors (including
us), as a profit distribution, pro-rata based on the investors  investment. As of October 1, 2016, limited partnerships owning
five (5) restaurants, (Surfside, Florida, Kendall, Florida, West Miami, Florida, Pinecrest, Florida and Wellington, Florida locations),
have returned all cash invested and we receive an annual management fee equal to one-half ( ) of the cash available for
distribution by the limited partnership. In addition to our receipt of distributable amounts from the limited partnerships, we
receive a fee equal to 3% of gross sales for use of our  Flanigan s Seafood Bar and Grill  service mark, which
use is authorized while we act as general partner only. This 3% fee is  earned  when sales are made by the limited
partnerships and is paid weekly, in arrears. Whether we will have any additional restaurants under development in the future will
be dependent, among other things, on market conditions and our ability to raise capital. We anticipate that we will continue to
form limited partnerships to raise funds to own and operate restaurants under our service mark  Flanigan s Seafood
Bar and Grill  using the same or substantially similar financial arrangements. 

Below is information on
the nine limited partnerships which own and operate  Flanigan s Seafood Bar and Grill  restaurants: 

Surfside, Florida  

We are the sole general
partner and a 46% limited partner in this limited partnership which has owned and operated a restaurant in Surfside, Florida under
our  Flanigan s Seafood Bar and Grill  service mark since March 6, 1998. 33.3% of the remaining limited partnership
interest is owned by persons who are either our officers, directors or their family members. This limited partnership has returned
to its investors all of their initial cash invested and we receive an annual management fee equal to one-half ( ) of the
cash available for distribution by this limited partnership. 

9   

      Table of Contents  

Kendall, Florida  

We are the sole general
partner and a 41% limited partner in this limited partnership which has owned and operated a restaurant in Kendall, Florida under
our  Flanigan s Seafood Bar and Grill  service mark since April 4, 2000. 28.3% of the remaining limited partnership
interest is owned by persons who are either our officers, directors or their family members. This limited partnership has returned
to its investors all of their initial cash invested and we receive an annual management fee equal to one-half ( ) of the
cash available for distribution by this limited partnership. 

West Miami, Florida  

We are the sole general
partner and a 27% limited partner in this limited partnership which has owned and operated a restaurant in West Miami, Florida
under our  Flanigan s Seafood Bar and Grill  service mark since October 11, 2001. 32.7% of the remaining limited
partnership interest is owned by persons who are either our officers, directors or their family members. This limited partnership
has returned to its investors all of their initial cash invested and we receive an annual management fee equal to one-half ( )
of the cash available for distribution by this limited partnership. 

Wellington, Florida  

We are the sole general
partner and a 28% limited partner in this limited partnership which has owned and operated a restaurant in Wellington, Florida
under our  Flanigan s Seafood Bar and Grill  service mark since May 27, 2005. 22.4% of the remaining limited
partnership interest is owned by persons who are either our officers, directors or their family members. This limited partnership
has returned to its investors all of their initial cash invested and we receive an annual management fee equal to one-half (1/2)
of the cash available for distribution by this limited partnership. 

Pinecrest, Florida  

We are the sole general
partner and 45% limited partner in this limited partnership which has owned and operated a restaurant in Pinecrest, Florida under
our  Flanigan s Seafood Bar and Grill  service mark since August 14, 2006. 20.2% of the remaining limited partnership
interest is owned by persons who are either our officers, directors or their family members. This limited partnership has returned
to its investors all of their initial cash invested and we receive an annual management fee equal to one-half ( ) of the
cash available for distribution by this limited partnership. 

Pembroke Pines, Florida  

We are the sole general
partner and a 23% limited partner in this limited partnership which has owned and operated a restaurant in Pembroke Pines, Florida
under our  Flanigan s Seafood Bar and Grill  service mark since October 29, 2007. 23.8% of the remaining limited
partnership interest is owned by persons who are either our officers, directors or their family members. As of the end of our fiscal
year 2016, this limited partnership has returned to its investors approximately 75.0% of their initial cash invested, increased
from approximately 62.0% as of the end of our fiscal year 2015. 

10   

      Table of Contents  

Davie, Florida  

We are the sole general
partner and a 49% limited partner in this limited partnership which has owned and operated a restaurant in Davie, Florida under
our  Flanigan s Seafood Bar and Grill  service mark since July 28, 2008. 12.3% of the remaining limited partnership
interest is owned by persons who are either our officers, directors or their family members. As of the end of our fiscal year 2016,
this limited partnership has returned to its investors approximately 70.5% of their initial cash invested, increased from approximately
60.5% as of the end of our fiscal year 2015. 

Miami, Florida  

We are the sole general
partner and a 5% limited partner in this limited partnership which has owned and operated a restaurant in Miami, Florida under
our  Flanigan s Seafood Bar and Grill  service mark since December 27, 2012. 26.8% of the remaining limited partnership
interest is owned by persons who are either our officers, directors or their family members. As of the end of our fiscal year 2016,
this limited partnership has returned to its investors approximately 71.0% of their initial cash invested, increased from approximately
42.0% as of the end of our fiscal year 2015. 

Fort Lauderdale, Florida  

A corporation, owned by
one of our board members, acts as sole general partner of a limited partnership which has owned and operated a restaurant in Fort
Lauderdale, Florida under our  Flanigan s Seafood Bar and Grill  service mark since April 1, 1997. We have a
25% limited partnership interest in this limited partnership. 56.9% of the remaining limited partnership interest is owned by persons
who are either our officers, directors or their family members. This limited partnership has returned to its investors all cash
invested, but since we are not the general partner of this limited partnership, we do not receive an annual management fee. We
have a franchise arrangement with this limited partnership and for accounting purposes, we do not consolidate the operations of
this limited partnership into our operations. 

Management Agreement for  The Whale s Rib 
Restaurant  

Since January, 2006, we
have managed  The Whale s Rib , a casual dining restaurant located in Deerfield Beach, Florida, pursuant to a
management agreement. We paid $500,000 in exchange for our rights to manage this restaurant. The restaurant is owned by a third
party unaffiliated with us. In exchange for providing management, bookkeeping and related services, we receive one-half ( )
of the net profit, if any, from the operation of the restaurant. For our fiscal years ended October 1, 2016 and October 3, 2015,
we generated $442,000 and $500,000 of revenue, respectively from providing these management services. 

Adult Entertainment Club  

We own, but do not operate,
an adult entertainment nightclub located in Atlanta, Georgia which operates under the name  Mardi Gras . We have a
management agreement with an unaffiliated third party to manage the club. Under our management agreement, the unaffiliated third
party management firm is obligated to pay us an annual amount, paid monthly, equal to the greater of $150,000 or ten (10%) percent
of gross sales from the club, offset by one-half (1/2) of any rental increases, provided our fees will never be less than $150,000
per year. For our fiscal years ended October 1, 2016 and October 3, 2015, we generated $150,000 and $163,000 of revenue, respectively,
from the operation of the club. 

11   

      Table of Contents  

Operations and Management  

We emphasize systematic
operations and control of all package liquor stores and restaurants regardless of whether we own, franchise or manage the unit.
Each unit has its own manager who is responsible for monitoring inventory levels, supervising sales personnel, food preparation
and service in restaurants and generally assuring that the unit is managed in accordance with our guidelines and procedures. We
have in effect an incentive cash bonus program for our managers and salespersons based upon various performance criteria. Our operations
are supervised by supervisors, who visit units to provide on-site management and support. There are three supervisors responsible
for package liquor store operations and five supervisors responsible for restaurant operations. 

All of our managers and
salespersons receive extensive training in sales techniques. We arrange for independent third parties, or  shoppers ,
to inspect each unit in order to evaluate the unit's operations, including the handling of cash transactions. 

Purchasing and Inventory  

The package liquor business
requires a constant substantial capital investment in inventory in the units. Our inventory consists primarily of liquor and wine
products and as such, does not become excessive or obsolete that would require identifying and recording of the same. Liquor inventory
purchased can normally be returned only if defective or broken. 

All of our purchases of
liquor inventory are made through our purchasing department from our corporate headquarters. The major portion of inventory is
purchased under individual purchase orders with licensed wholesalers and distributors who deliver the merchandise within one or
two days of the placing of an order. Frequently there is only one wholesaler in the immediate marketing area with an exclusive
distributorship of certain liquor product lines. Substantially all of our liquor inventory is shipped by the wholesalers or distributors
directly to our stores. We significantly increase our inventory prior to Christmas, New Year's Eve and other holidays. Under Florida
law, we are required to pay for our liquor purchases within ten days of delivery. 

Negotiations with food
suppliers are conducted by our purchasing department at our corporate headquarters. We believe this ensures that the best quality
and prices will be available to each restaurant. Orders for food products are prepared by each restaurant's kitchen manager and
reviewed by the restaurant's general manager before orders are placed. Food is delivered by the supplier directly to each restaurant.
Orders are placed several times a week to ensure product freshness. Food inventory is primarily paid for monthly. 

12   

      Table of Contents  

Government Regulation  

Our operations are subject
to various federal, state and local laws affecting our business. In particular, our operations are subject to regulation by federal
agencies and to licensing and regulation by state and local health, sanitation, alcoholic beverage control, safety and fire department
agencies in the state or municipality where our units are located. 

Alcoholic beverage control
regulations require each of our restaurants and package liquor stores to obtain a license to sell alcoholic beverages from a state
authority and in certain locations, county and municipal authorities. 

In Florida, where all of
our restaurants and package liquor stores are located, most of our liquor licenses are issued on a  quota license  basis.
Quota licenses are issued on the basis of a population count established from time to time under the latest applicable census.
Because the total number of liquor licenses available under a quota license system is limited and restrictions are placed upon
their transfer, the licenses have purchase and resale value based upon supply and demand in the particular areas in which they
are issued. The quota licenses held by us allow the sale of liquor for on and off premises consumption. In Florida, the other liquor
licenses held by us or limited partnerships of which we are the general partner are restaurant liquor licenses, which do not have
quota restrictions and no purchase or resale value. A restaurant liquor license is issued to every applicant who meets all of the
state and local licensing requirements, including, but not limited to zoning and minimum restaurant size, seating and menu. The
restaurant liquor licenses held by us allow the sale of liquor for on premises consumption only. 

In the State of Georgia,
where our adult entertainment club is located, licensed establishments also do not have quota restrictions for on-premises consumption
and such licenses are issued to any applicant who meets all of the state and local licensing requirements based upon extensive
license application filings and investigations of the applicant. 

All licenses must be renewed
annually and may be revoked or suspended for cause at any time. Suspension or revocation may result from violation by the licensee
or its employees of any federal, state or local law regulation pertaining to alcoholic beverage control. Alcoholic beverage control
regulations relate to numerous aspects of the daily operations of our units, including, minimum age of patrons and employees, hours
of operations, advertising, wholesale purchasing, inventory control, handling, storage and dispensing of alcoholic beverages, internal
control and accounting and collection of state alcoholic beverage taxes. 

As the sale of alcoholic
beverages constitutes a large share of our revenue, the failure to receive or retain, or a delay in obtaining a liquor license
in a particular location could adversely affect our operations in that location and could impair our ability to obtain licenses
elsewhere. 

13   

      Table of Contents  

During our fiscal years
2016 and 2015, no significant pending matters have been initiated concerning any of our licenses which might be expected to result
in a revocation of a liquor license or other significant actions against us. 

We are subject to  dram-shop 
statutes due to our restaurant operations and club ownership. These statutes generally provide a person injured by an intoxicated
person the right to recover damages from an establishment that wrongfully served alcoholic beverages to the intoxicated individual.
We carry liquor liability coverage as part of our existing comprehensive general liability insurance, which we believe is consistent
with coverage carried by other entities in the restaurant industry. Although we are covered by insurance, a judgment against us
under a dram-shop statute in excess of our liability coverage could have a material adverse effect on us. 

Our operations are also
subject to federal and state laws governing such matters as wages, working conditions, citizenship requirements and overtime. Significant
numbers of hourly personnel at our restaurants are paid at rates related to the federal or Florida minimum wage, whichever is higher,
and accordingly, increases in the minimum wage will increase labor costs. We are also subject to the Americans With Disability
Act of 1990 (ADA), which, among other things, may require certain renovations to our restaurants to meet federally mandated requirements.
The cost of any such renovations is not expected to materially affect us. 

We are not aware of any
statute, ordinance, rule or regulation under present consideration which would significantly limit or restrict our business as
now conducted. However, in view of the number of jurisdictions in which we conduct business, and the highly regulated nature of
the liquor business, there can be no assurance that additional limitations may not be imposed in the future, even though none are
presently anticipated. 

General Liability Insurance   

We have general liability
insurance which incorporates a semi-self-insured plan under which we assume the full risk of the first $50,000 of exposure per
occurrence, while the limited partnerships assume the full risk of the first $10,000 of exposure per occurrence. Our insurance
carrier is responsible for $1,000,000 coverage per occurrence above our self-insured deductible, up to a maximum aggregate of $2,000,000
per year. During our fiscal year 2016 we were able to purchase excess liability insurance at a reasonable premium, whereby our
excess insurance carrier is responsible for $6,000,000 coverage above our primary general liability insurance coverage. With the
exception of one (1) limited partnership which has higher general liability insurance coverage to comply with the terms of its
lease for the business premises, we are un-insured against liability claims in excess of $7,000,000 per occurrence and in the aggregate. 

Our general policy is to
settle only those legitimate and reasonable claims asserted and to aggressively defend and go to trial, if necessary, on frivolous
and unreasonable claims. We have established a group of defense attorneys which we use in conjunction with this program. Under
our current liability insurance policy, any expense incurred by us in defending a claim, including adjusters and attorney's fees,
are a part of our $50,000 or $10,000, as applicable, self-insured retentions. 

14   

      Table of Contents  

In accordance with accounting
guidance, we accrue for any self-insured liability by recognizing costs when it is probable that a covered liability has been incurred
and the cost can be reasonably estimated. Accordingly, our annual self-insurance costs may be subject to adjustment from previous
estimates as facts and circumstances change. Our self-insured accruals are included in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets
in the caption  Accounts payable and accrued expenses . A significant unfavorable judgment or settlement against us in
excess of our liability insurance coverage could have a materially adverse effect on the Company. 

Property Insurance; Windstorm Insurance;
Deductibles   

For the policy year
beginning December 30, 2015, our property insurance is a one (1) year policy with an unaffiliated third party insurance
carrier, including coverage for properties leased by us and our consolidated limited partnerships, and provides for full
insurance coverage for property losses, including those caused by windstorm, such as a hurricane. We are in discussions to
secure property insurance for the period commencing after the expiration of the current policy. For property losses caused by
windstorm, the property insurance has fixed deductibles per location, per occurrence. For all other property losses, the
property insurance has deductibles of $10,000 per location, per occurrence. The one (1) year property insurance premium is in
the amount of $504,000, of which $404,000 is financed through an unaffiliated third party lender. The finance agreement
provides that we are obligated to repay the amount financed, together with interest at the rate of 2.95% per annum, over
10 months, with monthly payments of principal and interest, each in the amount of approximately $41,000. The finance
agreement is secured by a security interest in the insurance policy, all unearned premium, return premium, dividend payments
and loss payments thereof. 

Competition and the Company's Market  

The liquor and hospitality
industries are highly competitive and are often affected by changes in taste and entertainment trends among the public, by local,
national and economic conditions affecting spending habits, and by population and traffic patterns. We believe that the principal
means of competition among package liquor stores is price and that, in general, the principal means of competition among restaurants
include the location, type and quality of facilities and the type, quality and price of beverage and food served. 

Our package liquor stores
compete directly or indirectly with local retailers and discount  superstores . Due to the competitive nature of the
liquor industry in South Florida, we have had to adjust our pricing to stay competitive, including meeting all competitors 
advertisements. Such practices will continue in the package liquor business. We believe that we have a competitive position in
our market because of widespread consumer recognition of the  Big Daddy's Liquors  name. 

Our restaurants compete
directly or indirectly with many well-established competitors, both nationally and locally owned. Due to the competitive nature
of the hospitality industry, we have limited our menu price increases. In February 2016, we increased certain menu prices
for our  bar offerings to target an increase to our total bar revenues of approximately 3.0% annually and we also increased
certain restaurant menu prices for our food offerings to target an increase to our total food revenues of approximately 3.7% annually.
During our fiscal year 2015 we did not raise our menu prices, nor did we raise our  bar prices. We believe that we have
a competitive position in our market because of widespread consumer recognition of the  Flanigan s Seafood Bar and Grill 
name. 

15   

      Table of Contents  

We have many well-established
competitors, both nationally and locally owned, with substantially greater financial resources than we do. Their resources and
market presence may provide advantages in marketing, purchasing and negotiating leases. We compete with other restaurant and retail
establishments for sites and finding management personnel. 

Our business is subject
to seasonal effects, including that liquor purchases tend to increase during the holiday seasons. 

Trade Names  

We operate our package
liquor stores and restaurants under two service marks;  Big Daddy's Liquors  and  Flanigan's Seafood Bar and Grill ,
both of which are federally registered trademarks owned by us. Our right to the use of the  Big Daddy's  service mark
is set forth under a consent decree of a Federal Court entered into by us in settlement of federal trademark litigation. The consent
decree and the settlement agreement allow us to continue to use and to expand our use of the  Big Daddy's  service mark
in connection with our package liquor sales in Florida, while restricting future liquor sales in Florida under the  Big Daddy's 
name by the other party who has a federally registered service mark for  Big Daddy's  use in the restaurant business.
The Federal Court retained jurisdiction to enforce the consent decree. We have acquired registered Federal trademarks on the principal
register for our  Flanigan's  and  Flanigan s Seafood Bar and Grill  service marks. 

The standard symbolic trademark
associated with our facilities and operations is the bearded face and head of  Big Daddy  which is predominantly displayed
at all  Flanigan's  facilities and all  Big Daddy's  facilities throughout the country. The face comprising
this trademark is that of the Company s founder, Joseph  Big Daddy  Flanigan, and is a federally registered trademark
owned by us. 

Employees  

As of our fiscal year end
2016, we employed 1,714 persons, of which 1,029 were full-time and 685 were part-time. Of these, 40 were employed at our corporate
offices in administrative capacities and 11 were employed in maintenance. Of the remaining employees, 55 were employed in package
liquor stores and 1,608 in restaurants. 

16   

      Table of Contents  

None of our employees are
represented by collective bargaining organizations. We consider our labor relations to be favorable. 

EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 

Positions and Offices    
             
     Office or Position     
 
     Name    
     Currently Held    
     Age       
     Held Since     

James G. Flanigan    
     Chairman of the Board    
        52       
        (1  )  

of Directors, Chief    

Executive Officer and    

President    

August Bucci    
     Chief Operating Officer    
        72       
        2002     

and Executive Vice    

President    

Jeffrey D. Kastner    
     Chief Financial Officer,    
        63       
        (2  )  

General Counsel and    

Secretary    

Christopher O Neil    
     Vice President of Package    
        51       
        2016     

Operations    

Flanigan s 401(k) Plan  

Effective July 1, 2004,
we began sponsoring a 401(k) retirement plan covering substantially all employees who meet certain eligibility requirements. Employees
may contribute elective deferrals to the plan up to amounts allowed under the Internal Revenue Code. We are not required to contribute
to the plan but may make discretionary profit sharing and/or matching contributions. During our fiscal years ended October 1, 2016
and October 3, 2015, the Board of Directors approved discretionary matching contributions totaling $43,000 and $35,000, respectively. 

Environmental Matters   

We are not aware of any
federal, state or local environmental laws or regulations that will materially affect our earnings or competitive position or result
in material capital expenditures. However, we cannot predict the effect of possible future environmental legislation or regulations
on our operations. 

17   

      Table of Contents  

Item 1A  Risk Factors  

An investment in our common
stock involves a high degree of risk. These risks should be considered carefully with the uncertainties described below, and all
other information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, before deciding whether to purchase our common stock. Additional
risks and uncertainties not currently known to management or that management currently deems immaterial and therefore not referenced
herein, may also become material and may harm our business, financial condition or results of operations. The occurrence of any
of the following risks could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. The trading price of our common
stock could decline due to any of these risks and uncertainties and you may lose part or all of your investment. 

Certain statements in this
report contain forward-looking information. In general, forward-looking statements include estimates of future revenues, cash flow,
capital expenditures, or other financial items and assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. Forward-looking statements reflect
management s current expectations regarding future events and use words such as  anticipate ,  believe ,
 expect ,  may ,  will  and other similar terminology. These statements speak only as of the
date they were made and involve a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those
expressed in the forward-looking statements. Several factors, many beyond our control, could cause actual results to differ materially
from management s expectations. New risks and uncertainties arise from time to time, and we cannot predict when they may
arise or how they may affect us. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements after the date of this report
as a result of new information, future events or other developments, except as required by applicable laws and regulations. 

Our
Sales and Profit Growth Could be Adversely Affected If Comparable Restaurant Sales Increases Are Less Than We Expect, and We May
Not Successfully Increase Comparable Restaurant Sales or They May Decrease. 

While future sales
growth will depend substantially on our opening new restaurants, changes in comparable restaurant sales (which represent the change
in period-over-period sales for restaurants) will also affect our sales growth and will continue to be a critical factor affecting
profit growth. This is because the profit margin on comparable restaurant sales is generally higher, as comparable restaurant sales
increases enable fixed costs to be spread over a higher sales base. Conversely, declines in comparable restaurant sales can have
a significant adverse effect on profitability due to the loss of the positive impact on profit margins associated with comparable
restaurant sales increases. There is no assurance that comparable restaurant sales will increase in fiscal year 2017 due to, among
other things, ongoing consumer and economic uncertainty. 

Our ability to increase
comparable restaurant sales depends on many factors, including: 

perceptions of the Flanigans  brand; 

     competition, especially
from an increasing number of competitors in the fast casual segment of the restaurant industry and from other restaurants whose
strategies overlap ours; 

     executing our strategies
effectively, including our marketing and branding strategies; 

     changes in consumer
preferences and discretionary spending; and 

     our ability
to increase menu prices without adversely affecting our existing business; 

As a result
it is possible that we will not achieve our targeted comparable restaurant sales or that the change in comparable restaurant sales
could be negative. A number of these factors are beyond our control and therefore we cannot assure that we will be able to sustain
comparable restaurant sales increases. 

18   

      Table of Contents  

High Unemployment,
Instability in the Housing Market, High Energy and Food Costs and General Economic Uncertainty Could Result in a Decline in Consumer
Discretionary Spending That Would Materially Affect our Financial Performance. 

Dining out is a discretionary
expense. Factors that affect consumer behavior and spending for restaurant dining, such as changes in general economic conditions
(including national, regional and local economic conditions), discretionary spending patterns, employment levels, instability in
the housing market, and high energy and food costs may have a material adverse effect on us. If economic conditions worsen, our
financial performance could be adversely affected. 

Intense Competition In The Restaurant
And Package Liquor Store Industry Could Prevent Us From Increasing Or Sustaining Our Revenues And Profitability. 

The restaurant and package
liquor store industry is intensely competitive with respect to food quality, price-value relationships, ambiance, service and location
and many restaurants and package liquor stores compete with us at each of our locations. There are a number of well-established
competitors with substantially greater financial, marketing, personnel and other resources than ours, and many of our competitors
are well established in the markets where we have restaurants and/or stores where we intend to locate restaurants. Additionally,
other companies may develop restaurants and/or stores that operate with similar concepts. 

Any inability to successfully
compete with the other restaurants and/or stores in our markets will prevent us from increasing or sustaining our revenues and
profitability and will result in a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash
flows. We may also need to modify or refine elements of our business to evolve our concepts in order to compete with popular new
restaurant formats or store concepts that may develop in the future. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in implementing
these modifications or that these modifications will not reduce our profitability. 

New Information
Or Attitudes Regarding Diet And Health Could Result In Changes In Regulations And Consumer Eating Habits That Could Adversely Affect
Our Revenues. 

Regulations and
consumer eating habits may change as a result of new information or attitudes regarding diet and health. These changes may include
regulations that impact the ingredients and nutritional content of our menu items at our restaurants. For example, a number of
states, counties and cities are enacting menu labeling laws requiring multi-unit restaurant operators to make certain nutritional
information available to guests or restrict the sales of certain types of ingredients in restaurants. The success of our restaurant
operations is dependent, in part, upon our ability to effectively respond to changes in consumer health and disclosure regulations
and to adapt our menu offerings to trends in eating habits. If consumer health regulations or consumer eating habits change significantly,
we may be required to modify or delete certain menu items. To the extent we are unable to respond with appropriate changes to our
menu offerings, it could materially affect customer demand and have an adverse impact on our revenues. 

19   

      Table of Contents  

Adverse Public
Or Medical Opinions About Health Effects Of Consuming Our Products As Well As Negative Publicity About Us, Our Restaurants And/Or
Package Liquor Stores And About Others Across The Food And Liquor Industry Supply Chain, Whether Or Not Accurate, Could Negatively
Affect Us. 

Restaurant operators
have received more scrutiny from regulators and health organizations in recent years relating to the health effects of consuming
certain products. An unfavorable report on the products we use in our menu, the size of our portions or the consumption of those
items could influence the demand for our offerings. In addition, adverse publicity or news reports, whether or not accurate, of
food quality issues, illness, injury, health concerns, or operating issues stemming from a single restaurant, a limited number
of restaurants, restaurants operated by others or generally in the food supply chain could be damaging to the restaurant industry
overall and specifically harm our reputation. A decrease in guest traffic as a result of these types of health concerns or negative
publicity could materially harm our results of operations. 

 Our Inability
To Successfully And Sufficiently Raise Menu Prices Could Result In A Decline In Profitability. 

We utilize menu price increases
to help offset cost increases, including increased cost for commodities, minimum wages, employee benefits, insurance arrangements,
construction, utilities and other key operating costs. If our selection and amount of menu price increases are not accepted by
consumers and reduce guest traffic, or are insufficient to counter increased costs, our financial results could be negatively affected.
However, we have not experienced any adverse affects from past menu price increases. 

Increases
in Food Costs, Raw Materials and Other Supplies and Services May Have a Material Adverse Impact on our Financial Performance. 

Our operating margins depend
on, among other things, our ability to anticipate and react to changes in the costs of key operating resources, including food
and beverage costs, utilities and other supplies and services. We attempt to negotiate short-term and long-term agreements for
our principal commodity, supply and equipment requirements, depending on market conditions and expected demand. However, we are
currently unable to contract for extended periods of time for certain of our commodities. Consequently, these commodities can be
subject to unforeseen supply and cost fluctuations due to factors such as changes in demand patterns, increases in the cost of
key inputs, fuel costs, weather and other market conditions outside of our control. Dairy costs can also fluctuate due to government
regulation. Our suppliers also may be affected by higher costs to produce and transport commodities used in our restaurants, higher
minimum wage and benefit costs, and other expenses that they pass through to their customers, which could result in higher costs
for goods and services supplied to us. 

20   

      Table of Contents  

Our Business
Could Be Materially Adversely Affected If We Are Unable To Expand In A Timely And Profitable Manner 

To grow successfully, we
must open new restaurants on a timely and profitable basis. We have experienced delays in restaurant openings from time to time
and may experience delays in the future. During our fiscal years 2016 and 2015 we had no new restaurants under development. We
currently do not have any new restaurants under development. 

Our ability to open and
profitably operate restaurants and/or package liquor stores is subject to various risks such as identification and availability
of suitable and economically viable locations, the negotiation of acceptable leases or the purchase terms of existing locations,
the availability of limited partner investors or other means to raise capital, the need to obtain all required governmental permits
(including zoning approvals) on a timely basis, the need to comply with other regulatory requirements, the availability of necessary
contractors and subcontractors, the availability of construction materials and labor, the ability to meet construction schedules
and budgets, variations in labor and building material costs, changes in weather or other acts of God that could result in construction
delays and adversely affect the results of one or more restaurants and/or package liquor stores for an indeterminate amount of
time. If we are unable to successfully manage these risks, we will face increased costs and lower than anticipated revenues which
will materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flow. 

Changes In
Customer Preferences For Casual Dining Styles Could Adversely Affect Financial Performance 

Changing customer preferences,
tastes and dietary habits can adversely impact our business and financial performance. We offer a large variety of entrees, side
dishes and desserts and our continued success depends, in part, on the popularity of our cuisine and casual style of dining. A
change from this dining style may have an adverse effect on our business. 

Our Success
Depends Substantially on the Value of our Brands and our Reputation for Offering Guests a Satisfactory Experience. 

We believe we have built
a reasonably strong reputation for the predictability of our menu items, as part of the experience that guests enjoy in our restaurants.
We believe we must protect and grow the value of our brands to continue to be successful in the future. Any incident that erodes
consumer trust in or affinity for our brands could be harmful to us. If consumers perceive or experience a reduction in food quality,
service or ambiance, or in any way believe we failed to deliver a consistently positive experience, our brand value could suffer. 

Labor Shortages,
An Increase In Labor Costs, Or Inability To Attract Employees Could Harm Our Business 

Our employees are essential
to our operations and our ability to deliver an enjoyable dining experience to our customers. If we are unable to attract and retain
enough qualified restaurant and/or package liquor store personnel at a reasonable cost, and if they do not deliver an enjoyable
dining experience, our results may be negatively affected. Additionally, competition for qualified employees could require us to
pay higher wages, which could result in higher labor costs. 

21   

      Table of Contents  

Increases
In Employee Minimum Wages By The Federal Or State Government Could Adversely Affect Business 

Certain of our Company
employees are paid wages that relate to federal and state minimum wage rates. Increases in the minimum wage rates, such as annual
cost of living increases in the State of Florida minimum wage, may significantly increase our labor costs. In addition, since our
business is labor-intensive, shortages in the labor pool or other inflationary pressure could increase labor costs, which could
harm our financial performance. 

Due To Our
Geographic Locations, Restaurants Are Subject To Climate Conditions That Could Affect Operations 

All but one (1) of our
restaurants and package liquor stores are located in South Florida, with the remaining restaurant located in Central Florida. During
hurricane season, (June 1 st  through November 30 th  each year), our restaurants and/or package liquor stores
may face harsh weather associated with hurricanes and tropical storms. These harsh weather conditions may make it more difficult
for customers to visit our restaurants and package liquor stores, or may necessitate the closure of the stores and restaurants
for a period of time. If customers are unable to visit our restaurants and/or package liquor stores, our sales and operating results
may be negatively affected. 

If We Were
to Experience Widespread Difficulty Renewing Existing Leases on Favorable Terms, Our Revenue or Occupancy Costs Could be Adversely
Affected. 

Most
of the properties on which we operate restaurants are leased from third parties, and some of our leases are due for renewal or
extension options in the next several years. Some leases are subject to renewal at fair market value, which could involve substantial
increases and a smaller number expire without any renewal option. While we currently expect to pursue the renewal of substantially
all of our expiring restaurant leases, any difficulty renewing a significant number of such leases, or any substantial increase
in rents associated with lease renewals, could adversely impact us. If we have to close any restaurants due to difficulties in
renewing leases, we would lose revenue from the affected restaurants and may not be able to open suitable replacement restaurants.
Substantial increases in rents associated with lease renewals would increase our occupancy costs, reducing our restaurant margins. 

22   

      Table of Contents  

Due To Our
Geographic Locations, We May Not Be Able To Acquire Windstorm Insurance Coverage Or Adequate Windstorm Insurance Coverage At A
Reasonable Rate 

Due to the anticipated
active hurricane seasons in South Florida in the future, we may not be able to acquire windstorm insurance coverage for our restaurant
and package liquor store locations on a year-to-year basis or may not be able to get adequate windstorm insurance coverage at reasonable
rates. If we are unable to obtain windstorm insurance coverage or adequate windstorm insurance coverage at reasonable rates, then
we will be self-insured for all or a part of the exposure for damages caused by a hurricane impacting South Florida, which may
have a material adverse effect upon our financial condition and/or results of operations. 

Inability
To Attract And Retain Customers Could Affect Results Of Operations 

We take pride in our ability
to attract and retain customers, however, if we do not deliver an enjoyable dining experience for our customers, they may not return
and results may be negatively affected. 

Failure To
Comply With Governmental Regulations Could Harm Our Business And Our Reputation. 

We are subject to regulation
by federal agencies and regulation by state and local health, sanitation, building, zoning, safety, fire and other departments
relating to the development and operation of restaurants. These regulations include matters relating to: 

the environment;   

building construction;   

zoning requirements;   

the preparation and sale of food and alcoholic beverages; and   

employment.   

Our facilities are licensed
and subject to regulation under state and local fire, health and safety codes. The construction and remodeling of restaurants will
be subject to compliance with applicable zoning, land use and environmental regulations. We may not be able to obtain necessary
licenses or other approvals on a cost-effective and timely basis in order to construct and develop restaurants in the future. 

Various federal and state
labor laws govern our operations and our relationship with our employees, minimum wage, overtime, working conditions, fringe benefit
and work authorization requirements. In particular, we are subject to federal immigration regulations. Given the location of many
of our restaurants, even if we operate those restaurants in strict compliance with federal immigration requirements, our employees
may not all meet federal work authorization or residency requirements, which could lead to disruptions in our work force. 

Our business can be adversely
affected by negative publicity resulting from, among other things, complaints or litigation alleging poor food quality, food-borne
illness or other health concerns or operating issues stemming from one or a limited number of restaurants. Unfavorable publicity
could negatively impact public perception of our brands. 

23   

      Table of Contents  

We are required to comply
with the alcohol licensing requirements of the federal government, states and municipalities where our restaurants are located.
Alcoholic beverage control regulations require applications to state authorities and, in certain locations, county and municipal
authorities for a license and permit to sell alcoholic beverages. Typically, licenses must be renewed annually and may be revoked
or suspended for cause at any time. Alcoholic beverage control regulations relate to numerous aspects of the daily operations of
the restaurants, including minimum age of guests and employees, hours of operation, advertising, wholesale purchasing, inventory
control and handling and storage and dispensing of alcoholic beverages. If we fail to comply with federal, state or local regulations,
our licenses may be revoked and we may be forced to terminate the sale of alcoholic beverages at one or more of our restaurants. 

The Federal Americans with
Disabilities Act (the  ADA ) prohibits discrimination on the basis of disability in public accommodations and employment.
We are required to comply with the ADA and regulations relating to accommodating the needs of disabled persons in connection with
the construction of new facilities and with significant renovations of existing facilities. 

Failure to comply with
these and other regulations could negatively impact our reputation and could have an adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

We May Face Liability Under Dram Shop Statutes  

Our sale of alcoholic
beverages subjects us to  dram shop  statutes. These statutes allow an injured person to recover damages from an establishment
that served alcoholic beverages to an intoxicated person. If we receive a judgment substantially in excess of our insurance coverage,
or if we fail to maintain our insurance coverage, our business, financial condition, operating results or cash flows could be materially
and adversely affected. We currently have four  dram shop  claims, which we are defending vigorously. See  Item
1. Business Government Regulation  for a discussion of the regulations with which we must comply. 

We May Face Instances Of Food Borne Illness

In years past, several
nationally known restaurants experienced outbreaks of food poisoning believed to be caused by E.coli contained in fresh spinach,
which is not included in any of the items on our menu, Asian and European countries experienced outbreaks of avian flu and incidents
of  mad cow  disease have occurred in Canadian and U.S. cattle herds. These problems, other food-borne illnesses (such
as, hepatitis A, trichinosis or salmonella) and injuries caused by food tampering have in the past, and could in the future, adversely
affect the price and availability of affected ingredients and cause changes in consumer preference. As a result, our sales could
decline. 

24   

      Table of Contents  

Instances of food-borne
illnesses, real or perceived, whether at our restaurants or those of our competitors, could also result in negative publicity about
us or the restaurant industry, which could adversely affect sales. If we react to negative publicity by changing our menu or other
key aspects of the dining experience we offer, we may lose customers who do not accept those changes, and may not be able to attract
enough new customers to produce the revenue needed to make our restaurants profitable. If our guests become ill from food-borne
illnesses, we could be forced to temporarily close some restaurants. A decrease in guest traffic as a result of health concerns
or negative publicity, or as a result of a change in our menu or dining experience or a temporary closure of any of our restaurants,
could materially harm our business. 

If We Are
Unable To Protect Our Customers  Credit Card Data, We Could Be Exposed To Data Loss, Litigation, And Liability, And Our Reputation
Could Be Significantly Harmed. 

In connection with credit
card sales, we transmit confidential credit card information by way of secure private retail networks. Although we use private
networks, third parties may have the technology or know-how to breach the security of the customer information transmitted in connection
with credit card sales, and our security measures and those of our technology vendors may not effectively prohibit others from
obtaining improper access to this information. If a person is able to circumvent these security measures, he or she could destroy
or steal valuable information or disrupt our operations. Any security breach could expose us to risks of data loss, litigation,
and liability, and could seriously disrupt our operations and any resulting negative publicity could significantly harm our reputation. 

The Effect
Of Recent Changes To U.S. Healthcare Laws May Increase Our Healthcare Costs and Negatively Impact Our Financial Results. 

We
offer eligible full-time employees the opportunity to enroll in healthcare coverage subsidized by us. For various reasons, many
of our eligible employees currently choose not to participate in our healthcare plans. However, under the comprehensive U.S. health
care reform law enacted in 2010, the Affordable Care Act, certain provisions, including, the employer mandate, may increase our
labor costs significantly. The law, in certain circumstances, imposes a penalty on individuals who do not obtain healthcare coverage,
which may result in employees who are currently eligible but elect not to participate in our healthcare plans to now find it advantageous
to do so, which may increase our healthcare costs. In general, implementing the requirements of the Affordable Care Act is likely
to impose additional administrative costs on us. The costs and other effects of these new healthcare requirements cannot be determined
with certainty, but they may have a material adverse effect on our financial and operating results. 

Governmental regulation
in one or more of the following areas may adversely affect our existing and future operations and results, including by harming
our ability to open new restaurants or increasing our operating costs. 

25   

      Table of Contents  

Employment and Immigration
Regulations 

 We
are subject to various federal and state laws governing our relationship with and other matters pertaining to our employees, including
wage and hour laws, requirements to provide meal and rest periods or other benefits, family leave mandates, requirements regarding
working conditions and accommodations to certain employees, citizenship or work authorization and related requirements, insurance
and workers  compensation rules and anti-discrimination laws. Complying with these rules subjects us to substantial expense
and can be cumbersome and can also expose us to liabilities from claims for non-compliance. For example, historically, lawsuits
have been filed against us alleging violations of federal and state laws regarding employee wages and payment of overtime. We could
suffer losses from and we incur legal costs to defend, these and similar cases and the amount of such losses or costs could be
significant. In addition, several states and localities in which we operate and the federal government have from time to time enacted
minimum wage increases, paid sick leave and mandatory vacation accruals and similar requirements and these changes could increase
our labor costs. 

 We
also are subject to being audited from time to time for compliance with citizenship or work authorization requirements. Florida
is considering adopting new immigration laws and the U.S. Congress and Department of Homeland Security from time to time consider
or implement changes to Federal immigration laws, regulations or enforcement programs as well. Changes in immigration or work authorization
laws may increase our obligations for compliance and oversight, which could subject us to additional costs and make our hiring
process more cumbersome, or reduce the availability of potential employees. Although we require all workers to provide us with
government-specified documentation evidencing their employment eligibility, some of our employees may, without our knowledge, be
unauthorized workers. We currently participate in the  E-Verify  program, an Internet-based, free program run by the
U.S. government to verify employment eligibility for all employees throughout our company. However, use of E-Verify does not guarantee
that we will properly identify all applicants who are ineligible for employment. Unauthorized workers may subject us to fines or
penalties and we could experience adverse publicity that negatively impacts our brand and may make it more difficult to hire and
keep qualified employees. Termination of a significant number of employees would disrupt our operations including slowing our throughput
and could also cause additional adverse publicity and temporary increases in our labor costs as we train new employees. We could
also become subject to fines, penalties and other costs related to claims that we did not fully comply with all recordkeeping
obligations of federal and state immigration compliance laws. Our reputation and financial performance may be materially harmed
as a result of any of these factors. 

 On
the other hand, in the event we wrongfully reject work authorization documents or if our compliance procedures are found to have
a disparate impact on a protected class, such as a racial minority or based on the citizenship status of applicants, we could be
found to be in violation of anti-discrimination laws. We could experience adverse publicity arising from enforcement activity related
to work authorization compliance, anti-discrimination compliance, or both, that negatively impacts our brand and may make it more
difficult to hire and keep qualified employees. Moreover, our business could be adversely affected by increased labor costs or
difficulties in finding the right employees for our restaurants. 

26   

      Table of Contents  

Additionally,
while we do not currently have any unionized employees, union organizers have engaged in efforts to organize employees of other
restaurant companies. If a significant portion of our employees were to become union organized, our labor costs could increase
and our efforts to maintain a culture appealing only to top performing employees could be impaired. Potential changes in labor
laws, including the possible passage of legislation designed to make it easier for employees to unionize, could increase the likelihood
of some or all of our employees being subjected to greater organized labor influence and could have an adverse effect on our business
and financial results by imposing requirements that could potentially increase our costs, reduce our flexibility and impact our
employee culture. 

 Americans with Disabilities
Act and Similar State Laws 

 We
are subject to the U.S. Americans with Disabilities Act, or ADA, and similar state laws that give civil rights protections to individuals
with disabilities in the context of employment, public accommodations and other areas. We have incurred legal fees in connection
with ADA-related complaints in the past and we may in the future have to modify restaurants, for example by adding access ramps
or redesigning certain architectural features, to provide service to or make reasonable accommodations for disabled persons under
these laws. The expenses associated with these modifications or any damages, legal fees and costs associated with litigating or
resolving claims under the ADA or similar state laws, could be material. 

 Nutrition and Food Regulation 

 In
recent years there has been an increased legislative, regulatory and consumer focus at the federal, state and municipal levels
on the food industry including nutrition and advertising practices. Restaurants operating in the quick-service and fast-casual
segments have been a particular focus. For example, the State of California, New York City and a number of other jurisdictions
around the U.S. have adopted regulations requiring that chain restaurants include calorie information on their menus and/or make
other nutritional information available and nation-wide nutrition disclosure requirements included in the U.S. health care reform
law went into effect as of December 1, 2015. These nutrition disclosure requirements may increase our expenses or slow customers
as they select their food and beverage choices decreasing our throughput. These initiatives may also change customer buying habits
in a way that adversely impacts our sales. 

Privacy/Cybersecurity 

 We
are required to collect and maintain personal information about our employees and we collect information about customers as part
of some of our marketing programs as well. The collection and use of such information is regulated at the federal and state levels
and the regulatory environment related to information security and privacy is increasingly demanding. If our security and information
systems are compromised or if we otherwise fail to comply with these laws and regulations, we could face litigation and the imposition
of penalties that could adversely affect our financial performance. Our reputation as a brand or as an employer could also be adversely
affected from these types of security breaches or regulatory violations, which could impair our sales or ability to attract and
keep qualified employees. 

27   

      Table of Contents  

Local Licensure, Zoning
and Other Regulation 

 Each
of our restaurants is also subject to state and local licensing and regulation by health, alcoholic beverage, sanitation, food
and workplace safety and other agencies. We may experience material difficulties or failures in obtaining the necessary licenses
or approvals for new restaurants, which could delay planned restaurant openings. In addition, stringent and varied requirements
of local regulators with respect to zoning, land use and environmental factors could delay or prevent development of new restaurants
in particular locations. 

 Environmental Laws 

 We
are subject to federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations concerning the discharge, storage, handling, release
and disposal of hazardous or toxic substances, as well as local ordinances relating to our operations. We have not conducted a
comprehensive environmental review of our properties or operations. We cannot predict what environmental laws will be enacted in
the future, how existing or future environmental laws will be administered or interpreted, or the amount of future expenditures
that we may need to make to comply with or to satisfy claims relating to environmental laws. 

We could be party to litigation
that could adversely affect us by distracting management, increasing our expenses or subjecting us to material money damages and
other remedies. 

We could become subject
to numerous claims alleging violations of federal and state laws regarding workplace and employment matters, including wages, work
hours, overtime, vacation and family leave, discrimination, wrongful termination and similar matters, and we could become subject
to class action or other lawsuits related to these or different matters. Our customers could file complaints or lawsuits against
us alleging that we are responsible for some illness or injury they suffered at or after a visit to our restaurants or that we
have problems with food quality, operations or our food related disclosure or advertising practices. The restaurant industry has
been subject to a growing number of claims based on the nutritional content of food products sold and disclosure and advertising
practices. 

Regardless of whether any
claims against us are valid or whether we are ultimately held liable for such claims, they may be expensive to defend and may divert
time and money away from our operations and hurt our performance. A significant judgment for any claims against us could materially
and adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations. Any adverse publicity resulting from these allegations,
whether directed at us or at fast casual or quick-service restaurants generally, may also materially and adversely affect our reputation
or prospects, which in turn could adversely affect our results.  

Our Success May
Depend on the Continued Service and Availability of Key Personnel.  

Our Chairman
and Chief Executive Officer and President, James Flanigan has been the principal architect of our business strategy since 2002.
August Bucci and Jeffrey Kastner, our Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer, respectively, have also served with
us since 2002 in the case of Mr. Bucci and since 1985 in the case of Mr. Kastner, and much of our growth has occurred under their
direction as well. We believe our executive officers have created an employee culture, food culture and business strategy at our
company that has been critical to our success and that may be difficult to replicate under another management team. We also believe
that it may be difficult to locate and retain executive officers who are able to grasp and implement our unique strategic vision.
If our company culture were to deteriorate following a change in leadership, or if a new management team were to be unsuccessful
in executing our strategy or were to change important elements of our current strategy, our growth prospects or future operating
results may be adversely impacted. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments  

As a Smaller Reporting
Company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K, we are electing scaled disclosure
reporting obligations and therefore are not required to provide the information requested by this Item 1B. 

28   

      Table of Contents  

Item 2. Properties  

Our operations are conducted
primarily on leased property with the exception of: 

(i) a 10,000 square foot
stand-alone building located in Fort Lauderdale, Florida that we purchased in December, 1999, which since April, 2001 has housed
our corporate headquarters; 

(ii) a 4,600 square foot
stand-alone building located in Hallandale, Florida that we purchased in July, 2006 and which since September, 1968 has housed
our Hallandale, Florida Company-owned combination restaurant and package liquor store (Store #31); 

(iii) a 4,120 square foot
stand-alone building in Hollywood, Florida we constructed in November, 2003, upon real property we acquired in September, 2001
pursuant to a 25 year ground lease interest, (a portion of this building is leased to an unaffiliated third party), and which since
November, 2003 has housed our Hollywood, Florida Company-owned package liquor store (Store #4); 

(iv) a 4,500 square foot
stand-alone building located in Hollywood, Florida that we purchased in October, 2009 and which since March, 1972 has housed our
Hollywood, Florida Company-owned combination restaurant and package liquor store (Store #19) and the vacant parcel of real property
adjacent thereto which we purchased in February, 2015; 

(v) a 4,600 square foot
stand-alone building located in Fort Lauderdale, Florida that we purchased in August, 2010 and which since December, 1968 has housed
our Fort Lauderdale, Florida Company-owned restaurant (Store #22); 

(vi) a 5,100 square foot
stand-alone building in North Miami, Florida that we purchased in November, 2010 and which since July, 1968 has housed our North
Miami, Florida Company-owned combination restaurant and package store (Store #20) and the two parcels of real property adjacent
thereto which we purchased in December, 2012, one of which is contiguous to the real property and which we previously leased for
non-exclusive parking; 

(vii) a 23,678 square
foot two building shopping center in Miami, Florida that we purchased in November, 2011; one building, approximately 18,828
square feet, is leased to twelve unaffiliated third parties and the second stand-alone building, approximately 4,850 square
feet, has housed our Kendall, Florida based restaurant since  April 4, 2000, which is owned by our affiliated limited
partnership (Store #70); 

(viii) a 6,400 square foot
building in Fort Lauderdale, Florida that we purchased in February, 2014, 4,000 square feet of which has been leased to a related
franchisee (Store #15) since April 1, 1997 and the balance (2,400 square feet) of which we use as storage; and 

(ix)       
a 6,000 square foot stand-alone building in Fort Lauderdale, Florida and the vacant real property diagonally adjacent that we purchased
in October, 2015, which we use as office and warehouse space, covered parking for our food truck and as a storage yard. 

29   

      Table of Contents  

All of our units require
periodic refurbishing in order to remain competitive. We have budgeted $900,000 for our refurbishing program for fiscal year 2017.
See Item 7,  Liquidity and Capital Resources  for discussion of the amounts spent in fiscal year 2016. 

The following table summarizes
information related to the properties upon which our operations are conducted: 

30   

      Table of Contents  

31   

      Table of Contents  

32   

      Table of Contents  

(1)  Franchised by Company.   

33   

      Table of Contents  

(2)  Lease assigned to franchisee.   

(3)  In 1974, we sold and assigned the underlying ground lease to unaffiliated third parties and simultaneously
subleased it back. As of October 1, 2016, we have purchased from the unaffiliated third parties and own 52% of the underlying ground
lease and our sublease agreement. As a result, we pay all rent due under the ground lease, but only 48% of the rent due under the
sublease agreement.   

(4)  Location managed by an unaffiliated third party.   

(5)  Effective December 1, 1998, we purchased the Management Agreement to operate the franchised restaurant
for the franchisee.   

(6)  Ground lease executed by us on September 25, 2001. We constructed a 4,120 square foot building,
of which 1,978 square feet is used by us for the operation of a package liquor store and the other 2,142 square feet is subleased
to an unaffiliated third party as retail space. The package liquor store opened for business on November 17, 2003.   

(7)  During the third quarter of our fiscal year 2006, our lease for this location expired. The unaffiliated
third party entered into a new lease for the business premises effective May 1, 2006 and as of that date, we no longer have responsibility
to pay any amounts under the lease.   

(8)  During the first quarter of our fiscal year 2012, our wholly owned subsidiary, Flanigan s
Calusa Center, LLC, closed on the purchase of the two building shopping center in Miami, Florida, which consists of one building
which is leased to twelve unaffiliated third parties and a second stand-alone building where our limited partnership owned restaurant
located at 12790 SW 88 th  Street, Miami, Florida, (Store #70), operates.   

(9)  During the second quarter of our fiscal year 2014, we closed on the purchase of the building in
Fort Lauderdale, Florida, which is leased to our franchisee owned restaurant located at 1479 E. Commercial Boulevard, Fort Lauderdale,
Florida, (Store #15).   

(10)  During the fourth quarter of our fiscal year 2015, our lease for this location expired. We extended
the term of the lease for five (5) years, with one (1) five (5) year renewal option.   

(11)  During the third quarter of our fiscal year 2016, our lease for this location expired. We extended
the term of the lease for five (5) years, with two (2) five (5) year renewal options.   

Recent Purchase of Real Property   

Oakland Park, Florida   

During
the first quarter of our fiscal year 2016, we purchased from an unaffiliated third party the two (2) parcels of real property and
improvements located at 1290 East Commercial Boulevard, Oakland Park, Broward County, Florida and 4990 N.E. 12 th  Avenue,
Oakland Park, Broward County, Florida for a purchase price of $922,500, cash at closing. We use the 6,000 square foot building
located on the property as office and warehouse space, including but not limited to storage of generators and covered parking for
our food truck. 

Davie/Hollywood, Florida   

During the second quarter
of our fiscal year 2015, we acquired for $1.5 million cash at closing, vacant real property (the  Property ), which
is contiguous to the real property we own where our combination package liquor store and restaurant located at 2505 N. University
Drive, Hollywood, Florida, (Store #19) operates. We plan to (i) construct a building on the Property into which we will re-locate
the existing (Store #19) package liquor store; and (ii) renovate and expand our (Store #19) restaurant into the former package
liquor store space. The Property will also provide for a larger parking lot to be used by our customers. 

34   

      Table of Contents  

Recent Extension of Existing Leases for
Existing Locations  

Stuart, Florida   

During the third quarter
of our fiscal year 2016, we extended our lease for the restaurant we own located at 950 S. Federal Highway, Stuart, Florida (Store
#75) for a period of five (5) years through April 30, 2021, with two (2) five (5) year renewal options, under the same terms and
conditions. 

Hialeah, Florida   

During the fourth quarter
of our fiscal year 2015, we extended our lease for the package liquor store we own located at 1550 W. 84th Street, Hialeah, Florida
(Store #7) for a period of five (5) years through October 31, 2020, with one (1) five (5) year renewal option, under the same terms
and conditions except for fixed rental increases at the start of the lease extension and the renewal option, if exercised by the
Company. 

North Lauderdale, Florida   

During the first quarter
of our fiscal year 2015, we (i) exercised the final five (5) year renewal option to extend the term of our lease for the combination
package liquor store and restaurant we own located at 5450 N. State Road 7, N. Lauderdale, Florida (Store #40) through December
31, 2020 under the existing terms and conditions and (ii) were granted an option to purchase the real property and improvements
to be exercised on or before December 31, 2020 for a purchase price of $1,200,000, cash at closing. 

Subsequent Events  

Subsequent events have been evaluated
through the date these condensed consolidated financial statements were issued and no events required disclosure. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings.  

35   

      Table of Contents  

From
time to time, we are a defendant in litigation arising in the ordinary course of our business, including claims resulting from
 slip and fall  accidents, claims under federal and state laws governing access to public accommodations, employment-related
claims and claims from guests alleging illness, injury or other food quality, health or operational concerns. To date, none of
this litigation, some of which is covered by insurance, has had a material effect on us. 

  Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures.  

 Not applicable. 

 PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant's
Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Our common stock is traded
on the NYSE MKT under the symbol  BDL . The following table sets forth the high and low sales prices of a share of
our common stock for the periods specified as reported by the NYSE MKT: 

Holders  

As of the close of business
on December 22, 2016, there were approximately  258 holders of record of our common stock. 

Dividend Policy  

During our fiscal year
2016, our Board declared a cash dividend of 18 cents per share which was paid on April 1, 2016 to shareholders of record on March
18, 2016. During our fiscal year 2015, our Board declared a cash dividend of 15 cents per share which was paid on January 30,
2015 to shareholders of record on January 16, 2015. Any future determination to pay cash dividends will be at our Board s
discretion and will depend upon our financial condition, operating results, capital requirements and such other factors as our
Board deems relevant. 

36   

      Table of Contents  

Issuer Repurchases of Equity Securities  

Pursuant to a
discretionary plan approved by the Board of Directors at its meeting on May 17, 2007, the Board of Directors authorized
management to purchase up to 100,000 shares of our common stock, at a purchase price up to $15.00 per share. Since the
Board s 2007 authorization, we have purchased an aggregate of 34,586 shares, none of which were purchased by us in our
fiscal year 2016. As of October 1, 2016, we still have authority to purchase 65,414 shares of our common stock under the
discretionary plan approved by the Board of Directors. 

Item 6. Selected Financial Data  

As a Smaller Reporting
Company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K, we are electing scaled
disclosure reporting obligations and therefore are not required to provide the information requested by this Item 6. 

Item 7. Management's
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

Except for the historical
information contained herein, the following discussion contains forward-looking statements that are subject to known and unknown
risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by
such forward-looking statements. We discuss such risks, uncertainties and other factors throughout this report and specifically
under the captions  Risk Factors . In addition, the following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction
with the 2016 Consolidated Financial Statements and the related Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in
this report. 

Overview  

Financial Information Concerning Industry Segments  

Our business is conducted principally in
two segments: the restaurant segment and the package liquor store segment. Financial information broken into these two principal
industry segments for the two fiscal years ended October 1, 2016 and October 3, 2015 is set forth in the consolidated financial
statements which are attached hereto. 

General  

At October 1, 2016, we
(i) operated 25 units, (excluding the adult entertainment club referenced in (ii) below), consisting of restaurants, package liquor
stores and combination restaurants/package liquor stores that we either own or have operational control over and partial ownership
in; (ii) own but do not operate one adult entertainment club; and (iii) franchise an additional five units, consisting of two restaurants,
(one of which we operate), and three combination restaurants/package liquor stores. 

37   

      Table of Contents  

Franchised Units .
In exchange for our providing management and related services to our franchisees and granting them the right to use our service
marks  Flanigan's Seafood Bar and Grill  and  Big Daddy's Liquors , our franchisees (four of which are franchised
to members of the family of our Chairman of the Board, officers and/or directors), are required to (i) pay to us a royalty equal
to 1% of gross package liquor sales and 3% of gross restaurant sales; and (ii) make advertising expenditures equal to between 1.5%
to 3% of all gross sales based upon our actual advertising costs allocated between stores, pro-rata, based upon gross sales. 

Affiliated Limited Partnership
Owned Units . We manage and control the operations of the eight restaurants owned by limited partnerships, except the Fort Lauderdale,
Florida restaurant which is managed and controlled by a related franchisee. Accordingly, the results of operations of all limited
partnership owned restaurants, except the Fort Lauderdale, Florida restaurant are consolidated with our results of operations for
accounting purposes. The results of operations of the Fort Lauderdale, Florida restaurant are accounted for by us utilizing the
equity method. 

Results of Operations  

THE
FISCAL YEAR ENDING OCTOBER 1, 2016 WAS A FIFTY TWO WEEK FISCAL YEAR WHILE THE FISCAL YEAR ENDING OCTOBER 3, 2015 WAS A FIFTY THREE
WEEK FISCAL YEAR. THE EXTRA WEEK IN THE FISCAL YEAR 2015 CONTRIBUTED TO INCREASES IN REVENUES AND EXPENSES FOR THE FISCAL YEAR
AS COMPARED TO REVENUES AND EXPENSES FOR THE FISCAL YEAR 2016, WITH THE EXCEPTION OF THE WEEKLY AVERAGE OF SAME STORE SALES. 

38   

      Table of Contents  

Comparison of Fiscal Years Ended October 1, 2016
and October 3, 2015  

Revenues.  
Total revenue for our fiscal year 2016 increased $4,497,000 or 4.54% to $103,618,000 from $99,121,000 for our fiscal
year 2015 due primarily to increased menu prices and to a lesser extent increased restaurant traffic.   Total revenue for our
fiscal year 2016 increased notwithstanding the extra week during our fiscal year 2015. Effective February 7, 2016 we
increased certain menu prices for our bar offerings to target an increase to our total bar revenues of approximately 3.0%
annually and effective February 15, 2016 we increased certain menu prices for our food offerings to target an increase to our
total food revenues of approximately 3.7% annually, (the  Price Increases ). 

Restaurant
Food Sales   .  Restaurant revenue generated from the sale of food, including non-alcoholic beverages, at
restaurants totaled $64,954,000 for our fiscal year 2016 as compared to $62,347,000 for our fiscal year 2015. The increase in
restaurant revenue from the sale of food at restaurants for our fiscal year 2016 as compared to our fiscal year 2015 is
primarily due to the Price Increases and to a lesser extent increased restaurant traffic.   Restaurant food sales during our
fiscal year 2016 increased notwithstanding the extra week during our fiscal year 2015. Comparable weekly restaurant food
sales (for restaurants open for all of our fiscal years 2016 and 2015, which consists of nine restaurants owned by us and
eight restaurants owned by affiliated limited partnerships) was $1,249,000 and $1,176,000 for our fiscal years 2016 and
2015, respectively, an increase of 6.21%. Comparable weekly restaurant food sales for Company owned restaurants only was
$659,000 and $613,000 for our fiscal years 2016 and 2015, respectively, an increase of 7.50%. Comparable weekly restaurant
food sales for affiliated limited partnership owned restaurants only was $590,000 and $563,000 for our fiscal years 2016 and
2015, respectively, an increase of 4.80%. 

   Restaurant
Bar Sales   .  Restaurant revenue generated from the sale of alcoholic beverages at restaurants totaled
$20,492,000 for our fiscal year 2016 as compared to $19,155,000 for our fiscal year 2015. The increase in restaurant revenue
from the sale of alcoholic beverages at restaurants for our fiscal year 2016 as compared to our fiscal year 2015 is primarily
due to the Price Increases and to a lesser extent increased restaurant traffic.   Restaurant bar sales during our fiscal year
2016 increased notwithstanding the extra week during our fiscal year 2015. Comparable weekly restaurant bar sales (for
restaurants open for all of our fiscal years 2016 and 2015, which consists of nine restaurants owned by us and eight
restaurants owned by affiliated limited partnerships) was $394,000 and $361,000 for our fiscal years 2016 and 2015,
respectively, an increase of 9.14%. Comparable weekly restaurant bar sales for Company owned restaurants only was $186,000
and $168,000 for our fiscal years 2016 and 2015, respectively, an increase of 10.71%. Comparable weekly restaurant bar sales
for affiliated limited partnership owned restaurants only was $208,000 and $193,000 for our fiscal years 2016 and 2015,
respectively, an increase of 7.77%. 

39   

      Table of Contents  

Package
Liquor Store Sales  . Revenue generated from sales of liquor and related items at package liquor stores totaled
$15,661,000 for our fiscal year 2016 as compared to $15,166,000 for our fiscal year 2015, an increase of $495,000 or 3.26%.
This increase was primarily due to increased package liquor store traffic. Revenue from our package liquor stores during our
fiscal year 2016 increased notwithstanding the extra week during our fiscal year 2015. The weekly average of same store
package liquor store sales, which includes all nine (9) Company owned package liquor stores, was $301,000 and $286,000 for
our fiscal years 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

   Operating
Costs and Expenses  . Operating costs and expenses, (consisting of cost of merchandise sold, payroll and related costs,
occupancy costs and selling, general and administrative expenses), for our fiscal year 2016 increased $5,097,000 or 5.56% to
$96,817,000 from $91,720,000 for our fiscal year 2015. The increase was primarily due to an expected general increase in food
costs, offset by actions taken by management to reduce and/or control costs and expenses. Operating costs and expenses during
our fiscal year 2016 increased notwithstanding the extra week during our fiscal year 2015. We anticipate that our operating
costs and expenses will increase through our fiscal year 2017 due to an expected general increase in food costs. Operating
costs and expenses increased as a percentage of total sales to approximately 93.43% in our fiscal year 2016 from 92.53% in
our fiscal year 2015. 

Gross Profit  .
Gross profit is calculated by subtracting the cost of merchandise sold from sales. 

Restaurant
Food and Bar Sales  . Gross profit for food and bar sales for our fiscal year 2016 increased to $55,676,000 from $52,480,000
for our fiscal year 2015. Our gross profit margin for restaurant food and bar sales (calculated as gross profit reflected as a
percentage of restaurant food and bar sales), was 65.16% for our fiscal year 2016 and 64.39% for our fiscal year 2015. We anticipate
that our gross profit for restaurant food and bar sales will decrease during our fiscal year 2017 due to higher food costs. 

   Package Liquor
Store Sales  . Gross profit for package liquor store sales for our fiscal year 2016 increased to $4,454,000 from $4,406,000
for our fiscal year 2015. Our gross profit margin (calculated as gross profit reflected as a percentage of package liquor store
sales) for package liquor store sales was 28.44% for our fiscal year 2016 and 29.05% for our fiscal year 2015. We anticipate that
our gross profit margin for package liquor store sales will remain stable during our fiscal year 2017. 

40   

      Table of Contents  

Payroll
and Related Costs  . Payroll and related costs for our fiscal year 2016 increased $1,929,000 or 6.39% to $32,102,000
from $30,173,000 for our fiscal year 2015 due partially to payroll and related costs associated with higher restaurant sales
which require additional payroll and related costs for employees such as cooks and bartenders. Payroll and related costs
during our fiscal year 2016 increased notwithstanding the extra week during our fiscal year 2015. Payroll and related costs
as a percentage of total sales was 30.98% for our fiscal year 2016 as compared to 30.44% for our fiscal year 2015. 

Occupancy Costs  .
Occupancy costs (consisting of rent, common area maintenance, repairs, real property taxes and amortization of leasehold interests)
for our fiscal year 2016 increased $452,000 or 9.11% to $5,413,000 from $4,961,000 for our fiscal year 2015. We anticipate that
our occupancy costs will remain stable throughout our fiscal year 2017. 

Selling,
General and Administrative Expenses  . Selling, general and administrative expenses (consisting of general
corporate expenses, including but not limited to advertising, insurance, professional costs, clerical and administrative
overhead) for our fiscal year 2016 increased $1,521,000 or 9.05% to $18,325,000 from $16,804,000 for our fiscal year 2015.
Selling, general and administrative expenses increased during our fiscal year 2016 notwithstanding the extra week during our
fiscal year 2015. Selling, general and administrative expenses increased as a percentage of total sales in our fiscal year
2016 to 17.69% as compared to 16.95% in our fiscal year 2015. We anticipate that our selling, general and administrative
expenses will increase throughout our fiscal year 2017 due primarily to increases across all categories. 

Depreciation
and Amortization.   Depreciation and amortization for our fiscal year 2016, which is included in selling, general and administrative
expenses, increased $12,000 or 0.45% to $2,685,000 from $2,673,000 for our fiscal year 2015. As a percentage of revenue, depreciation
and amortization expense was 2.59% of revenue for our fiscal year 2016 and 2.70% of revenue for our fiscal year 2015. 

Interest Expense,
Net  . Interest expense for our fiscal year 2016 decreased $53,000 to $557,000 from $610,000 for our fiscal year 2015. 

Net Income.  
Net income for our fiscal year 2016 decreased $270,000 or 5.16% to $4,969,000 from $5,239,000 for our fiscal year 2015. Net income
for our fiscal year 2016 decreased when compared to our fiscal year 2015 primarily due to (i) increased food costs and overall
expenses, (ii) a write off of $201,000 as the un-depreciated value of a small residence adjacent to the parking lot where our combination
package liquor store and restaurant located at 4 N. Federal Highway, Hallandale Beach, Florida (Store #31) operates that was demolished
during the fourth quarter of our fiscal year 2016 and (iii) the extra week during our fiscal year 2015, offset by higher revenue
and the Price Increases. As a percentage of sales, net income for our fiscal year 2016 is 4.80%, as compared to 5.29% for our fiscal
year 2015. 

Net Income Attributable
to Stockholders.   Net income attributable to stockholders for our fiscal year 2016 decreased $421,000 or 12.16% to $3,040,000
from $3,461,000 for our fiscal year 2015. Net income attributable to stockholders for our fiscal year 2016 decreased when compared
to our fiscal year 2015 primarily due to (i) increased food costs and overall expenses, (ii) a write off of $201,000 as the un-depreciated
value of a small residence adjacent to the parking lot where our combination package liquor store and restaurant located at 4 N.
Federal Highway, Hallandale Beach, Florida (Store #31) operates that was demolished during the fourth quarter of our fiscal year
2016 and (iii) the extra week during our fiscal year 2015, offset by higher revenue and the Price Increases. As a percentage of
sales, net income for our fiscal year 2016 is 2.93%, as compared to 3.49% for our fiscal year 2015. 

41   

      Table of Contents  

New Limited Partnership Restaurants 

As new restaurants open,
our income from operations will be adversely affected due to our obligation to fund pre-opening costs, including but not limited
to pre-opening rent for the new locations. During our fiscal year 2016, we did not have a new restaurant location in the development
stage and did not recognize any pre-opening costs. 

Menu Price Increases and Trends   

Effective February 7, 2016
we increased menu prices for our bar offerings to target an increase to our bar revenues of approximately 3.0% annually and effective
February 15, 2016 we increased menu prices for our food offerings to target an increase to our food revenues of approximately 3.7%
annually to offset higher food costs and higher overall expenses. The last time we increased menu prices was in the third quarter
of our fiscal year 2012 and we plan to limit further menu price increases as long as possible. During the next twelve months, we
expect that restaurant and bar sales should increase as a result of increased menu prices, but gross profit for restaurant food
and bar operations will decrease due to higher food costs. We anticipate that our package liquor store sales and gross profit margin
for package liquor store sales will remain stable during our fiscal year 2017. We also plan to continue our increased advertising
to attract and retain our customers against increased competition. 

We do not have a
new  Flanigan s Seafood Bar and Grill  restaurant in the development stage, but continue to search for
new locations to open restaurants and thereby expand our business. Although we have no agreements, agreements in principle
or understandings to do so, we are considering expanding  The Whale s Rib  restaurant concept that we
manage in Deerfield Beach, Florida  through the opening of a new restaurant in  Miami, Florida. While we have the authority
to open new restaurant locations using  The Whale s Rib  concept, including trademark, through a license
arrangement with the owner, if we open new Whale s Rib locations we will probably use our limited partnership ownership model. 

We are not actively searching
for locations for the operation of new package liquor stores, but if an appropriate location for a package liquor store becomes
available, we will consider it. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

We fund our operations
through cash from operations. As of October 1, 2016, we had cash of approximately $10,174,000, an increase of $907,000 from our
cash balance of $9,267,000 as of October 3, 2015. During our fiscal year 2016, we paid on April 1, 2016 a dividend of $.18 per
share and we used $922,500 to purchase the real property and improvements located at 1290 East Commercial Boulevard, Oakland Park,
Broward County, Florida and the vacant real property located at 4990 N.E. 12 th  Avenue, Oakland Park, Broward County,
Florida. We believe that our current cash availability from our cash on hand and expected cash from operations will be sufficient
to fund operations and capital expenditures for at least the next twelve months. 

42   

      Table of Contents  

Cash Flows  

During our fiscal year
2016, our Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of 18 cents per share which was paid on April 1, 2016 to shareholders of
record on March 18, 2016. During our fiscal year 2015, our Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of 15 cents per share which
was paid on January 31, 2015 to shareholders of record on January 16, 2015. Any future determination to pay cash dividends will
be at our Board s discretion and will depend upon our financial condition, operating results, capital requirements and such
other factors as our Board deems relevant. There can be no assurances that any future dividends will be paid. 

Capital Expenditures  

In addition to
using cash for our operating expenses, we use cash to fund the development and construction of new restaurants and to fund
capitalized property improvements for our existing restaurants. We acquired property and equipment of $3,402,000, (including
$328,000 of deposits recorded in other assets as of October 3, 2015), during our fiscal year 2016, including $242,000 for
renovations to  one (1) existing Company owned restaurant and  one (1) existing limited partnership owned restaurant. We
acquired property and equipment of $4,128,000, (including $35,000 of which was from the non-cash purchase of a vehicle and
$131,000 of deposits recorded in other assets as of September 27, 2014), during our fiscal year 2015, including $466,000 for
renovations to four (4) existing Company owned restaurants and one (1) existing limited partnership owned restaurant. We
anticipate the cost of this refurbishment in our fiscal year 2017 will be approximately $900,000, which funds will be
provided from operations. 

43   

      Table of Contents  

Debt  

As of October 1, 2016,
the end of our fiscal year 2016, we had debt of $10,255,000, as compared to $11,380,000 as of the end of our fiscal year 2015.
As of October 1, 2016, we are in compliance with the covenants of all loans with our lender. 

We repaid long term debt,
including auto loans, financed insurance premiums and mortgages in the amount of $2,039,000 and $3,189,000 in our fiscal years
2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Financed Insurance Premiums   

During our fiscal year
2016, we financed the following three (3) property and general liability insurance policies, totaling approximately $1.17 million,
which property and general liability insurance includes coverage for our franchises of approximately $256,000 of the amount financed,
which are not included in our consolidated financial statements: 

(i)       For
the policy year beginning December 30, 2015, our general liability insurance, excluding limited partnerships, is a one (1)
year policy with our insurance carriers, including automobile and excess liability coverage. We are in discussions to secure
general liability insurance, including automobile and excess liability coverage for the period commencing after the
expiration of the current policy. The one (1) year general liability insurance premiums, including automobile and excess
liability coverage, total, in the aggregate $470,000, of which $377,000 is financed through an unaffiliated third party
lender (the  Third Party Lender ). The finance agreement obligates us to repay the amounts financed together
with interest at the rate of 2.95% per annum, over 10 months, with monthly payments of principal and interest, each in the
amount of $38,000. The finance agreement is secured by a security interest in all insurance policies, all unearned
premium, return premium, dividend payments and loss payments thereof. 

(ii)
       For the policy year beginning December 30, 2015, our general liability
insurance for our limited partnerships is a one (1) year policy with our insurance carriers, including excess liability
coverage. We are in discussions to secure general liability insurance, including  excess liability coverage for the
period commencing after the expiration of the current policy. The one (1) year general liability insurance premiums, including
excess liability coverage, total, in the aggregate $480,000, of which $385,000 is financed through the Third Party Lender.
The finance agreement obligates us to repay the amounts financed, together with interest at the rate of 2.95% per annum, over
10 months, with monthly payments of principal and interest, each in the amount of $39,000. The finance agreement is secured
by a security agreement in all insurance policies, all unearned premium, return premium, dividend payments and loss
payments thereof. 

44   

      Table of Contents  

(iii)       For
the policy year beginning December 30, 2015, our property insurance is a one (1) year policy. We are in discussions to secure
property insurance for the period commencing after the expiration of the current policy. The one (1) year property insurance
premium is in the amount of $504,000, of which $404,000 is financed through the Third Party Lender. The finance agreement
provides that we are obligated to repay the amounts financed, together with interest at the rate of 2.95% per annum, over 10
months, with monthly payments of principal and interest, each in the amount of approximately $41,000. The finance agreement
is secured by a security interest in all insurance policies, all unearned premium, return premium, dividend payments and
loss payments thereof. 

As of October 1, 2016,
the aggregate principal balance owed from the financing of our property and general liability insurance policies is $186,000. 

Purchase Commitments   

In order to fix the cost
and ensure adequate supply of baby back ribs for our restaurants, on November 5, 2016, we entered into a purchase agreement with
our current rib supplier, whereby we agreed to purchase approximately $5,779,000 of baby back ribs during calendar year 2017 from
this vendor at a fixed cost. 

While we anticipate purchasing
all of our rib supply from this vendor, we believe there are several other alternative vendors available, if needed. 

Purchase of Limited Partnership Interests  

During our fiscal year
2016, we purchased from one limited partner (who is not an officer, director or family member of officers or directors) limited
partnership interests of 0.85% and 0.26% in limited partnerships which each own a restaurant, for an aggregate purchase price of
$9,800. During our fiscal year 2015, we did not purchase any limited partnership interests. 

Working capital  

The table below summarizes our current assets,
current liabilities and working capital as of the end of our fiscal years 2016 and 2015: 

Our working capital increased
by 26.3% as of October 1, 2016 from our working capital as of October 3, 2015. During our fiscal year 2016, we used $922,500 to
purchase the real property and improvements located at 1290 East Commercial Boulevard, Oakland Park, Broward County, Florida and
the vacant real property located at 4990 N.E. 12 th  Avenue, Oakland Park, Broward County, Florida. During our fiscal
year 2015, we used $1,500,000 to fund the purchase price on our acquisition of the vacant real property adjacent to the real property
we own where our combination package liquor store and restaurant located at 2505 N. University Drive, Hollywood, Florida (Store
#19) operates. 

45   

      Table of Contents  

During our fiscal year
2017, we intend to use working capital to build a new building on a parcel of real property we own which is near the real property
where our combination package liquor store and restaurant located at 13205 Biscayne Boulevard, North Miami, Florida, (Store #20)
operates. Our intent is to re-locate our package liquor store to the new building and to renovate and expand the restaurant into
the former package liquor store space. We estimate that the renovation and relocation, including the de-novo development of the
new building will cost approximately $2,500,000, of which we intend to finance a part. There can be no assurances as to the timing
of the renovation, relocation or de-novo development or whether we will pursue it at all, due to among other reasons, the availability
of reasonable financing terms or adverse business results. 

While there can be no assurance
due to, among other things, unanticipated expenses or unanticipated decline in revenues, or both, we believe that positive cash
flow from operations will adequately fund operations, debt reductions and planned capital expenditures throughout our fiscal year
2017. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

We do not have off-balance
sheet arrangements. 

Effect of Newly Issued but not yet Effective Accounting Standards  

In
August 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued ASU 2016-15  Classification of
Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments .  This ASU addresses how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented
and classified in the statement of cash flows under Topic 230,  Statement of Cash Flows , and other Topics. ASU
2016-15 is effective for annual reporting periods, and interim periods therein, beginning after December 15, 2017. We do not
expect the adoption of this guidance to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.  

In
February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842), which supersedes all existing guidance on accounting for leases
in ASC Topic 840.  ASU 2016-02 is intended to provide enhanced transparency and comparability by requiring lessees to
record right-of-use assets and corresponding lease liabilities on the balance sheet.  ASU 2016-02 will continue to classify
leases as either finance or operating, with classification affecting the pattern of expense recognition in the statement of income.  ASU
2016-02 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years.  Early
adoption is permitted.  ASU 2016-02 requires a modified retrospective approach for all leases existing at, or entered
into after the date of initial adoption, with an option to elect to use certain transition relief.    We
are currently assessing the adoption date and the potential impact of adopting ASU 2016-02 on our financial statements and related
disclosures.   

In
November 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-17,  Income Taxes (Topic 740): Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes .
ASU 2015-17 requires that all deferred tax liabilities and tax assets be classified as non-current in a classified balance sheet,
rather than separating such deferred taxes into current and non-current amounts, as is required under current guidance. ASU
2015-17 is effective for fiscal years, and for interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2016 and may be
applied either prospectively or retrospectively. We are currently assessing the adoption date and the potential impact of adopting
ASU 2015-17 on our financial statements and related disclosures.  

In April 2015, the
FASB issued ASU 2015-03,  Interest Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30): Simplifying the Presentation of Debt
Issuance Costs.  ASU 2015-03 provides authoritative guidance related to the presentation of debt issuance costs on the
balance sheet, requiring companies to present debt issuance costs as a direct deduction from the carrying value of debt. The
amendments in this update are effective for public business entities in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, and
interim periods within those fiscal years. The new guidance must be applied retrospectively to each prior period presented.
We do not expect the adoption of this guidance to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 

In February
2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-02,   Consolidation: Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis   to modify the
analysis that companies must perform in order to determine whether a legal entity should be consolidated. ASU 2015-02
simplifies current guidance by reducing the number of consolidation models; eliminating the risk that a reporting entity may
have to consolidate based on a fee arrangement with another legal entity; placing more weight on the risk of loss in order to
identify the party that has a controlling financial interest; reducing the number of instances that related party guidance
needs to be applied when determining the party that has a controlling financial interest; and changing rules for companies in
certain industries that ordinarily employ limited partnership or variable interest entity structures. ASU 2015-02 is
effective for public companies for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015 and interim periods within those fiscal
periods. Early adoption on a modified retrospective or full retrospective basis is permitted. We do not expect the adoption
of this guidance to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 

In
May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2014-09,  Revenue
from Contracts with Customers,  (ASU 2014-09), which requires an entity to recognize the amount of revenue to which it expects
to be entitled for the transfer of promised goods or services to customers. The ASU will replace most existing revenue recognition
guidance in U.S. generally accepted accounting principles when it becomes effective. The new standard was originally effective
for interim and annual periods in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016. In July 2015, the FASB affirmed its proposal
for a one year deferral of the effective date. Early application is not permitted. The standard permits the use of either the
retrospective or cumulative effect transition method. The Company is evaluating the effect that ASU 2014-09 will have on its consolidated
financial statements and related disclosures. The Company has not yet selected a transition method nor has it determined the effect
of the standard on its ongoing financial reporting.  

Critical Accounting Policies  

Our significant accounting
policies are more fully described in Note 1 to our consolidated financial statements located in Item 8 of this Annual Report on
Form 10-K. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues,
and expenses, and the related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. Actual results could differ from those estimates
under different assumptions or conditions. We believe that the following critical accounting policies are subject to estimates
and judgments used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements: 

Estimated Useful Lives of Property and Equipment  

The estimates of useful
lives for property and equipment are significant estimates. Expenditures for the leasehold improvements and equipment when a restaurant
is first constructed are material. In addition, periodic refurbishing takes place and those expenditures can be material. We estimate
the useful life of those assets by considering, among other things, expected use, life of the lease on the building, and warranty
period, if applicable. The assets are then depreciated using a straight line method over those estimated lives. These estimated
lives are reviewed periodically and adjusted if necessary. Any necessary adjustment to depreciation expense is made in the income
statement of the period in which the adjustment is determined to be necessary. 

46   

      Table of Contents  

Consolidation of Limited Partnerships  

As of October 1, 2016,
we operate eight (8) restaurants as general partner of the limited partnerships that own the operations of these restaurants. We
expect that any expansion which takes place in opening new restaurants will also result in us operating the restaurants as general
partner. In addition to the general partnership interest we also purchase limited partnership units ranging from 5% to 49% of the
total units outstanding. As a result of these controlling interests, we consolidate the operations of these limited partnerships
with ours despite the fact that we do not own in excess of 50% of the equity interests. All intercompany transactions are eliminated
in consolidation. The non-controlling interests in the earnings of these limited partnerships are removed from net income and are
not included in the calculation of earnings per share. 

Income Taxes   

FASB ASC Topic 740  
 Income Taxes , requires, among other things, recognition of future tax benefits measured at enacted rates attributable to
deductible temporary differences between financial statement and income tax bases of assets and liabilities and to tax net operating
loss and tip credit carryforwards to the extent that realization of said benefits is more likely than not. For discussion regarding
our carryforwards refer to Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements for our fiscal year 2016. 

Other Matters   

Impact of Inflation  

The primary inflationary
factors affecting our operations are food, beverage and labor costs. A large number of restaurant personnel are paid at rates based
upon applicable minimum wage and increases in minimum wage directly affect labor costs. To date, inflation has not had a material
impact on our operating results, but this circumstance may change in the future if food and fuel costs continue to rise. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
Risk  

As part of our ongoing
operations, we are exposed to interest rate fluctuations on our borrowings. As more fully described in Note 13  Fair Value
Measurements of Financial Instruments  to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in  Item 8. Financial Statements
and Supplementary Data  of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for our fiscal year ended October 1, 2016, we use interest rate
swap agreements to manage these risks. These instruments are not used for speculative purposes but are used to modify variable
rate obligations into fixed rate obligations. 

47   

      Table of Contents  

At October 1, 2016, we
had three variable rate debt instruments outstanding that are impacted by changes in interest rates. In July, 2010, we re-financed
the mortgage loan encumbering our corporate offices (the  Refinanced Mortgage Loan ). In November, 2011, we financed
our purchase of the real property and two building shopping center in Miami, Florida, with a $4,500,000 mortgage loan (the  $4.5M
Mortgage Loan ). In January, 2013, we re-financed the mortgage loan encumbering the property where our combination package
liquor store and restaurant located at 4 N. Federal Highway, Hallandale, Florida, (Store #31) operates, which mortgage loan is
held by an unaffiliated third party lender (the  $1.405M Loan ). 

As a means of managing
our interest rate risk on these debt instruments, we entered into interest rate swap agreements with our unrelated third party
lender to convert these variable rate debt obligations to fixed rates. We are currently party to the following three (3) interest
rate swap agreements: 

(i) One (1) interest rate
swap agreement entered into July, 2010 relates to the Refinanced Mortgage Loan (the  Mortgage Loan Swap ). The Mortgage
Loan Swap requires us to pay interest for a seven (7) year period at a fixed rate of 5.11% on an initial amortizing notional principal
amount of $935,000, while receiving interest for the same period at LIBOR, Daily Floating Rate, plus 2.25%, on the same amortizing
notional principal amount. Under this method of accounting, at October 1, 2016, we determined that based upon unadjusted quoted
prices in active markets for similar assets or liabilities provided by our unrelated third party lender, the fair value of the
Mortgage Loan Swap was not material; 

(ii) The second interest
rate swap agreement entered into in November, 2011 by our wholly owned subsidiary, Flanigan s Calusa Center, LLC, relates
to the $4.5 Mortgage Loan (the  $4.5M Mortgage Loan Swap ). The $4.5M Mortgage Loan Swap requires us to pay interest
for an eight (8) year period at a fixed rate of 4.51% on an initial amortizing notional principal amount of $3,750,000, while receiving
interest for the same period at LIBOR   1 Month, plus 2.25%, on the same amortizing notional principal amount. We determined
that at October 1, 2016, the interest rate swap agreement is an effective hedging agreement and the fair value was not material;
and 

(iii) The  third
interest rate swap agreement entered into in January, 2013 relates to the $1.405M Loan (the  $1.405M Term Loan
Swap ). The $1.405M Term Loan Swap requires us to pay interest for a twenty (20) year period at a fixed rate of 4.35%
on an initial amortizing notional principal amount of $1,405,000, while receiving interest for the same period at LIBOR
  1 Month, plus 2.25%, on the same amortizing notional principal amount. We determined that at October 1, 2016, the
interest rate swap agreement is an effective hedging agreement and the fair value was not material. 

At October 1, 2016, our
cash resources earn interest at variable rates. Accordingly, our return on these funds is affected by fluctuations in interest
rates. 

There is no assurance
that interest rates will increase or decrease over our next fiscal year or that an increase will not have a material adverse effect
on our operations. 

48   

      Table of Contents  

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.  

Our Financial Statements
and supplementary data are on pages F-1 through F-6. 

Item 9. Changes
in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures. 

None 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures.  

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  

Based on evaluations as
of the end of the period covered by this report, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, with the participation
of our management team, have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)
to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act )) were effective to ensure that information
the Company is required to disclose in reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated
to management, including the CEO and CFO, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure and is recorded,
processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. 

Management s Assessment on Internal
Control over Financial Reporting  

Our management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Management, including our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer, performed an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial
reporting.  This evaluation was based on criteria established in Internal Control   Integrated Framework issued
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013 ( COSO ). Based on that evaluation, our
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that as of October 1, 2016, our internal control over financial
reporting was effective. 

Limitations on the Effectiveness of Controls
and Permitted Omission from Management s Assessment  

Our internal control over
financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. All internal control
systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations, including the possibility of human error and the circumvention
or overriding of controls. Accordingly, even effective internal controls can only provide reasonable assurance with respect to
financial statement preparation. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk
that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures
may deteriorate. 

49   

      Table of Contents  

This annual report does
not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial
reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our independent registered public accounting firm pursuant
to rules of the SEC that permit us to provide only management s report in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting  

During the quarter ended
October 1, 2016, we have not made any change to our internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected, or
is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information.  

 None. 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.  

The information
required by Item 10 is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement for our 2017 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which
will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission no later than 120 days from the end of our 2016 fiscal year. The
information under the heading  Executive Officers  in Part I of this Form 10-K is also incorporated herein by
reference. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation.  

The information required
by Item 11 is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement for our 2017 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which will be filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission no later than 120 days from the end of our 2016 fiscal year. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The information required by Item 12 is incorporated
by reference to our Proxy Statement for our 2017 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission no later than 120 days from the end of our 2016 fiscal year. 

Item 13.
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence. 

The information required
by Item 13 is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement for our 2017 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which will be filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission no later than 120 days from the end of our 2016 fiscal year. 

50   

      Table of Contents  

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services.  

The information required
by Item 14 is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement for our 2017 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which will be filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission no later than 120 days from the end of our 2016 fiscal year. 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement
Schedules.  

(a)(1) Financial Statements 

See Item 8,  Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data  for Financial Statements included with this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

(a)(2) Financial Statement Schedules 

All
other schedules have been omitted because the required information is not applicable or the information is included in the consolidated
financial statements or the Notes thereto. 

(a)(3) Exhibits 

The exhibits listed on
the accompanying Index to Exhibits are filed as part of this Annual Report. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary.  

None. 

Incorporated by Reference    

Exhibit 
 Number    
       
       Exhibit Description    
       
       Form    
       
       Date    
       
       Number    
       
       Filed 
 Herewith     
 
      2   
       
      Plan of Reorganization, Amended Disclosure Statement, Amended Plan of Reorganization, Modification of Amended Plan of Reorganization, Second Modification of Amended Plan of Reorganization, Order Confirming Plan of Reorganization  
       
      SB-2   
       
      5/5/87   
       
      2   

3   
       
      Restated Articles of Incorporation,  adopted January 9, 1984   
       
      10-K   
       
      12/29/02   
       
      3   

10(a)(1)  
       
      Employment Agreement with Joseph G. Flanigan*  
       
      DEF14A   
       
      1/27/1988  
       
      10(a)(1)   

10(a)(2)  
       
      Form of Employment Agreement between Joseph G. Flanigan and the Company (as ratified and amended by the stockholders at the 1988 annual meeting is incorporated herein by reference).*  
       
      10-K  

10(a)(1)   

51   

      Table of Contents  

52   

      Table of Contents  

10(w)   
         
      Stipulated Agreed Order of Dismissal upon Mediation with former franchisee.  
       
      10-KSB   
       
      9/27/1997   
       
      10(w)   

10(x)   
       
      Limited Partnership Agreement of CIC Investors #70, Ltd. dated February 1999 between Flanigan's Enterprises, Inc. as General Partner and numerous limited partners, including Flanigan's Enterprises, Inc. as limited partner owning forty percent of the limited partnership.  *  
       
      10-KSB   
       
      10/02/1999   
       
      10(x)   

10(y)   
         
      Limited Partnership Agreement of CIC Investors #80, Ltd., dated May 2001, between Flanigan's Enterprises, Inc. as General Partner and numerous limited partners, including Flanigan's Enterprises, Inc., as limited partner owning twenty five percent of the limited partnership.  *  
       
      10-KSB   
       
      9/29/2001   
       
      10(y)   

10(z)  
       
      Limited Partnership Agreement of CIC Investors #95, Ltd., dated July 2001, between Flanigan's Enterprises, Inc., as General Partner and numerous limited partners, including Flanigan's Enterprises, Inc. as limited partner owning twenty eight percent of the limited partnership.  *  
       
      10-KSB   
       
      9/29/2001   
       
      10(z)   

10(aa)   

Limited Partnership Agreement of CIC
Investors #75, Ltd., dated June 17, 2003, between Flanigan s Enterprises, Inc., as General Partner, and numerous limited
partners, including Flanigan s Enterprises, Inc. as limited partner owning twelve percent of the limited partnership. *  
       
      10-K   
       
      9/27/03   
       
      10(aa)   

10(bb)   
       
      Limited Partnership Agreement of CIC Investors #65, Ltd., dated June 24, 2004, between Flanigan s Enterprises, Inc., as General Partner, and numerous limited partners, including Flanigan s Enterprises, Inc. as limited partner owning twenty six percent of the limited partnership.  *  
       
      10-K   
       
      10/2/2004  
       
      10(bb)   

10(cc)   
       
      Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Certificate and Agreement of CIC Investors #13, Ltd., dated March 1, 2006, between Flanigan s Enterprises, Inc., as General Partner, Flanigan s Management Services, Inc. and numerous limited partners, including Flanigan s Enterprises, Inc. as limited partner owning thirty nine percent of the limited partnership.  *  
       
      10-K   
       
      9/30/2006   
       
      10(cc)   

53   

      Table of Contents  

10(dd)  
       
      Limited Partnership Agreement of CIC Investors #50, Ltd., dated October 17, 2006, between Flanigan s Enterprises, Inc., as General Partner, Flanigan s Management Services, Inc. and numerous limited partners, including Flanigan s Enterprises, Inc. as limited partner owning sixteen percent of the limited partnership.  *  
       
      10-K   
       
      9/29/2007   
       
      10(dd)   

10(ee)  
       
      Limited Partnership Agreement of CIC Investors #55, Ltd., dated December 12, 2006, between Flanigan s Enterprises, Inc., as General Partner, Flanigan s Management Services, Inc. and numerous limited partners, including Flanigan s Enterprises, Inc. as limited partner owning forty eight percent of the limited partnership.  *  
       
      10-K   
       
      9/29/2007   
       
      10(ee)   

10(ff)  

Limited Partnership Agreement of CIC Investors
        #90, Ltd., dated January 18, 2012, between Flanigan s Enterprises, Inc., as General Partner, Flanigan s Management
        Services, Inc. and numerous limited partners, including Flanigan s Enterprises, Inc. as limited partner owning five percent
        of the limited partnership. *  

10-K  

9/29/2012  

10(ff)  

13  

Registrant's Form 10-K constitutes the Annual
        Report to Shareholders for the fiscal year ended October 1, 2016.  

X   

21(a)   
       
      Company's subsidiaries are set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.  

X   

31.1   
       
      Certification Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended of Chief Executive Officer.  

X     

31.2   
       
      Certification Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended of Chief Financial Officer.  

X     

32.1   
       
      Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 of Chief Executive Officer.  

X    

54   

      Table of Contents  

List of XBRL documents as exhibits 101 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the
requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 the registrant has duly caused this report to be
signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Flanigan's Enterprises, Inc.   

Registrant   

By:  
      /s/ JAMES G. FLANIGAN II   

JAMES G. FLANIGAN II   

Chief Executive Officer   

Date: 12/22/2016   

By:  
      /s/ JEFFREY D. KASTNER   

JEFFREY D. KASTNER   

Chief Financial Officer and Secretary   

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)   

Date: 12/22/2016   

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant
and in their capacities and on the dates indicated. 

55   

      Table of Contents  

56   

      Table of Contents  

F    LANIGAN S
 E NTERPRISES,  I NC. AND  S UBSIDIARIES   

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

OCTOBER 1, 2016 AND OCTOBER 3, 2015 

Table of Contents   

F    LANIGAN S
    E    NTERPRISES,
    I    NC.
AND     S    UBSIDIARIES   

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

PAGE     

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM  
       F-1    

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Balance Sheets  
       F-2    

Statements of Income  
       F-3    

Statements of Stockholders  Equity  
       F-4    

Statements of Cash Flows  
       F-5   F-6    

Notes to Financial Statements  
       F-7 - F-31    

Table of Contents   

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM   

To the Audit Committee of the 

 Board of Directors and Stockholders of 

 Flanigan s Enterprises, Inc. 

 Fort Lauderdale, Florida 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Flanigan s Enterprises, Inc. and Subsidiaries, (the  Company ), as of October 1, 2016 and October
3, 2015 and the related consolidated statements of income, stockholders  equity and cash flows for the years then ended.
These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express
an opinion on these  financial statements based on our audits. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with
the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform
the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audits
included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate
in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control
over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining, on a test basis, evidence
supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates
made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable
basis for our opinion. 

In our opinion, the  financial
statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of Flanigan s
Enterprises, Inc. and Subsidiaries as of October 1, 2016 and October 3, 2015, and the consolidated results of their operations
and their cash flows for the years then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America. 

/s/ Marcum LLP 

Marcum LLP  

 Fort Lauderdale, FL 

 December 22, 2016 

F- 1   

       Table of Contents   

F  LANIGAN S ENTERPRISES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

OCTOBER 1, 2016 AND
OCTOBER 3, 2015 

 (rounded to the nearest
thousandth, except share amounts) 

F- 2   

       Table of Contents   

F  LANIGAN S ENTERPRISES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 

Years Ended October 1, 2016 and October 3, 2015 

(rounded to the nearest
thousandth, except share and per share amounts) 

F- 3   

       Table of Contents   

F  LANIGAN S ENTERPRISES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

YEARS ENDED OCTOBER
1, 2016 AND OCTOBER 3, 2015 

 (rounded to nearest
thousandth, except share amounts) 

F- 4   

       Table of Contents   

F  LANIGAN S ENTERPRISES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

YEARS ENDED OCTOBER 1, 2016 AND OCTOBER 3, 2015 

F- 5   

       Table of Contents   

F  LANIGAN S ENTERPRISES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

(Continued) 

 (rounded to nearest thousandth) 

F- 6   

       Table of Contents   

F    LANIGAN S
 E NTERPRISES,  I NC. AND  S UBSIDIARIES   

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

   YEARS ENDED OCTOBER 1, 2016 AND OCTOBER
3, 2015 

NOTE 1. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES  

Organization and Capitalization 

The Company was incorporated in 1959
and operates in South Florida as a chain of full-service restaurants and package liquor stores. Restaurant food and beverage sales
make up the majority of our total revenue. At October 1, 2016, we (i) operated 25 units, (excluding the adult entertainment club
referenced in (ii) below), consisting of restaurants, package liquor stores and combination restaurants/package liquor stores that
we either own or have operational control over and partial ownership in; (ii) own but do not operate one adult entertainment club;
and (iii) franchise an additional five units, consisting of two restaurants, (one of which we operate) and three combination restaurants/package
liquor stores. With the exception of one restaurant we operate under the name  The Whale s Rib , and in which
we do not have an ownership interest, all of the restaurants operate under our service mark  Flanigan s Seafood Bar
and Grill  and all of the package liquor stores operate under our service mark  Big Daddy s Liquors . 

The Company s Articles of
Incorporation, as amended, authorize us to issue and have outstanding at any one time 5,000,000 shares of common stock at a par
value of $0.10 per share. 

We operate under a 52-53 week year
ending the Saturday closest to September 30. Our fiscal year 2016 is comprised of a 52-week period and our fiscal year 2015 is
comprised of a 53-week period. 

Principles of Consolidation 

The consolidated financial statements
include the accounts of the Company and our subsidiaries, all of which are wholly owned, and the accounts of the eight limited
partnerships in which we act as general partner and have controlling interests. All significant intercompany transactions and balances
have been eliminated in consolidation. 

 Noncontrolling interests in consolidated
subsidiaries are included in the consolidated balance sheets as a separate component of equity. We report consolidated net income
inclusive of both the Company s and the noncontrolling interests  share, as well as amounts of consolidated net income
(loss) attributable to each of the Company and the noncontrolling interests. 

Use of Estimates 

The consolidated financial statements
and related disclosures are prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. We are required
to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the 

F- 7   

       Table of Contents   

NOTE 1. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES  (Continued) 

Use of Estimates  
(Continued) 

disclosure of contingent assets and
liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and revenue and expenses during the period reported.  These estimates
include assessing the estimated useful lives of tangible assets and the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities.  Estimates
and assumptions are reviewed periodically and the effects of revisions are reflected in our consolidated financial statements in
the period they are determined to be necessary. Although these estimates are based on our knowledge of current events and actions
we may undertake in the future, they may ultimately differ from actual results. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 

We consider all highly liquid investments
with an original maturity of three months or less at the date of purchase to be cash equivalents. 

Inventories 

Our inventories, which consist primarily
of package liquor products, are stated at the lower of average cost or market. 

Liquor Licenses 

In accordance with the Financial
Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 350,   Intangibles  -  Goodwill and
Other  , our liquor licenses are indefinite lived assets, which are not being amortized, but are tested annually for impairment
(see Note 8). 

Property and Equipment 

Our property and equipment are stated
at cost. We capitalize expenditures for major improvements and depreciation commences when the assets are placed in service. We
record depreciation on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the respective assets. We charge maintenance and
repairs, which do not improve or extend the life of the respective assets, to expense as incurred. When we dispose of assets, the
cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and any gain or loss is included in income. 

Our estimated useful lives range
from three to five years for vehicles, and three to seven years for furniture and equipment. Leasehold improvements are currently
being amortized over the shorter of the life of the lease or the life of the asset up to a maximum of 20 years. Our building and
building improvements of our corporate offices in Fort Lauderdale, Florida; our building and building improvements of our construction
office/warehouse in Fort Lauderdale, Florida; our combination restaurant and package liquor stores in Hallandale, Florida, Hollywood,
Florida and North Miami, Florida; our restaurant in Fort Lauderdale, Florida; and our shopping center in Miami, Florida and property
in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, all of which we own, are being depreciated over forty years. 

F- 8   

       Table of Contents   

NOTE 1. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES  (Continued) 

Leasehold Interests   

Our purchase of an existing restaurant
location usually includes a lease to the business premises. As a result, a portion of the purchase price is allocated to the leasehold
interest. We capitalize the cost of the leasehold interest and amortization commences upon our assumption of the lease. We amortize
leasehold interests on a straight line basis over the remaining term of the lease. 

Investment in Limited Partnerships   

We use the consolidation method of
accounting when we have a controlling interest in other companies and limited partnerships. We use the equity method of accounting
when we have an interest between twenty to fifty percent in other companies and limited partnerships, but do not exercise control.
Under the equity method, our original investments are recorded at cost and are adjusted for our share of undistributed earnings
or losses. All significant intercompany profits are eliminated. 

Concentrations of Credit
Risk 

Financial instruments that potentially
subject us to concentrations of credit risk are cash and cash equivalents. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents   

 We maintain deposit balances
with financial institutions which balances may, from time to time, exceed the federally insured limits, which are $250,000 for
interest and non-interest bearing accounts.  We have not experienced any losses in such accounts. 

   Major Suppliers   

Throughout our
fiscal years 2016 and 2015, we purchased substantially all of our food products from one major supplier pursuant to a master distribution
agreement which entitled us to receive certain purchase discounts, rebates and advertising allowances that are recorded as a reduction
of cost of merchandise sold in periods in which they are earned. We believe that several other alternative vendors are available,
if necessary. 

Throughout
our fiscal years 2016 and 2015, we purchased the majority of our alcoholic beverages from three local distributors.
Each distributor has exclusive rights from the manufacturers to sell specific brands in given areas, so unless the
exclusive distribution rights are transferred to another vendor, there are no alternate distributors available. 

Revenue
Recognition   

We record revenues from normal
recurring sales upon the sale of food and beverages and the sale of package liquor products. We report our sales net of sales tax.
Continuing royalties, which are a percentage of net sales of franchised stores, are accrued as income when earned. 

F- 9   

       Table of Contents   

NOTE 1. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES  (Continued) 

Pre-opening
Costs 

Our pre-opening costs are those
typically associated with the opening of a new restaurant and generally include payroll costs associated with the new restaurant
opening,
rent and promotional costs. We expense pre-opening costs as incurred. During our fiscal years 2016 and 2015, we reported no losses. 

Advertising
Costs 

Our advertising costs are expensed
as incurred. Advertising costs incurred during our fiscal years ended October 1, 2016 and October 3, 2015 were approximately $494,000
and $343,000 respectively. 

General Liability Insurance   

We have general
liability insurance which incorporates a semi-self-insured plan under which we assume the full risk of the first $50,000 of exposure
per occurrence, while the limited partnerships assume the full risk of the first $10,000 of exposure per occurrence. Our insurance
carrier is responsible for $1,000,000 coverage per occurrence above our self-insured deductible, up to a maximum aggregate of $2,000,000
per year. During our fiscal years ended October 1, 2016 and October 3, 2015, we were able to purchase excess liability insurance,
whereby our excess insurance carrier is responsible for $6,000,000 coverage above our primary general liability insurance coverage.
With the exception of one (1) limited partnership which has higher general liability insurance coverage to comply with the terms
of its lease for the business premises, we are un-insured against liability claims in excess of $7,000,000 per occurrence and in
the aggregate. 

Our general policy
is to settle only those legitimate and reasonable claims asserted and to aggressively defend and go to trial, if necessary, on
frivolous and unreasonable claims. Under our current liability insurance policy, any expense incurred by us in defending a claim,
including adjusters and attorney's fees, are a part of our $50,000 or $10,000, as applicable, self-insured retention. 

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments 

The respective carrying value of
certain of our on-balance-sheet financial instruments approximated their fair value. These instruments include cash and cash equivalents,
other receivables, accounts payables, accrued expenses and debt. We have assumed carrying values to approximate fair values for
those financial instruments, which are short-term in nature or are receivable or payable on demand. We estimated the fair value
of debt based on current rates offered to us for debt of comparable maturities and similar collateral requirements. 

 In accordance with FASB ASC Topic
820-10-50-1, we utilized a valuation model to determine the fair value of our swap agreements. As the valuation models for the
swap agreements were based upon observable inputs, they are classified as Level 2 (see Note 10). 

F- 10   

       Table of Contents   

NOTE 1. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES  (Continued) 

Derivative Instruments   

We account for derivative instruments
in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 815-10-05-4,   Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities   as
amended, which establishes accounting and reporting standards for derivative instruments, including certain derivative instruments
embedded in other contracts, and hedging activities. In accordance with FASB ASC Topic 815-10-05-4, derivative instruments are
recognized as assets or liabilities in the Company s consolidated balance sheets and are measured at fair value. We recognize
all changes in fair value through earnings unless the derivative is determined to be an effective hedge. We currently have three
derivatives which we have designated as effective hedges (See Note 10). 

Income Taxes 

We account for our income taxes using
FASB ASC Topic 740,   Income Taxes  , which requires the recognition of deferred tax liabilities and assets for
expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the consolidated financial statements or tax returns. Under
this method, deferred tax liabilities and assets are determined based on the difference between the financial statement and tax
bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. 

We  follow the provisions
regarding  Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes,  which require the recognition of a financial statement benefit
of a tax position only after determining that the relevant tax authority would more likely than not sustain the
position following an audit. For tax positions meeting the more likely than not threshold, the amount recognized in the
financial statements is the largest benefit that has a greater than 50 percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate
settlement with the relevant tax authority. We applied these changes to tax positions for our fiscal years ending October 1,
2016 and October 3, 2015. We had no material unrecognized tax benefits and no adjustments to our financial position, results
of operations or cash flows were required. Generally, federal, state and local authorities may examine the Company s
tax returns for three years from the date of filing and the current and prior three years remain subject to examination as of
October 1, 2016. We do not expect that unrecognized tax benefits will increase within the next twelve months. We recognize
accrued interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions as income tax expense. 

Stock-Based Compensation 

We follow FASB ASC Topic 718,   Compensation
  Stock Compensation   to account for stock-based employee compensation, which generally requires, among other things
that all employee share-based compensation be measured using a fair value method and that resulting compensation costs be recognized
in the consolidated financial statements. We had no unvested stock options as of January 1, 2006 and granted no stock options subsequent
thereto, including our fiscal years 2016 and 2015, so there is no compensation expense recorded in our consolidated financial statements
for our fiscal years 2016 or 2015. At a May 15, 2014 meeting, our Board of Directors terminated our stock option plan. 

F- 11   

       Table of Contents   

NOTE 1. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES  (Continued) 

Long-Lived Assets 

We continually evaluate whether events
and circumstances have occurred that may warrant revision of the estimated life of our intangible and other long-lived assets or
whether the remaining balance of our intangible and other long-lived assets should be evaluated for possible impairment. If and
when such factors, events or circumstances indicate that intangible or other long-lived assets should be evaluated for possible
impairment, we will determine the fair value of the asset by making an estimate of expected future cash flows over the remaining
lives of the respective assets and compare that fair value with the carrying value of the assets in measuring their recoverability.
In determining the expected future cash flows, the assets will be grouped at the lowest level for which there are cash flows, at
the individual store level. 

Earnings Per Share   

We follow FASB
ASC Topic 260 -   Earnings per Share .  This section provides for the calculation of basic and diluted earnings
per share. Basic earnings per share includes no dilution. Earnings per share are computed by dividing income available to common
stockholders by the basic and diluted weighted average number of common shares. 

Recently Adopted and
Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

Adopted   

There were no recently adopted accounting
pronouncements during of our fiscal year 2016 that we believe will have a material impact on our
consolidated financial statements. 

Issued  

In
August 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued ASU 2016-15  Classification of
Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments .  This ASU addresses how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented
and classified in the statement of cash flows under Topic 230,  Statement of Cash Flows , and other Topics. ASU
2016-15 is effective for annual reporting periods, and interim periods therein, beginning after December 15, 2017. We do not
expect the adoption of this guidance to have a material impact on our  consolidated financial statements.  

In February 2016, the
FASB issued ASU 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842), which supersedes all existing guidance on accounting for leases in ASC
Topic 840.  ASU 2016-02 is intended to provide enhanced transparency and comparability by requiring lessees to
record right-of-use assets and corresponding lease liabilities on the balance sheet.  ASU 2016-02 will continue
to classify leases as either finance or operating, with classification affecting the pattern of expense recognition in
the statement of income.  ASU 2016-02 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018,
including interim periods within those fiscal years.  Early adoption is permitted.  ASU 2016-02 requires
a modified retrospective approach for all leases existing at, or entered into after the date of initial adoption, with an
option to elect to use certain transaction relief. 

F- 12   

       Table of Contents   

NOTE 1. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES  (Continued) 

Recently Adopted and
Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements (Continued) 

Issued   (Continued)  

We are currently assessing the adoption date and the potential
impact of adopting ASU 2016-02 on our financial statements and related disclosures. 

In
November 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-17,  Income Taxes (Topic 740): Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes .
ASU 2015-17 requires that all deferred tax liabilities and tax assets be classified as non-current in a classified balance sheet,
rather than separating such deferred taxes into current and non-current amounts, as is required under current guidance. ASU
2015-17 is effective for fiscal years, and for interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2016 and may be
applied either prospectively or retrospectively. We are currently assessing the adoption date and the potential impact of adopting
ASU 2015-17 on our financial statements and related disclosures.  

In April 2015, the FASB issued
ASU 2015-03,  Interest Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30): Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance
Costs.  ASU 2015-03 provides authoritative guidance related to the presentation of debt issuance costs on the balance
sheet, requiring companies to present debt issuance costs as a direct deduction from the carrying value of debt. The
amendments in this update are effective for public business entities in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, and
interim periods within those fiscal years. The new guidance must be applied retrospectively to each prior period presented.
We do not expect the adoption of this guidance to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 

In February 2015, the FASB
issued ASU 2015-02,   Consolidation: Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis   to modify the analysis that companies
must perform in order to determine whether a legal entity should be consolidated. ASU 2015-02 simplifies current guidance by reducing
the number of consolidation models; eliminating the risk that a reporting entity may have to consolidate based on a fee arrangement
with another legal entity; placing more weight on the risk of loss in order to identify the party that has a controlling financial
interest; reducing the number of instances that related party guidance needs to be applied when determining the party that has
a controlling financial interest; and changing rules for companies in certain industries that ordinarily employ limited partnership
or variable interest entity structures. ASU 2015-02 is effective for public companies for fiscal years beginning after December
15, 2015 and interim periods within those fiscal periods. Early adoption on a modified retrospective or full retrospective basis
is permitted. We do not expect the adoption of this guidance to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 

In
May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2014-09,  Revenue
from Contracts with Customers,  (ASU 2014-09), which requires an entity to recognize the amount of revenue to which it expects
to be entitled for the transfer of promised goods or services to customers. The ASU will replace most existing revenue recognition
guidance in U.S. generally accepted accounting principles when it becomes effective. The new standard was originally effective
for interim and annual periods in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016. In July 2015, the FASB affirmed its proposal
for a one year deferral of the effective date. Early application is not permitted. The standard permits the use of either the
retrospective or cumulative effect transition method. The Company is evaluating the effect that ASU 2014-09 will have on its consolidated
financial statements and related disclosures. The Company has not yet selected a transition method nor has it determined the effect
of the standard on its ongoing financial reporting.  

NOTE 2. PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT  

Depreciation and amortization expense
for the fiscal years ended October 1, 2016 and October 3, 2015 was approximately $2,564,000 and $2,545,000, respectively. 

NOTE 3. LEASEHOLD INTERESTS   

Future leasehold amortization as of October 1, 2016
is as follows: 

NOTE 4. INVESTMENTS IN LIMITED PARTNERSHIPS  

We have invested
with others (some of whom are affiliated with our officers and directors) in nine limited partnerships which own and operate nine
South Florida 

F- 13   

       Table of Contents   

NOTE 4. INVESTMENTS IN LIMITED PARTNERSHIPS   (Continued) 

based restaurants
under our service mark  Flanigan s Seafood Bar and Grill . In addition to being a  limited
partner in these limited partnerships, we are the sole general partner of all of these limited partnerships and manage and control
the operations of the restaurants except for the restaurant located in Fort Lauderdale, Florida where we only hold a limited partnership
interest.  

Generally, the terms of the limited
partnership agreements provide that until the investors  cash investment in a limited partnership (including any cash invested
by us) is returned in full, the limited partnership distributes to the investors annually out of available cash from the operation
of the restaurant, as a return of capital, up to 25% of the cash invested in the limited partnership, with no management fee paid
to us. Any available cash in excess of the 25% of the cash invested in the limited partnership distributed to the investors annually,
is paid one-half ( ) to us as a management fee and one-half (1/2) to the investors (including us) prorata based upon the
investors  investment, as a return of capital. Once all of the investors (including us) have received, in full, amounts equal
to their cash invested, an annual management fee becomes payable to us equal to one-half ( ) of cash available to be distributed,
with the other one half ( ) of available cash distributed to the investors (including us) as a profit distribution, pro-rata
based upon the investors  investment. 

As
of October 1, 2016, limited partnerships owning five (5) restaurants, (Surfside, Florida, Kendall, Florida. West Miami, Florida,
Pinecrest, Florida and Wellington, Florida locations), have returned all cash invested and we receive an annual management fee
equal to one-half ( ) of the cash available for distribution by the limited partnership. In addition to our receipt of  distributable
amounts from the limited partnerships, we receive a fee equal to 3% of gross sales for use of our  Flanigan s Seafood
Bar and Grill  service mark, which use is authorized only while we act as general partner. This 3% fee is  earned 
when sales are made by the limited partnerships and is paid weekly, in arrears. 

Surfside, Florida   

We are the sole general partner and
a 46% limited partner in this limited partnership which has owned and operated a restaurant in Surfside, Florida under our  Flanigan s
Seafood Bar and Grill  service mark since March 6, 1998. 33.3% of the remaining limited partnership interest is owned by
persons who are either our officers, directors or their family members. This limited partnership has returned to its investors
all of their initial cash invested and we receive an annual management fee equal to one-half ( ) of the cash available for
distribution by the limited partnership. This entity is consolidated in the accompanying financial statements. 

Kendall, Florida   

We are the sole general partner and
a 41% limited partner in this limited partnership which has owned and operated a restaurant in Kendall, Florida under our  Flanigan s
Seafood Bar and Grill  service mark since April 4, 2000. 28.3% of the remaining limited partnership interest is owned by
persons who are either our officers, directors or their family members. This limited partnership has returned to its investors
all of their initial cash invested and we receive an  

F- 14   

       Table of Contents   

annual management fee equal to one-half ( ) of the cash available for
distribution by the limited partnership. This entity is consolidated in the accompanying financial statements. 

West Miami, Florida 

We are the sole general partner and
a 27% limited partner in this limited partnership which has owned and operated a restaurant in West Miami, Florida under our  Flanigan s
Seafood Bar and Grill  service mark since October 11, 2001. 32.7% of the remaining limited partnership interest is owned
by persons who are either our officers, directors or their family members. This limited partnership has returned to its investors
all of their initial cash invested and we receive an annual management fee equal to one-half ( ) of the cash available for
distribution by the limited partnership. This entity is consolidated in the accompanying financial statements. 

Wellington, Florida 

We
are the sole general partner and a 28% limited partner in this limited partnership which has owned and operated a restaurant
in Wellington, Florida under our  Flanigan s Seafood Bar and Grill  service mark since May 27, 2005. 22.4%
of the remaining limited partnership interest is owned by persons who are either our officers, directors or their family
members. This limited partnership has returned to its investors all of their initial cash invested and we receive an annual
management fee equal to one-half ( ) of the cash available for distribution by the limited partnership. This entity is
consolidated in the accompanying financial statements. 

Pinecrest, Florida  

We are the sole general partner and
45% limited partner in this limited partnership which has owned and operated a restaurant in Pinecrest, Florida under our  Flanigan s
Seafood Bar and Grill  service mark since August 14, 2006. 20.2% of the remaining limited partnership interest is owned by
persons who are either our officers, directors or their family members. This limited partnership has returned to its investors
all of their initial cash invested and we receive an annual management fee equal to one-half (1/2) of the cash available for distribution
by this limited partnership. This entity is consolidated in the accompanying financial statements. 

Pembroke Pines, Florida   

We are the
sole general partner and a 23% limited partner in this limited partnership which has owned and operated a restaurant in
Pembroke Pines, Florida under our  Flanigan s Seafood Bar and Grill  service mark since October 29, 2007.
23.8% of the remaining limited partnership interest is owned by persons who are either our officers, directors or their
family members. As of the end of our fiscal year 2016, this limited partnership has returned to its investors approximately
75.0% of their initial cash invested, increased from approximately 62.0% as of the end of our fiscal year 2015. This entity
is consolidated in the accompanying financial statements. 

F- 15   

       Table of Contents   

Davie, Florida   

We are the sole general
partner and a 49% limited partner in this limited partnership which has owned and operated a restaurant in Davie, Florida
under our  Flanigan s Seafood Bar and Grill  service mark since July 28, 2008. 12.3% of the remaining
limited partnership interest is owned by persons who are either our officers, directors or their family members. As of the
end of our fiscal year 2016, this limited partnership has returned to its investors approximately 70.5% of their initial cash
invested, increased from approximately 60.5% as of the end of our fiscal year 2015. This entity is consolidated in the
accompanying financial statements. 

Miami, Florida   

We are the sole general partner and
a 5% limited partner in this limited partnership which has owned and operated a restaurant in Miami, Florida under our  Flanigan s
Seafood Bar and Grill  service mark since December 27, 2012. 26.8% of the remaining limited partnership interest is owned
by persons who are either our officers, directors or their family members. As of the end of our fiscal year 2016, this limited
partnership has returned to its investors approximately 71.0% of their initial cash invested, increased from approximately 42.0%
as of the end of our fiscal year 2015. This entity is consolidated in the accompanying financial statements. 

Fort Lauderdale,
Florida   

A corporation, owned by a member
of our Board of Directors, acts as sole general partner of a limited partnership which has owned and operated a restaurant in Fort
Lauderdale, Florida under our  Flanigan s Seafood Bar and Grill  service mark since April 1, 1997. We have a
25% limited partnership interest in this limited partnership. 56.9% of the remaining limited partnership interest is owned by persons
who are either our officers, directors or their family members. We have a franchise arrangement with this limited partnership.
For accounting purposes, we do not consolidate the operations of this limited partnership into our operations. This entity is reported
using the equity method in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. The following is a summary of condensed unaudited
financial information pertaining to our limited partnership investment in Fort Lauderdale, Florida: 

F- 16   

       Table of Contents   

NOTE 5. INVESTMENTS IN REAL PROPERTY   

Oakland Park, Florida   

During the first
quarter of our fiscal year 2016, we purchased the real property and improvements located at 1290 East Commercial Boulevard, Oakland
Park, Broward County, Florida (the  1290 Property ) and the vacant real property located at 4990 N.E. 12 th 
Avenue, Oakland Park, Broward County, Florida (the  4990 Property ) diagonally adjacent thereto, for a total purchase
price of $922,500. We plan to use the 6,000 square foot building located on the 1290 Property as office and warehouse space, to
store, among other items generators as well as covered parking for our food truck and to use the 4990 Property as a storage yard. 

Davie/Hollywood,
Florida   

During the second quarter of our
fiscal year 2015, we acquired for $1.5 million cash at closing, vacant real property (the  Property ), which is contiguous
to the real property we own where our combination package liquor store and restaurant located at 2505 N. University Drive, Hollywood,
Florida, (Store #19) operates. We plan to (i) construct a building on the Property into which we will re-locate the existing (Store
#19) package liquor store; and (ii) renovate and expand our (Store #19) restaurant into the former package liquor store space.
The Property will also provide for a larger parking lot to be used by our customers. 

NOTE 6.
RECENT EXTENSIONS OF EXISTING LEASES FOR EXISTING LOCATIONS  

Stuart, Florida   

During the third quarter of our fiscal
year 2016, we extended our lease for the restaurant we own located at 950 S. Federal Highway, Stuart, Florida (Store #75) for a
period of five (5) years through April 30, 2021, with two (2) five (5) year renewal options, under the same terms and conditions. 

Hialeah, Florida   

During the fourth quarter of our
fiscal year 2015, we extended our lease for the package liquor store we own located at 1550 W. 84th Street, Hialeah, Florida (Store
#7) for a period of five (5) years through October 31, 2020, with one (1) five (5) year renewal option, under the same terms and
conditions except for fixed rental increases at the start of the lease extension and the renewal option, if exercised by the Company. 

North Lauderdale,
Florida   

During the first quarter of our fiscal
year 2015, we (i) exercised the final five (5) year renewal option to extend the term of our lease for the combination package
liquor store and restaurant we own located at 5450 N. State Road 7, N. Lauderdale, Florida (Store #40) through December 31, 2020
under the existing terms and conditions and (ii) were granted an option to purchase the real property and improvements to be exercised
on or before December 31, 2020 for a purchase price of $1,200,000, cash at closing. 

F- 17   

       Table of Contents   

NOTE 7. FINANCED INSURANCE PREMIUMS  

Effective December 30, 2015, we cancelled
our property insurance for the policy year beginning March 12, 2015 and replaced it with a new property insurance policy effective
as of the same date. The cancelled property insurance policy was a one (1) year policy with an unaffiliated third party insurance
carrier. The one (1) year property insurance premium was in the amount of $482,000, of which $416,000 was financed through an unaffiliated
third party lender. The finance agreement provides that we are obligated to repay the amounts financed, together with interest
at the rate of 2.95% per annum, over 8 months, with monthly payments of principal and interest, each in the amount of approximately
$52,000. As of the date we cancelled the insurance, (December 30, 2015), the finance agreement was paid in full and the pro-rata
balance of the unearned premiums that we were due, $100,000, was recorded as a receivable as of the end of the first quarter of
our fiscal year 2016. We cancelled our property insurance policy effective December 30, 2015 and replaced it with a new property
insurance policy effective as of the same date so that our property insurance expires at the same time as our general liability
insurance policies. 

During our fiscal year 2016, we financed
the following three (3) property and general liability insurance policies, totaling approximately $1.17 million, which property
and general liability insurance includes coverage for our franchises of approximately $256,000 of the amount financed, which are
not included in our consolidated financial statements: 

(i)  For
the policy year beginning December 30, 2015, our general liability insurance, excluding limited partnerships, is a one (1) year
policy with our insurance carriers, including automobile and excess liability coverage. The one (1) year general liability insurance
premiums, including automobile and excess liability coverage, total, in the aggregate $470,000, of which $377,000 is financed through
an unaffiliated third party lender (the  Third Party Lender ). The finance agreement obligates us to repay the amounts
financed together with interest at the rate of 2.95% per annum, over 10 months, with monthly payments of principal and interest,
each in the amount of $38,000. The finance agreement is secured by a security interest in all insurance policies, all unearned
premium, return premium, dividend payments and loss payments thereof. 

(ii) For the policy year beginning
December 30, 2015, our general liability insurance for our limited partnerships is a one (1) year policy with our insurance carriers,
including excess liability coverage. The one (1) year general liability insurance premiums, including excess liability coverage,
total, in the aggregate $480,000, of which $385,000 is financed through the Third Party Lender. The finance agreement obligates
us to repay the amounts financed, together with interest at the rate of 2.95% per annum, over 10 months, with monthly payments
of principal and interest, each in the amount of $39,000. The finance agreement is secured by a security agreement in all insurance
policies, all unearned premium, return premium, dividend payments and loss payments thereof. 

(iii)  For
the policy year beginning December 30, 2015, our property insurance is a one (1) year policy. The one (1) year property insurance
premium is in the amount of $504,000, of which $404,000 is financed through the Third Party Lender. The finance agreement provides
that we are obligated to repay the amounts financed, together with interest at the rate of 2.95% per annum, over 10 months, with
monthly payments of principal and interest, each in the  

F- 18   

       Table of Contents   

amount of approximately $41,000. The finance agreement is secured by a
security interest in all insurance policies, all unearned premium, return premium, dividend payments and loss payments thereof. 

As of October 1, 2016, the aggregate
principal balance owed from the financing of our property and general liability insurance policies is $186,000. (See Note 10) 

NOTE 8. LIQUOR LICENSES  

Liquor licenses,
which are indefinite lived assets, are tested for impairment in September of each of our fiscal years. The fair value of liquor
licenses at October 1, 2016, exceeded the carrying amount; therefore, we recognized no impairment loss. The fair value of the liquor
licenses was evaluated by comparing the carrying value to recent sales for similar liquor licenses in the County issued. At October
1, 2016 and October 3, 2015, the total carrying amount of our liquor licenses was $630,000. We acquired no liquor licenses in our
fiscal years 2016 and 2015. 

NOTE 9. INCOME TAXES   

The components of our provision for
income taxes for our fiscal years 2016 and 2015 are as follows: 

A reconciliation of income tax computed
at the statutory federal rate to income tax expense is as follows: 

We have deferred tax assets which
arise primarily due to depreciation recorded at different rates for tax and book purposes offset by cost basis differences in depreciable
assets due to the deferral of the recognition of insurance recoveries on casualty losses for tax purposes,  

F- 19   

       Table of Contents   

investments in and management
fees paid by limited partnerships, accruals for potential uninsured claims, bonuses accrued for book purposes but not paid within
two and a half months for tax purposes, the capitalization of certain inventory costs for tax purposes not recognized for financial
reporting purposes, the recognition of revenue from gift cards not redeemed within twelve months of issuance, allowances for uncollectable
receivables, unfunded limited retirement commitments and tax credit carryforwards generated as a result of the application of alternative
minimum taxes. 

The components of our deferred tax
assets at October 1, 2016 and October 3, 2015 were as follows: 

NOTE 10. DEBT  

Long-Term Debt    

F- 20   

       Table of Contents   

F- 21   

       Table of Contents   

Long-term debt
at October 1, 2016 matures as follows: 

As of October 1, 2016, we are in compliance with the covenants of
all loans with our lender. 

F- 22   

       Table of Contents   

NOTE 11. COMMITMENTS, CONTINGENCIES AND OTHER MATTERS   

Construction Contract   

On March 28, 2016, we entered into
a construction contract in the amount of $1,061,000 to build a new building on a parcel of real property which we own which is
near the real property where our combination package liquor store and restaurant located at 13205 Biscayne Boulevard, North Miami,
Florida, (Store #20) operates. Our intent is to re-locate our package liquor store to the new building and to renovate and expand
the restaurant into the former package liquor store space. As of October 1, 2016, we are in the early construction stage. 

Legal Matters   

We are a party
to various claims, legal actions and complaints arising in the ordinary course of our business. It is our opinion that all such
matters are without merit or involve such amounts that an unfavorable disposition would not have a material adverse effect on our
financial position or results of operations. 

During the first
quarter of our fiscal year 2015, we settled seven (7) employment related, self-insured lawsuits filed against us, including against
several of our limited partnerships, for an aggregate total of approximately $193,000. We have previously accrued for this potential
self-insured liability in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets in the caption  Accounts payable and accrued expenses . 

Leases 

We lease a substantial portion
of the land and buildings used in our operations under leases with initial terms expiring between 2017 and 2027. Renewal options
are available on many of our leases. Most of our leases are fixed rent agreements. For one Company-owned restaurant/package liquor
store combination unit, lease rental is subject to sales overrides ranging from 3% to 4% of annual sales in excess of established
amounts. For another Company-owned restaurant, lease rental is subject to sales overrides of 7.3% of annual sales in excess of
the base rent paid and another Company-owned restaurant, lease rental is subject to sales overrides of 3.0% of annual sales. For
four limited partnership restaurants, lease rentals are subject to sales overrides ranging from 2% to 5.5% of annual sales in excess
of the base rent paid. We recognize rent expense on a straight line basis over the term of the lease and percentage rent as incurred. 

We have a ground lease for an out
parcel in Hollywood, Florida where we constructed a 4,120 square foot stand-alone building, one-half (1/2) of which is used by
us for the operation of our Company-owned package liquor store and the other one-half (1/2) of which is subleased to an unrelated
third party as retail space. Rent for the retail space commenced January 1, 2005, and we generated approximately $102,000 and $54,000
of revenue from this source during our fiscal years ended October 1, 2016 and October 3, 2015, respectively. Total future minimum
sublease payments under the non-cancelable sublease are $198,000, including Florida sales tax (currently 6%) through December 31,
2019. 

Future minimum lease payments,
including Florida sales tax (currently 6% to 7%) under our non-cancelable operating leases as of October 1, 2016 are as follows: 

F- 23   

       Table of Contents   

NOTE 11. COMMITMENTS, CONTINGENCIES AND OTHER MATTERS  (Continued) 

Leases   (Continued) 

Total rent expense for all of our
operating leases was approximately $3,506,000 and $3,386,000 in our fiscal years 2016 and 2015, respectively, and is included in
 Occupancy Costs  in our accompanying consolidated statements of income. This total rent expense is comprised of the
following: 

Purchase Commitments   

In order to fix the cost and ensure
adequate supply of baby back ribs for our restaurants during calendar year 2017, on November 5, 2016, we entered into a purchase
agreement with our current rib supplier, whereby we agreed to purchase approximately $5,779,000 of baby back ribs during calendar
year 2017 from this vendor at a fixed cost. 

While we anticipate purchasing all
of our rib supply from this vendor, we believe that several other alternative vendors are available, if necessary. 

Franchise Program  

  At
October 1, 2016 and October 3, 2015, we were the franchisor of five units under franchise agreements. Of the five
franchised stores, three are combination restaurant/package liquor stores and two are restaurants (one of which we operate).
Four  franchised stores are owned and operated by related parties as follows: 

James
G. Flanigan, our Chairman of the Board of Directors, Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company, and Michael B. Flanigan,
a member of our Board of Directors and James G. Flanigan s brother, are each a 35.24% owner of a company which has a franchise
arrangement with us for the operation of a combination restaurant/package liquor store located in Coconut Grove, Florida (Store
#18).  

Patrick
J. Flanigan, brother to both James G. Flanigan and Michael B. Flanigan and a member of our Board of Directors, owns 100% of a
company which has a franchise arrangement with us for the operation of a combination restaurant/package liquor store located in
Pompano Beach, Florida (Store #43).  

Our
officers and directors collectively own 30% of the shareholder interest of a company which has a franchise arrangement with us
for the operation of a restaurant located in Deerfield Beach, Florida. The shareholder interest of James G. Flanigan s family
represents an additional 60% of the total invested capital in this franchised location (Store #14).  

Patrick
J. Flanigan is the sole general partner and a 25% limited partner in a limited partnership which has a franchise arrangement with
us for the operation of a restaurant located in Fort Lauderdale, Florida. The Company is a 25% limited partner in this limited
partnership and officers and directors of the Company (excluding Patrick J. Flanigan) own an additional 31.9% limited partnership
interest in this franchised location (Store #15).   

Under the franchise agreements, we provide
guidance, advice and management assistance to the franchisees. In addition and for an additional annual fee of approximately
$25,000, we also  act as fiscal agent for the franchisees whereby we collect all revenues and
pay all expenses and distributions. We also, from time to time, advance funds on behalf of the franchisees for the cost of
renovations. The resulting amounts receivable from and payable to these franchisees are reflected in the accompanying
consolidated balance sheet as either an asset or a liability. We also agree to sponsor and manage cooperative buying groups
on behalf of the franchisees for the purchase   

F- 24   

       Table of Contents   

NOTE 11. COMMITMENTS, CONTINGENCIES AND OTHER MATTERS  (Continued) 

Franchise Program   (Continued) 

of inventory. The
franchise agreements provide for royalties to us of approximately 3% of gross restaurant sales and 1% of gross package liquor
sales. During our fiscal years 2016 and 2015, we earned royalties of $606,000 and $576,000, respectively, from our related
franchises. We are not currently offering or accepting new franchises. 

Employment
Agreement/Bonuses 

As of October 1, 2016 and October
3, 2015, we had no employment agreements. 

Our Board of Directors approved
an annual performance bonus, with 14.75% of the corporate pre-tax net income, plus or minus non-recurring items, but before depreciation
and amortization in excess of $650,000 paid to the Chief Executive Officer and 5.25% paid to other members of management. Bonuses
for our fiscal years 2016 and 2015 amounted to approximately $1,497,000 and $1,519,000, respectively. 

Our Board of Directors also approved
an annual performance bonus, with 5% of the pre-tax net income before depreciation and amortization from our restaurants in excess
of $1,875,000 and our share of the pre-tax net income before depreciation and amortization from the restaurants owned by the limited
partnerships paid to the Chief Operating Officer and 5% paid to the Chief Financial Officer. Bonuses for our fiscal years 2016
and 2015 amounted to approximately $897,000 and $861,000, respectively. 

Management Agreements   

Atlanta,
Georgia  

We own, but
do not operate, an adult entertainment nightclub located in Atlanta, Georgia which operates under the name  Mardi
Gras . We have a management agreement with an unaffiliated third party to manage the club. Under our management
agreement, the unaffiliated third party management firm is obligated to pay us an annual amount, paid monthly, equal to the
greater of $150,000 or ten (10%) percent of gross sales from the club, offset by one-half (1/2) of any rental increases,
provided our fees will never be less than $150,000 per year. For our fiscal years ended October 1, 2016 and October 3, 2015,
we generated $150,000 and $163,000 of revenue, respectively, from the operation of the club. 

Deerfield
Beach, Florida  

Since January 2006,
we have managed  The Whale s Rib , a casual dining restaurant located in Deerfield Beach, Florida, pursuant to
a management agreement. We paid $500,000 in exchange for our rights to manage this restaurant. The management agreement is being
amortized on a straight line basis over the life of the initial term of the agreement, ten (10) years. As of October 1, 2016 and
October 3, 2015, the balance of our management agreement of $-0- and $13,000 was included in other assets in the accompanying consolidated
balance sheet. The restaurant is owned by a third party unaffiliated with us. In exchange for providing 

F- 25   

       Table of Contents   

NOTE 11. COMMITMENTS, CONTINGENCIES AND OTHER MATTERS  (Continued) 

Management Agreements   (Continued) 

Deerfield
Beach, Florida  (Continued) 

management,
bookkeeping and related services, we receive one-half ( ) of the net profit, if any, from the operation of the restaurant.
During the third quarter of our fiscal year 2011, the term of the management agreement was extended through January 9, 2036. For
the fiscal years ended October 1, 2016 and October 3, 2015, we generated $442,000 and $500,000 of revenue respectively, from providing
these management services. 

NOTE
12. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS  

We follow FASB
(ASC) Topic 820,   Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures  , for financial assets and liabilities and for non-financial
assets and liabilities that are recognized or disclosed at fair value on at least an annual basis. Topic 820 defines fair value
as the price that would be received from selling an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market
participants at the measurement date. When determining the fair value measurements for assets and liabilities required or permitted
to be recorded at fair value, we consider the principal or most advantageous market in which it would transact and consider assumptions
that market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability, such as inherent risk, transfer restrictions and risk of
non-performance. Topic 820 establishes a fair market hierarchy that requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs
and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. Topic 820 establishes three levels of inputs that may be
used to measure fair value: 

Level 1 Inputs   Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.  

Level 2 Inputs -- Inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that are either directly or indirectly observable through
correlation with market data. These include quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for
identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active; and inputs to evaluation models or other pricing methodologies
that do not require significant judgment because the inputs used in the model, such as interest rates and volatility, can be corroborated
by readily observable market data.   

Level 3 Inputs -- One or more significant inputs that are unobservable and supported by little or no market activity, and that
reflect the use of significant management judgment. Level 3 assets and liabilities include those whose fair value measurements
are determined  using pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies or similar valuation techniques, and significant management
judgment or estimation.  

Interest Rate Swap Agreements   

At October 1, 2016, we had three
variable rate debt instruments outstanding that are impacted by changes in interest rates. In July, 2010, we re-financed the mortgage
loan encumbering our corporate offices (the  Refinanced Mortgage Loan ). In November, 2011, we financed our  

F- 26   

       Table of Contents   

purchase
of the real property and two building shopping center in Miami, Florida, with a $4,500,000 mortgage loan (the  $4.5M Mortgage
Loan ). In January, 2013, we re-financed the mortgage loan encumbering the property where our combination package liquor
store and restaurant located at 4 N. Federal Highway, Hallandale, Florida, (Store #31) operates, which mortgage loan is held by
an unaffiliated third party lender (the  $1.405M Loan ). 

As a means of managing our interest
rate risk on these debt instruments, we entered into interest rate swap agreements with our unrelated third party lender to convert
these variable rate debt obligations to fixed rates. We are currently party to the following three (3) interest rate swap agreements: 

(i) One (1) interest rate swap agreement
entered into July, 2010 relates to the Refinanced Mortgage Loan (the  Mortgage Loan Swap ). The Mortgage Loan Swap
requires us to pay interest for a seven (7) year period at a fixed rate of 5.11% on an initial amortizing notional principal amount
of $935,000, while receiving interest for the same period at LIBOR, Daily Floating Rate, plus 2.25%, on the same amortizing notional
principal amount. Under this method of accounting, at October 1, 2016, we determined that based upon unadjusted quoted prices in
active markets for similar assets or liabilities provided by our unrelated third party lender, the swap is not an effective hedging
agreement, however the fair value of the Mortgage Loan Swap was not material; and 

(ii) The second interest rate swap
agreement entered into in November, 2011 by our wholly owned subsidiary, Flanigan s Calusa Center, LLC, relates to the $4.5
Mortgage Loan (the  $4.5M Mortgage Loan Swap ). The $4.5M Mortgage Loan Swap requires us to pay interest for an eight
(8) year period at a fixed rate of 4.51% on an initial amortizing notional principal amount of $3,750,000, while receiving interest
for the same period at LIBOR   1 Month, plus 2.25%, on the same amortizing notional principal amount. We determined that
at October 1, 2016, the interest rate swap agreement is an effective hedging agreement and the fair value was not material; and 

(iii) The third
interest rate swap agreement entered into in January, 2013 relates to the $1.405M Loan (the  $1.405M Term Loan Swap ).
The $1.405M Term Loan Swap requires us to pay interest for a twenty (20) year period at a fixed rate of 4.35% on an initial amortizing
notional principal amount of $1,405,000, while receiving interest for the same period at LIBOR   1 Month, plus 2.25%, on
the same amortizing notional principal amount. We determined that at October 1, 2016, the interest rate swap agreement is an effective
hedging agreement and the fair value was not material. 

NOTE 13. COMMON STOCK  

Treasury Stock  

Purchase
of Common Shares  

During our fiscal
years 2016 and 2015, we did not purchase any shares of our common stock. As of October 1, 2016, we still have authority to purchase
65,414 shares of our common stock under the discretionary plan approved by the Board of Directors on May 17, 2007. Our current
repurchase plan has no expiration date and purchases under this program may be made  

F- 27   

       Table of Contents   

from time to time on the open market and in
private transactions, depending on market conditions, up to a purchase price of price of $15 per share. 

NOTE 14. BUSINESS SEGMENTS  

We operate principally in two
reportable segments   package stores and restaurants. The operation of package stores consists of retail liquor sales
and related items. Information concerning the revenues and operating income for our fiscal years ended 2016 and 2015, and
identifiable assets for the two reportable segments in which we operate, are shown in the following table. Operating income
is total revenue less cost of merchandise sold and operating expenses relative to each segment. In computing operating
income, none of the following items have been included: interest expense, other non-operating income and expense and income
taxes. Identifiable assets by segment are those assets that are used in our operations in each segment. Corporate assets are
principally cash and real property, improvements, furniture, equipment and vehicles used at our corporate headquarters. We do
not have any operations outside of the United States and transactions between restaurants and package liquor stores are not
material. 

F- 28   

       Table of Contents   

NOTE 15. QUARTERLY
INFORMATION (UNAUDITED )    

The following is
a summary of our unaudited quarterly results of operations for the quarters in our fiscal years 2016 and 2015. 

F- 29   

       Table of Contents   

Quarterly operating
results are not necessarily representative of our operations for a full year for various reasons including the seasonal nature
of both the restaurant and package store segments. 

NOTE 16. 401(k)
PLAN  

Effective July 2004, we began sponsoring
a 401(k) retirement plan covering substantially all employees who meet certain eligibility requirements. Employees may contribute
elective deferrals to the plan up to amounts allowed under the Internal Revenue Code. We are not required to contribute to the
plan but may make discretionary profit sharing and matching contributions. During our fiscal years 2016 and 2015, we made discretionary
contributions of $43,000 and $35,000, respectively.      

F- 30   

       Table of Contents   

NOTE 17.  SUBSEQUENT
EVENTS  

Subsequent events have been evaluated through the date these consolidated financial statements were issued and no events
required disclosure. 

F- 31   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31-1.htm
 EX-31.1

I, J ames G. Flanigan , certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Flanigan s Enterprises, Inc. for the period
ended October 1, 2016;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the periods covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the consolidated financial statements, and other financial information included
in this report, fairly present in all material respects of the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a) Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this annual report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of
the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this annual report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change
in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal
quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and 

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most
                                                                recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee or
                                                                registrant s board of directors or persons performing the equivalent function:   

a) All significant deficiencies and
material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting that are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting. 

/s/    James G. Flanigan   

Name:  James G. Flanigan   

Chief Executive Officer and President   

Date:   December 22, 2016   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31-2.htm
 EX-31.2

I,  Jeffrey D. Kastner , certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Flanigan s Enterprises, Inc. for the period
ended October 1, 2016;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the periods covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the consolidated financial statements, and other financial information included
in this report, fairly present in all material respects of the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a) Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this annual report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of
the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this annual report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change
in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal
quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and 

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee or registrant s board
of directors or persons performing the equivalent function:   

a) All significant deficiencies and
material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting that are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting. 

/s/   Jeffrey D. Kastner   

Name:     Jeffrey D. Kastner   

Chief Financial Officer and Secretary   

Date:     December 22, 2016   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32-1.htm
 EX-32.1

32.1       CERTIFICATION PURSUANT
TO 18 U. S. C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

In connection with the
Annual Report of Flanigan s Enterprises, Inc., (the  Company ) on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October
1, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission of the date hereof (the  Annual Report ), I,  James
G. Flanigan , Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. SS.1350, as adopted pursuant
to ss.906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1) This Annual Report on Form 10-K
of the Company, to which this certification is attached as a Exhibit, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13 (a) or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2) The information contained in this Annual
Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/  James G. Flanigan   

Name:   James G. Flanigan   

Chief Executive Officer and President   

Date:    December 22, 2016   

The foregoing certificate is provided
solely for the purpose of complying with Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and for no other purpose whatsoever.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein or in any of the Company s previous filings under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, that might incorporate the Company s future
filings, including this annual report on Form 10-K, in whole or in part, this certificate shall not be incorporated by reference
into any such filings. A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company
and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex32-2.htm
 EX-32.2

In connection with the
Annual Report of Flanigan s Enterprises, Inc., (the  Company ) on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October
1, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission of the date hereof (the  Annual Report ), I,  Jeffrey
D. Kastner , Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. SS.1350, as adopted pursuant to ss.906 of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1) This Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company,
to which this certification is attached as an Exhibit, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13 (a) or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2) The information contained in this Annual
Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/  Jeffrey D. Kastner   

Name:   Jeffrey D. Kastner   

Chief Financial Officer and Secretary   

Date:    December 22, 2016   

The foregoing certificate is provided
solely for the purpose of complying with Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and for no other purpose whatsoever.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein or in any of the Company s previous filings under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, that might incorporate the Company s future
filings, including this annual report on Form 10-K, in whole or in part, this certificate shall not be incorporated by reference
into any such filings. A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company
and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 bdl-20161001.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 bdl-20161001.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 bdl-20161001_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 bdl-20161001_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 bdl-20161001_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 bdl-20161001_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

