<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161003_10-K_edgar_data_1450390_0001206774-16-007301_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3801227</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>252281</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>633072</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>768479</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1259234</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>806899</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>28</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001206774-16-007301.hdr.sgml : 20161003
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161003163127
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001206774-16-007301
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		63
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20151231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161003
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161003

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BAKKEN RESOURCES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001450390
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CRUDE PETROLEUM & NATURAL GAS [1311]
		IRS NUMBER:				262973652
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-53632
		FILM NUMBER:		161916058

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1425 BIRCH AVE.
		STREET 2:		SUITE A
		CITY:			HELENA
		STATE:			MT
		ZIP:			59601
		BUSINESS PHONE:		406-442-9444

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1425 BIRCH AVE.
		STREET 2:		SUITE A
		CITY:			HELENA
		STATE:			MT
		ZIP:			59601

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MULTISYS LANGUAGE SOLUTIONS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20081119

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001206774-16-007301.txt : 20161003

10-K
 1
 bakken3141141-10k.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

Table of
Contents    

UNITED STATES
     SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION      WASHINGTON, D.C.
20549   
   FORM 10-K   
  
  Commission File
Number:    000-53632    
   
      BAKKEN RESOURCES, INC.     (Exact name of small business issuer as specified
in its charter)  

Nevada    
        26-2973652     
   
      (State or other jurisdiction of  
      (I.R.S. employer   
   
      incorporation or organization)  
      identification number)    
 
    825 Great Northern
Boulevard, Expedition Block , Suite 304 Helena, MT 59601     (Address of principal executive offices and zip
code)  
    (406)
442-9444     (Registrant s
telephone number, including area code)  
  Securities registered
pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:    None   
  Securities registered
pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:    Common Stock, $.001 par value   
  Indicate by check mark if
the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the
Securities Act. YES [   ] NO [X]  
  Indicate by check mark if
the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)
of the Exchange Act. YES [   ] NO [X]  
  Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section
13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the past 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been
subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. YES [   ] NO
[ X ]  
  1  

Table of
Contents    
  Indicate by check mark if
the disclosure of delinquent filers in response to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is
not contained in this herein, and will not be contained, to the best of
registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K. [X]   
  Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a
non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definition of
 accelerated filer,   larger accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):   

Large
      accelerated filer [   ]  
      Accelerated
      filer [   ]  
      Non-accelerated filer [   ]  
      Smaller
      reporting company [X]     
  Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the
Exchange Act). YES [   ] NO [X]   
  The aggregate market value
of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the
Registrant, as of June 30, 2015 was $2,021,688 based on
the average closing price of the Registrant s common stock
on the OTC Bulletin Board exchange. Shares of Common Stock held by each officer
and director and by each person who is known by the registrant to own 10% or
more of the outstanding Common Stock, if any, have been excluded in that such
persons may be deemed to be affiliates of the registrant. The determination of
affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for any other
purpose. The shares of our company are currently listed on the OTC Bulletin
Board exchange, symbol  BKKN.    
  The number of shares
outstanding of the issuer s common stock as of June 30, 2016 is 56,735,350
shares.   
  DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY
REFERENCE None.   

2   

Table of Contents    
     TABLE OF CONTENTS

PART I    

Item 1.   
      
       Business   
       5   

Item 1A.   
      
       Risk Factors   
       13   

Item 2.   
      
       Properties   
       25   

Item 3.   
      
       Legal Proceedings   
       28   

Item 4.   
       
       Mine Safety Disclosures   
       29   

PART II    

Item 5.   
      
       Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities   
       29   

Item 6.   
      
       Selected Financial Data   
       30   

Item 7.   
      
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
       30   

Item 7A.   
      
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
       34   

Item 8.   
      
       Financial Statements and Supplementary Data   
       35   

Item 9.   
      
       Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure   
       50   

Item 9A.   
      
       Controls and Procedures   
       50   

Item 9B.   
      
       Other Information   
       51   

PART III    

Item 10.   
      
       Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance   
       51   

Item 11.   
      
       Executive Compensation   
       54   

Item 12.   
      
       Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related  Stockholder Matters   
       55   

Item 13.   
      
       Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence   
       55   

Item 14.   
      
       Principal Accountant Fees and Services   
       56   

PART IV    

Item 15.   
      
       Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules   
       56   

SIGNATURES    

59   

3   

Table of Contents    
   CAUTIONARY STATEMENTS
REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION    
  We, Bakken Resources, Inc.
(the  Company,   BRI,   we,   us,  or  our ) are including the following
discussion to inform our existing and potential security holders generally of
some of the risks and uncertainties that can affect our company and to take
advantage of the  safe harbor  protection for forward-looking statements that
applicable federal securities law affords.   
  From time to time, our
management or persons acting on our behalf may make forward-looking statements
to inform existing and potential security holders about our company. All
statements other than statements of historical fact included in this report
regarding our financial position, business strategy, plans and objectives of
management for future operations, industry conditions, and indebtedness covenant
compliance are forward-looking statements. When used in this report,
forward-looking statements are generally accompanied by terms or phrases such as
 estimate,   project,   predict,   believe,   expect,   anticipate,   target, 
 plan,   intend,   seek,   goal,   will,   should,   may  or other words and
similar expressions that convey the uncertainty of future events or outcomes.
Items contemplating or making assumptions about actual or potential future
sales, market size, collaborations, and trends, or operating results also
constitute such forward-looking statements.   
  Forward-looking statements
involve inherent risks and uncertainties, and important factors (many of which
are beyond our control) that could cause actual results to differ materially
from those set forth in the forward-looking statements, include but not limited
to the following: general economic or industry conditions, economic conditions
nationally or in the communities in which our company conducts business, changes
in the interest rate, legislation or regulatory requirements, conditions of the
securities markets, our ability to raise capital, changes in accounting
principles, policies or guidelines, financial or political instability, acts of
war or terrorism, as well as other economic, competitive, governmental,
regulatory or technical factors affecting our company's operations, products,
services, and prices.   
  We have based these
forward-looking statements on our current expectations and assumptions about
future events. While our management considers these expectations and assumptions
to be reasonable, they are inherently subject to significant business, economic,
competitive, regulatory, and other risks, contingencies, and uncertainties. Most
of these things are difficult to predict and are beyond our control.
Accordingly, results actually achieved may differ materially from expected
results in forward-looking statements. Such statements speak only as of the date
they are made. You should consider carefully the statements in  Item 1A. (Risk
Factors)  and other sections of this report, which describe factors that could
cause our actual results to differ from those set forth in our forward-looking
statements. We do not undertake, and specifically disclaim, any obligation to
update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances
occurring after the date of such statements, other than required by law or
applicable regulation.   
  Readers are urged to
carefully review and consider our various disclosures in our reports filed with
the United States Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ), which attempt to
advise of the risks and factors that may affect our business, financial
condition, results of operation, and cash flows. If one or more of these risks
or uncertainties materializes, or if our underlying assumptions prove incorrect,
our actual results may vary materially from those expected or projected.
  
  4   

Table of Contents    
     BAKKEN RESOURCES,
INC. ANNUAL REPORT OF FORM 10-K      FOR FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2015 PART I
   
     ITEM 1. BUSINESS.
   
   Overview    
  Bakken Resources, Inc. is
an independent energy company focused on holding    non-working interests    in oil and natural gas properties in North
America. Bakken s primary focus since inception in 2010 has been the Williston
Basin in western North Dakota. The Company owns mineral rights to approximately
7,200 gross acres and 1,600 net mineral acres of land located about eight miles
southeast of Williston, North Dakota. The Company s land assets consist
generally of net mineral acres spanning from the sub-surface to the base of the
so-called  rock unit  in an area commonly referred to as the Bakken formation.
  
  A non-working interest
generally means that the Company doesn t bear either the risk or the financial
burden attributable to exploration and production of oil and natural gas wells.
The Company simply invests in  wells or projects that have
demonstrated a high degree of success. The Company partners with strong
operators to explore and develop oil and natural gas from company leases.
  
  The Company voluntarily
provides the following table in order to provide an overview of third-party
production in which the Company holds royalty interests, noting however, that
such disclosures are not required for non-producing oil and gas companies such
as BKKN.   
  During 2015, the Company
received royalty and overriding royalty payments on seventy-five (75) producing
oil wells seventy-two (72) of which also produce natural gas. This production
and proved reserves are as follows:   
  
  Leases comprising the
Company s mineral rights provide an average 17% lease interest in
production-based revenue before accounting for overriding royalties held by
third parties. We acquired our mineral rights from a related Nevada company
named Holms Energy LLC. ( Holms Energy ), which retained a 5% overriding
royalty. Holms Energy s overriding royalty is set to expire in November of 2020.
Therefore, we expect to hold our current average 12% royalty (   viz   . 17% less 5%) from the oil and gas produced until November 2020. Upon
expiration of Holms Energy s overriding royalty, the 5% will revert back to the
Company. The Company s effective net royalty interest is a product of three
factors: stated lease percentage, net mineral acres, and spacing unit. The lease
rate multiplied by the net mineral acres, divided by the spacing unit yields the
net royalty interest for each well. The average effective net royalty interest
in 2015 was  .73%. For  illustrative purposes, for every $100 in oil and gas production value,
the Company receives $0.73 in  net royalty  revenue.     
  We currently have leases
with three contracted oil drilling operators (collectively, the  Lessees ) on
various parcels of land on which we have mineral rights royalty interests: (1)
Oasis Petroleum, (2) Continental Resources, Inc., and (3) Statoil ASA. We have
no rights to influence our Lessees  activities, but if the Lessees do not
accomplish the agreed upon drilling programs within the timeline, Lessees can
lose their leases.   
   Background      
  The predecessor to our
company was incorporated on June 6, 2008, under the laws of the State of Nevada,
under the name Multisys Language Solutions, Inc. ( MLS ). Holms Energy
contributed the primary assets that formed the basis of our current business
operations. In connection with the closing of the transactions resulting in the
contribution of the mineral rights held by Holms Energy in November 2010, Holms
Energy received forty million (40,000,000) shares of common stock of the
Company. Holms Energy retained a 5% overriding royalty on all gross revenue
generated from the Company's gas and oil production royalty revenues. The
mineral rights from Holms Energy transferred the Company only those rights from
the surface to the base of the Bakken formation.   
  5   

Table of Contents    
  Also in connection with the
November 2010 transactions, the Company purchased approximately 800 net mineral
acres from the Revocable Living Trust of Rocky G. Greenfield and Evenette G.
Greenfield. These mineral rights included all mineral rights from the surface to
the basement. The Company sold these 800 net mineral acres to a third party in
February of 2014 and retained a two percent (2%) overriding royalty on the sale
of the mineral rights.   
   Description of Oil
Leases    
  BRI currently derives its
primary source of revenue from royalties generated from leasing its mineral
acreage. BRI s mineral acreage consists of approximately 1,600 net mineral acres
located primarily in McKenzie County, North Dakota. Such 1,600 net mineral acres
are currently spread across 17 spacing units. Operators covering BRI s minerals
have been approved for up to 15 wells per spacing unit (typically 1,280 acres
per spacing unit), but generally petition for permits prior to the commencement
of drilling in a particular spacing unit. If this holds for all spacing units
under which BRI has mineral acres, BRI would have a royalty interest in up to
187 wells. Note, however, that the royalties due to BRI under any particular
well vary based on the number of acres BRI has under any particular spacing unit
with a producing well.   
   Description of Oil
Production Relevant to the Company      
  With respect to drilling
operations, pursuant to the North Dakota Oil and Gas Commission, long lateral
deep horizontal multistage fracking wells in the Bakken Formation must be
permitted in spacing unit of not less than 640 acres, up to 2,900 acres, with
some exceptions. The spacing units have to be approved and permitted in advance
of drilling by the North Dakota Oil and Gas Commission. Recently, the North
Dakota Industrial Commission ( NDIC ) has approved multi-well permits for wells
drilled in the Three Forks formation along several of the defined  benches 
typically associated with separate geologic benchmarks contained in the Three
Forks formation. Since approximately one-third of the Company s current net
mineral acres include acreage in the Three Forks formation, any increase in the
drilling operations on the Company s net mineral acres which are permitted for
Three Forks wells may result an increased number of total wells from which the
Company may derive royalty income.   
  When operators drill a
horizontal well in the area where the subject property is located, they
typically drill down about 10,800 vertical feet and then utilize a down-hole
directional drilling tool to flatten the hole to 90 degrees and drill
horizontally to the oil and gas producing formation. Horizontal directional
drilling provides more contact area to the oil bearing formation than a typical
vertical well. This method of drilling together with fracking is referred to as
an enhanced oil recovery method, and is the primary source of recovery from the
Bakken Formation. BRI does, however, have interests in certain wells not drilled
into the Bakken Formation.   
  The Company maintains a
table on its website with information about wells in which it has mineral
interests. That table is available at
 http://www.BakkenResourcesInc.com/WellActivity.php   
  The information provided in
our website s table is categorized by well name, the operator, field and pool,
the NDIC identification number, and the well status and location description.
Well status is defined by several categories: Producing; Confidential; Drilling;
and Permitted Location to Drill. The table is updated as new information becomes
available on the NDIC website at https://www.dmr.nd.gov/oilgas/. Included on the
table are NDIC file numbers which can be used when searching for information for
each well listed on the BRI webpage. Individuals may subscribe to the NDIC
website following the prompts on the homepage. A premium service subscription is
also available for a fee.   
  Currently, most of the
leases covering the Company s mineral acres contain what is commonly referred to
as  continuous drilling clauses.  Generally, a continuous drilling clause
requires an operator to maintain active drilling operations in order to hold or
extend an oil and gas lease past its natural expiration date. All the Company s
current leases have active drilling operations and are likely to have active
operations in the foreseeable future.   
   2015 Highlights

Despite low oil and natural gas prices, both oil and
      natural gas production volumes increased in 2015.  

After bottoming in early 2015, oil and natural gas prices
      have generally increased throughout 2015.  

The significant oil and natural gas price decline has
      also driven mineral asset prices down. The Company has been engaged in
      substantial efforts to identify and secure long-term producing
  assets.  

The Company had more than twenty new wells in some state
      of development at year end.  

The Company has made significant strides to resolve
      outstanding litigation.  

The Company has filed two lawsuits during 2015 seeking
      millions of dollars in damages.  

An oil pipeline was approved by the federal government, as well as
the states through which the pipeline is planned to pass. This key infrastructure would greatly reduce the cost associated
      with oil transportation from the Bakken area and enhance well development.
           
  6   

Table of Contents    

  Our long-term plan is
simple: Grow the company through mineral asset acquisition. We focus on
royalties and overriding royalties. These particular asset categories offer risk
and return characteristics that are consistent with our initial promise to the
shareholders and our skill set. We plan to build a portfolio of royalty and
overriding royalty assets that offer differing production cycles, geographic
dispersion, and drilling methods. In addition to the capital we have acquired
through the sale of the Greenfield assets earlier this year, the Company is
seeking additional external capital to support our asset acquisition initiative.
  
  Pursuant to our business
plan and strategy, we have sought out relationships to gather information on
future potential oil and gas drilling projects and explored and contemplated
possible joint partnerships in other drilling programs. The Company remains in
discussion with various groups for strategic partnerships and plans to announce
the completion of such arrangements if and when they are consummated.
  
   Geology of the Bakken
Formation    
  The U.S. Geological Survey
( USGS ) describes the Bakken Formation as  a thin but widespread unit within
the central and deeper portions of the Williston Basin in Montana, North Dakota,
and the Canadian Provinces of Saskatchewan and Manitoba. The formation consists
of three members: (1) lower shale member, (2) middle sandstone member, (3)
upper shale member, and (4) Pronghorn Member. Each succeeding member is of greater geographic extent than
the underlying member. Both the upper and lower shale members are organic-rich
marine shale of fairly consistent lithology; they are the petroleum source rocks
and part of the continuous reservoir for hydrocarbons produced from the Bakken
Formation. The middle sandstone member varies in thickness, lithology, and
petro-physical properties, and local development of matrix porosity enhances oil
production in both continuous and conventional Bakken reservoirs. 
(   source: USGS Fact Sheet, April
2013   ).  
  According to the NDIC s Oil
and Gas Division, the Bakken Shale in the Williston Basin is over 11,000 ft.
deep at the center of the formation and rises to 3,100 ft. on the edges of the
basin. The Bakken Formation is composed of three distinct members. The first
layer averages twenty three feet in depth and consists of blackish marine shale.
The second member runs from 30 ft. to 80 ft. and composed of intermeddled
limestone, siltstone, sandstone and dolomite. The bottom member is a dark black
marine shale that averages 10 ft. to 30 ft. in thickness. All three formations
that make up the Bakken are rich in an organic material called Kerogen. When
Kerogen is heated (thermogenic processes) or broken down by organic means
(biogenic processes), natural gas and oil are created. The Bakken Formation is
capped by a very thick limestone formation called the Lodgepole. It is because
of this limestone cap that there is so much gas and oil trapped in the shale
horizon. The Bakken Formation is what is considered a thermally mature deposit
and the oil from the Bakken has a 41 specific gravity and is deemed to be
commercially high grade crude oil. Generally, the source rock commonly referred
to as the  Three Forks Formation  is located geologically below the Bakken
formation.   
  The geological formation,  as well as many
other criteria, determines the production level of any  commercial wells, which impact the potential future royalty revenue,
if any. The  following profile of the Williston Basin gives an idea as to the value of our  mineral assets. Our leases are in
a geographic area known as the Williston  Basin, which is a large intracratonic sedimentary basin in eastern Montana,
western North and South Dakota and southern Saskatchewan known for its rich  deposits of petroleum and potash. The basin is a
geologic structural basin but  not a topographic depression; it is transected by the Missouri River. The  oval-shaped
depression extends approximately 475 miles (764 km) north-south and  300 miles (480 km) east-west. The map below shows the
general location of the  Bakken Formation and the Alberta Bakken (not intended to show or represent the  location of any oil
fields). (   Source:    
    http://seekingalpha.com/article/284628-the-alberta-bakken-the-smaller-sibling-offers-compelling-prospects   
).   
  7   

Table of Contents    
   
  The smaller area shown in
the northwest portion of Montana shows generally the location of mineral acreage
BRI purchased in Fall 2011 (referred to as the  Duck Lake Property ). Drilling
has not begun on the Duck Lake Property.   
  The Bakken Formation has
received considerable recognition for its oil production capabilities. Oil was
discovered in this formation in 1951 but production was difficult to achieve at
that time. Technological developments and improvements since then have given
operators the capabilities in recent years to develop the formation. In April
2013, the USGS released a report estimating the amount of oil recoverable with
current technology at 7.4 billion barrels. At the same time, the
State of North Dakota also released a report estimating recoverable oil at 2.1
billion barrels. Other industry estimates place the total oil available, which
includes oil that cannot be recovered with current technology, at 18 billion
barrels.   
   Geology of the Three
Forks Formation    
  There are several
formations below the subsurface of the Bakken formation known commonly as the
Three Forks. Evaluative wells have already been drilled to these  benches  of
the Three Forks. Operators have recently begun exploratory drilling into these
benches. Several operators have announced plans to evaluate high density
drilling possibilities to these benches. The graphic below shows a development
pilot program Continental has announced as part of its Three Forks drilling
program. (  http://themilliondollarway.blogspot.com/2013/10/folks-have-been-requesting-graphics-of.html.   
  (   Source: Seeking Alpha    (   http://seekingalpha.com/article/1248431-bakken-the-downspacing-bounty-and-birth-of-array-fracking   )   

8   

Table of Contents    
   
  The drilling pattern in
this graphic is known as array drilling. The offset pattern of drilling is
expected to allow high density drilling for a spacing unit (1,280 acres). The
goal is to increase the number of wells without impacting the number of barrels
produced from each well.   
  BRI receives overriding
royalty payments from wells producing from the Three Forks formation through the
retained overriding royalty from the sale of the Greenfield assets in 2014.
  
   Horizontal Drilling
   
  Horizontal or directional
drilling has revolutionized the way the oil and gas wells are being drilled in
the Williston Basin. The reason that horizontal drilling is changing the oil and
gas business is that a well drilled horizontally through a formation that
contains oil and gas should produce many more times that of a vertical well. A
vertical well will only penetrate a limited area of the productive zone, whereas
a well drilled horizontally may penetrate up to 10,000  of the zone. This also
means that previously tight shale formations such as the Bakken Formation can
result in prolific production.   
  The Bakken Formation has
poor porosity which reduces the ability of the gas and oil to flow out of this
horizon. Recently, horizontal drilling of lateral holes combined with hydraulic
fracturing (commonly referred to as  fracking ) has resulted in substantial
production from thick formations that have poor porosity. It should be noted,
however, that porosity and the permeability of the oil shale rock can vary
widely and unpredictably over short distances, thus dry wells can be found next
to prolific wells with little explanation geologically.   
  Fracking is a procedure
whereby packers (plugs) are set every 250  to 300  and up to ten 2,000
horsepower hydraulic pumps deliver high pressure fluids that contain a high
percentage of round ceramic beads and sand are utilized as proppants and keep
the fissures and fractures open along the bedding-planes that are created by the
high pressure fluids. The fissures and channels created by the high pressure
fluid and held open by the ceramic beads that are left behind; provide a pathway
to allow the gas and oil to flow into the drill hole.   
  Two technologies are
currently being used to enhance horizontal drilling: (1) log while drilling
( LWD ), and (2) drill string radar. LWD uses long sensors which read
gamma radiation given off by the formation, which provides real time information
to the drillers and this information is gathered and assists drillers to drill
in the optimum sections of the formation. Drill string radar provides information to the
driller on the surface as to what direction, angle and depth the well is being
drilled. The combination of the two technologies greatly assists keeping the
drill bit in the optimum location within the Bakken formation. Below is a
diagram example of horizontal drilling.   
  9   

Table of Contents    
    
   Governmental Regulations
   
  We are not directly subject
to various rules, regulations and limitations impacting the oil and natural gas
exploration and production industry as whole, however, operators who operate on
our properties may be impacted by such rules and regulations.   
   Regulation of Oil and
Natural Gas Production.    
  Oil and natural gas
exploration, production and related operations, when developed, are subject to
extensive rules and regulations promulgated by federal, state and local
authorities and agencies. For example, the state of North Dakota and Montana
requires permits for exploration drilling, operation of commercial wells,
submission of several reports concerning operations of wells and imposes other
requirements relating to the production of oil and natural gas. Such states may
also have statutes and regulations addressing conservation matters, including
provisions for the unitization or pooling of oil and natural gas properties, the
establishment of maximum rates of production from wells, and the regulation of
spacing, plugging and abandonment of such wells.   
  Failure to comply with any
such rules and regulations by our operators can result in substantial penalties,
which in turn, may impact the amount of royalty revenue we derive from our
leased properties. Although we believe that we are currently in substantial
compliance with all applicable laws and regulations, to the extent they apply to
us, because such rules and regulations are frequently amended or reinterpreted,
we are unable to predict the future cost or impact of complying with such laws.
Significant expenditures may be required to comply with governmental laws and
regulations and may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition
and results of operations.   
   Environmental Matters
   
  The following environmental
discussion may be applicable directly to our operators; however, we could be
indirectly impacted, since environmental laws and regulations could
significantly impact production of the wells on our properties. Our operators
and properties are impacted by extensive and changing federal, state and local
laws and regulations relating to environmental protection, including the
generation, storage, handling, emission, transportation and discharge of
materials into the environment, and relating to safety and health, as such
regulations relate to our operators. The recent trend in environmental
legislation and regulation generally is toward stricter standards, and this
trend will likely continue. These laws and regulations may:   

require the acquisition of a permit or other
      authorization before construction or drilling commences and for certain
      other activities;  

limit or prohibit construction, drilling and
      other activities on certain lands lying within wilderness and other
      protected areas; and  

impose substantial
      liabilities for pollution resulting from its
  operations.     
  The permits required by our
operators may be subject to revocation, modification and renewal by issuing
authorities. Governmental authorities have the power to enforce their
regulations, and violations are subject to fines or injunctions, or both. In the
opinion of management, we are in substantial compliance with current applicable
environmental laws and regulations, and have no material commitments for capital
expenditures to comply with existing environmental requirements. Nevertheless,
changes in existing environmental laws and regulations or in interpretations
thereof could have a significant impact on BRI, as well as the oil and natural
gas industry in general.   
  The Comprehensive
Environmental, Response, Compensation, and Liability Act ( CERCLA ) and
comparable state statutes impose strict, joint and several liabilities on owners
and operators of sites and on persons who disposed of or arranged for the
disposal of  hazardous substances  found at such sites. It is not uncommon for
the neighboring landowners and other third parties to file claims for personal
injury and property damage allegedly caused by the hazardous substances released
into the environment. The Federal Resource Conservation and Recovery Act
( RCRA ) and comparable state statutes govern the disposal of  solid waste  and
 hazardous waste  and authorize the imposition of substantial fines and
penalties for noncompliance. Although CERCLA excludes petroleum from  its definition of  hazardous substance,  state
laws affecting our operators may impose clean-up liability relating to petroleum
and petroleum related products. In addition, although RCRA classifies certain
oil field wastes as  non-hazardous,  such exploration and production wastes
could be reclassified as hazardous wastes thereby making such wastes subject to
more stringent handling and disposal requirements.    
  10   

Table of Contents    
  Our operations are also
subject to the federal Clean Water Act and analogous state laws. The Clean Water
Act and similar state acts regulate other discharges of wastewater, oil, and
other pollutants to surface water bodies, such as lakes, rivers, wetlands, and
streams. Failure to obtain permits for such discharges could result in civil and
criminal penalties, orders to cease such discharges, and costs to remediate and
pay natural resources damages. Under the Clean Water Act, the Environmental
Protection Agency ( EPA ) has adopted regulations concerning discharges of storm
water runoff. This program requires covered facilities to obtain individual
permits, or seek coverage under a general permit. Some of our properties may
require permits for discharges of storm water runoff and our operators may apply
for storm water discharge permit coverage and updating storm water discharge
management practices at some of our facilities. These laws also require the
preparation and implementation of Spill Prevention, Control, and Countermeasure
Plans in connection with on-site storage of significant quantities of oil.
  
  The Federal Clean Air Act
and comparable state laws regulate emissions of various air pollutants through
air emissions permitting programs and the imposition of other requirements. In
addition, the EPA has developed and continues to develop stringent regulations
governing emissions of toxic air pollutants at specified sources. Federal and
state regulatory agencies can impose administrative, civil and criminal
penalties for non-compliance with air permits or other requirements of the
federal Clean Air Act and associated state laws and regulations. The operations
provided by our operators, may be, in certain circumstances and locations,
subject to permits and restrictions under these statutes for emissions of air
pollutants.   
  The Endangered Species Act
( ESA ) seeks to ensure that activities do not jeopardize endangered or
threatened animal, fish and plant species, nor destroy or modify the critical
habitat of such species. Under ESA, exploration and production operations, as
well as actions by federal agencies, may not significantly impair or jeopardize
the species or its habitat. ESA provides for criminal penalties for willful
violations of the Act. Other statutes that provide protection to animal and
plant species and that may apply to our operations include, but are not
necessarily limited to, the Fish and Wildlife Coordination Act, the Fishery
Conservation and Management Act, the Migratory Bird Treaty Act and the National
Historic Preservation Act. Although we believe that our operations will be in
substantial compliance with such statutes, any change in these statutes or any
reclassification of a species as endangered could subject BRI to significant
expenses to modify our operations or could force BRI to discontinue certain
operations altogether.   
   Competition
   
  The oil and natural gas
industry is intensely competitive, and we compete with numerous other oil and
gas exploration and production companies who may also be seeking oil well
operators for leasehold interests. Many of these companies have substantially
greater resources than we have. Not only do they explore for and produce oil and
natural gas, but many also carry on midstream and refining operations and market
petroleum and other products on a regional, national or worldwide basis. The
operations of other companies may be able to pay more for exploratory prospects
and productive oil and natural gas properties. They may also have more resources
to define, evaluate, bid for, and purchase more properties and prospects than
our financial or human resources permit.   
  Our larger or integrated
competitors may have the resources to be better able to absorb the burden of
existing, and any changes to federal, state, and local laws and regulations more
easily than we can, which would adversely affect our competitive position. Our
ability to determine reserves and acquire additional properties in the future
will be dependent upon our ability and resources to evaluate and select suitable
properties and to consummate transactions in this highly competitive
environment. In addition, we may be at a disadvantage in producing oil and
natural gas properties and bidding for exploratory prospects, because we have
fewer financial and human resources than many other companies in our industry.
Should a larger and better financed company decide to directly compete with us,
and be successful in its efforts, our business could be adversely affected.
  
   Marketing and Customers
   
  The market for oil and
natural gas that we will produce depends on factors beyond our control,
including the extent of domestic production and imports of oil and natural gas,
the proximity and capacity of natural gas pipelines and other transportation
facilities, demand for oil and natural gas, the marketing of competitive fuels
and the effects of state and federal regulation. The oil and gas industry also
competes with other industries in supplying the energy and fuel requirements of
industrial, commercial and individual consumers.   
  Our production royalties
derived from oil and gas production from our properties are expected to be sold
by the Lessees at prices tied to the spot oil markets. We derive certain royalty
revenues from gas produced from wells drilled on our property, but currently
this amount is small relative to the royalties we receive from oil production.
We will be required to rely on the Lessees to market and sell any future gas
production.   
   Employees/Consultants
   
  We currently have one full-time employee: Karen  Midtlyng, Secretary and
Director. As of December 31, 2015, Val M. Holms, our President,
Chief Executive Officer, and Chairman, was on leave of
absence from the Company. Dan Anderson, Chief Financial Officer, is an independent contractor.
All of our appointed executives have entered into written employments
agreements. As drilling production activities continue to increase by our
Lessees, and if additional revenue from production royalties develops as
anticipated and continues to increase, we may hire additional technical,
operational or administrative personnel as appropriate. We are using and will
continue to use the services of independent consultants and contractors to
perform various professional services. We believe that this use of third-party
service providers may enhance our ability to contain general and administrative
expenses.    
  11   

Table of Contents    
   Office Location
   
  Our offices are located at
825 Great Northern Boulevard, Expedition Block, Suite 304, Helena, MT 59601.
  
   Available
Information Reports to Security Holders    
  Our website address is
  www.bakkenresourcesinc.com  . We
make available on this website under  Company SEC Filings  free of charge, our
annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on
Form 8-K, Section 16 reports for officers and directors, and amendments to those
reports as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file those
materials with, or furnish those materials to, the SEC. These filings are also
available to the public at the SEC's Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE,
Room 1580, Washington, DC 20549. The public may obtain information on the
operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330.
Electronic filings with the SEC are also available on the SEC internet website
at   www.sec.gov  .   
  In addition, BRI regularly
monitors and maintains information relating to drilling activity on wells which
it has a mineral interest. Such information can also be found on our website.
  
  12   

Table of Contents    
     ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS
   
   You should carefully
consider the risks, uncertainties and other factors described below. The
statements contained or incorporated herein that are not historic facts are
forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties that
could cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in or
implied by forward-looking statements. Any of the factors could materially and
adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results and
prospects and could negatively impact the market price of our common stock.
Also, you should be aware that the risks and uncertainties described below are
not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties, of which we are
not yet aware, or that we currently consider to be immaterial may also impair
our business operations.    
   Risks Related to Our
Company    
    We are an early stage
company that may never attain profitability.     
  The business of acquiring,
exploring for, developing and producing hydrocarbon reserves is inherently
risky. We have a limited operating history for you to consider in evaluating our
business and prospects. Our operations are therefore subject to all of the risks
inherent in acquiring, exploring for, developing and producing hydrocarbon
reserves, particularly in light of our limited experience in undertaking such
activities. We may never overcome these obstacles.   
  Our business is speculative
and dependent upon the implementation of our business plan and our ability to
enter into agreements with third parties for the rights to exploit potential oil
and natural gas reserves on terms that will be commercially viable for us.
  
    Our current business
model relies exclusively on uncertain future royalty payments as a source of
future revenue. We have no influence on the activities conducted by the Lessees
with regards to the exploitation of mineral rights owned by the Company.
    
  Our current business model
relates to the potential generation of revenue from royalties tied to certain
leases. These leases have been granted to experienced exploration and operating
companies, all of whom have prior experience in drilling deep lateral
multi-fracture horizontal wells. Until such time as wells are drilled on
property where the Company owns mineral rights; any future income will be
uncertain. Pursuant to the terms and conditions of the leases, we have no
influence with regard to when the drilling will be undertaken, no decision
making ability as to the location of any future wells and no influence as to the
rate the wells are produced, if the operators are successful, of which there is
no assurance. In the event the Lessees fail to meet their drilling commitment,
the company has only three options: 1) it can agree to grant an extension; 2) it
can renegotiate the terms of the existing leases; or 3) it can legally terminate
the leases.   
    We may be unable to
obtain additional capital or generate significant production royalty income that
we will require to implement our business plan, which could restrict our ability
to grow.     
  We expect that our current
capital and our other existing resources will be sufficient only to provide a
limited amount of working capital, and the potential of production royalty
revenues generated from our oil and gas mineral rights properties, of which
there is no assurance, may not be sufficient to fund both our continuing
operations and our planned growth. We may require additional capital to continue
to operate our business beyond the initial phase of development and to further
expand our exploration and development programs to additional properties. We may
be unable to obtain additional capital, and if we are able to secure additional
capital, it may not be pursuant to terms deemed to be favorable to BRI and its
shareholders.   
  Future acquisitions and
future exploration, development, production and marketing activities, as well as
our administrative requirements (such as salaries, insurance expenses and
general overhead expenses, as well as legal compliance costs and accounting
expenses) may require a substantial amount of additional capital and cash flow.
  
  We may pursue sources of
additional capital through various financing transactions or arrangements,
including joint venturing of projects, debt financing, equity financing or other
means. We may not be successful in locating suitable financing transactions in
the time period required or at all, and we may not obtain the capital we require
by other means. If we do not succeed in raising additional capital, our
resources may not be sufficient to fund our planned operations going forward
beyond twelve months from now.   
  Any additional capital
raised through the sale of equity may dilute the ownership percentage of our
stockholders. This could also result in a decrease in the fair market value of
our equity securities because our assets would be owned by a larger pool of
outstanding equity. The terms of securities we issue in future capital
transactions may be more favorable to our new investors, and may include
preferences, superior voting rights and the issuance of other derivative
securities, and issuances of incentive awards under equity employee incentive
plans, which may have a further dilutive effect.   
  13   

Table of Contents    
  Our ability to obtain
financing may be impaired by such factors as the capital markets (both generally
and in the oil and gas industry in particular), our status as a new enterprise
without a significant demonstrated operating history, production royalty revenue
from our mineral rights property, currently our only oil and natural gas
property and prices of oil and natural gas on the commodities markets (which
will impact the amount of asset-based financing available to us) and/or the loss
of key management. Further, if oil and/or natural gas prices on the commodities
markets decline, our revenues from the anticipated royalties will decrease and
such decreased revenues may increase our requirements for capital. If the amount
of capital we are able to raise from financing activities, together with our
revenues from operations, is not sufficient to satisfy our capital needs (even
to the extent that we reduce our operations), we may be required to cease our
operations.   
  We may incur substantial
costs in pursuing future capital financing, including investment banking fees,
legal fees, accounting fees, securities law compliance fees, printing and
distribution expenses and other costs. We may also be required to recognize
non-cash expenses in connection with certain securities we may issue, such as
convertible notes, which may adversely impact our financial condition.
  
    Under the terms of
the lease agreements with our Lessees, we have very little control over how many
wells our Lessees drill on our properties or how much they produce.
    
  Our current business model
relates to the potential generation of revenue from royalties tied to certain
leases on property covered in part by mineral rights owned by us. These leases
have been granted to Lessees who are experienced exploration and operating oil
companies, who have prior experience in drilling deep lateral multi-fracture
horizontal wells. Pursuant to the terms and conditions of the leases, we have no
influence with regard to when the drilling will be undertaken, no decision
making ability as to the location of any future wells and no influence as to the
rate the wells are produced, if the operators are successful, of which there is
no assurance   
  The success and timing of
development activities by Lessees will depend on a number of factors that will
largely be out of our control, including:  

the timing and amount of capital
  expenditures  

their expertise and financial resources  

approval of other participants in drilling
    wells  

selection of technology  

the rate of
      production of reserves, if any     
    We have no control
over the operational effectiveness or financial wherewithal of our operators.
    
  Our current business model
relies heavily upon our operators and their operational effectiveness and
financial wherewithal. Therefore, our operating revenue and cash flow may be
heavily impacted if our operators are not effective or accurate when determining
our net royalty revenue.   
  Similarly, our business
model is heavily predicated upon out operators  ability to pay royalty when due
and to have sufficient capital to maintain existing wells and to drill new
wells.   
    We have limited
previous operating history in the oil and gas industry, which may raise
substantial doubt as to our ability to successfully develop profitable business
operations.     
  We have a limited operating
history. Our business operations must be considered in light of the risks,
expenses, and difficulties frequently encountered in establishing a business in
the oil and natural gas industries. There is nothing at this time on which to
base an assumption that our business operations will prove to be successful in
the long-term. Our future operating results will depend on many factors, such as

our ability to raise adequate working
    capital;  

success of our Lessees;  

demand for natural gas and oil;  

competition levels;  

our ability to
      attract and maintain key management and employees; and    

Lessees efficiently
      exploring, developing, and producing sufficient quantities of marketable
      natural gas or oil in a highly competitive and speculative environment
      while maintaining quality and controlling
costs.     
  To achieve profitable
operations in the future, we are primarily dependent upon the oil company
Lessees to successfully execute on the factors stated above, along with
continuing to develop strategies and relationships to enhance our revenue by
financially participating and investing in various drilling programs with third
parties. Despite their best efforts, our Lessees may not be successful  in their exploration or development efforts or
obtain required regulatory approvals on the property where BRI is entitled to a
production royalty. There is a possibility that some, or most, of the wells to
be drilled on our mineral rights properties may never produce natural gas or
oil.    
  14   

Table of Contents    
    Part of our future
strategy may involve actual operations in drilling in existing or emerging oil
or gas plays using some of the latest available drilling and completion
techniques. The results of our potential exploratory drilling in these plays are
subject to drilling and completion technique risks and drilling results may not
meet our expectations for reserves or production. As a result, we may incur
material write-downs and the value of our undeveloped acreage could decline if
drilling results are unsuccessful.     
  Risks that we may face
while drilling include, but are not limited to, landing our well bore in the
desired drilling zone, running casing the entire length of the well bore and
being able to run tools and other equipment consistently through the well bore.
Risks that we may face while completing our wells include, but are not limited
to, being able to run tools the entire length of the well bore during completion
and being able to fracture the formation sufficiently to generate commercially
viable oil or gas production.   
  Our experience with
horizontal drilling utilizing the latest drilling and completion techniques is
limited. Ultimately, the success of these drilling and completion techniques can
only be evaluated over time as more wells are drilled and production profiles
are established over a sufficiently long time period. If our drilling results
are less than anticipated or we are unable to execute our drilling program
because of capital constraints, lease expirations, access to gathering systems
and limited takeaway capacity or otherwise, and/or natural gas and oil prices
decline, the return on our investment in these areas may not be as attractive as
we anticipate and we could incur material write-downs of unevaluated properties
and the value of our undeveloped acreage could decline in the future.
  
    Drilling locations
that we decide to drill may not yield oil or gas in commercially viable
quantities.     
  There is no way to predict
in advance of drilling and testing whether any particular location will yield
oil or natural gas in sufficient quantities to recover drilling or completion
costs or to be economically viable. Despite advancements in technology, there is
no way to determinate whether oil or natural gas will be present or, if present,
whether oil or natural gas will be present in sufficient quantities to be
economically viable. Even if sufficient amounts of oil or natural gas exist, we
may damage the potentially productive hydrocarbon bearing formation or
experience mechanical difficulties while drilling or completing the well,
resulting in a reduction in production from the well or abandonment of the well.
If we drill additional wells that we identify as dry holes in our current and
future drilling locations, our drilling success rate may decline and materially
harm our business. We cannot assure you that the analogies we draw from
available data from other wells, more fully explored locations or producing
fields will be applicable to our drilling locations.   
    Our management team
does not have extensive experience in public company matters, which could impair
our ability to comply with legal and regulatory requirements.
    
  Our management team has had
limited public company management experience or responsibilities, which could
impair our ability to comply with legal and regulatory requirements such as the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and other federal securities laws applicable to
reporting companies, including filing required reports and other information
required on a timely basis. It may be expensive to implement programs and
policies in an effective and timely manner that adequately respond to increased
legal, regulatory compliance and reporting requirements imposed by such laws and
regulations, and we may not have the resources to do so. Our failure to comply
with such laws and regulations could lead to the imposition of fines and
penalties and further result in the deterioration of our business and decreased
value of our stock.   
    If we fail to
maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to
accurately report our financial results or prevent fraud.     
  Internal control over
financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control
over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also,
projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to
the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may
deteriorate. If we cannot provide reliable financial reports or prevent fraud,
our reputation and operating results could be harmed. We cannot be certain that
our efforts to maintain our internal controls will be successful, that we will
be able to maintain adequate controls over our financial processes and reporting
in the future or that we will be able to continue to comply with our obligations
under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Any failure to maintain
effective internal controls, or difficulties encountered in implementing or
improving our internal controls, could harm our operating results or cause us to
fail to meet certain reporting obligations.   
  15   

Table of Contents    
    Our lack of
diversification will increase the risk of an investment in BRI, and our
financial condition and results of operations may deteriorate if we fail to
diversify    .   
  Our business focus
predominately is on the oil and gas industry on our oil and gas mineral rights
property, located in McKenzie County, North Dakota. Larger companies have the
ability to manage their risk by diversification. However, we currently lack
diversification, in terms of both the nature and geographic scope of our
business. As a result, we will likely be impacted more acutely by factors
affecting our industry or the regions in which we operate than we would if our
business were more diversified, enhancing our risk profile. If we cannot
diversify or expand our operations, our financial condition and results of
operations could deteriorate. We have been solely dependent on the expertise of
our Lessees as the operator of our property.   
    Uncertain future
royalty payments and limited influence on future drilling and exploration.
    
  Our current business model
relates to the potential generation of revenue from royalties tied to certain
leases owned by us. These leases have been granted to experienced exploration
and operating companies, both of whom have prior experience in drilling deep
lateral multi-fracture horizontal wells. Pursuant to the terms and conditions of
the leases, we have no influence with regard to when the drilling will be
undertaken, no decision making ability as to the location of any future wells
and no influence as to the rate the wells are produced, there are no assurances
as to the success of the operators.   
    Strategic
relationships upon which we rely may change, which could diminish our ability to
conduct our operations.     
  Our ability to successfully
acquire additional mineral rights properties, to participate in drilling
opportunities, and to identify and enter into commercial arrangements with other
third party companies will depend on developing and maintaining close working
relationships with industry participants and on our ability to select and
evaluate suitable properties and to consummate transactions in a highly
competitive environment. These realities are subject to change and may impair
our ability to grow.   
  To continue to develop our
business, we will endeavor to use the business relationships of our management
to identify, screen, and enter into strategic relationships, which may take the
form of joint ventures with other private parties and contractual arrangements
with other operating oil and gas exploration companies. We may not be able to
establish these strategic relationships, or if established, we may not be able
to maintain them. Even if we are able to engage in joint venture and enter into
strategic investment relationships with existing operators, they may not be
pursuant to terms and conditions that are favorable to us. In addition, the
dynamics of our relationships with strategic partners may require us to incur
expenses or undertake activities we would not otherwise be inclined to in order
to fulfill our obligations to these partners or maintain our relationships. If
our strategic relationships are not established or maintained, our business
prospects may be limited, which could diminish our ability to conduct our
operations.   
    Our property
acquisition strategy subjects us to the risks and inherent uncertainties
associated with evaluating properties for which limited information is
available.     
  Our decision to acquire a
property will depend in part on the evaluation of data obtained from production
reports and engineering studies, geophysical and geological analyses and seismic
and other information, the results of which are often inconclusive and subject
to various interpretations. Also, our reviews of acquired properties are
inherently incomplete because it generally is not feasible to perform an
in-depth review of the individual properties involved in each acquisition. Even
a detailed review of records and properties may not necessarily reveal existing
or potential problems, nor will it permit us to become sufficiently familiar
with the properties to assess fully their deficiencies and potential.
Inspections may not always be performed on every well, and environmental
problems, such as ground water contamination, are not necessarily observable
even when an inspection is undertaken.   
  Any acquisition involves
other potential risks, including, among other things:   

The validity of our
      assumptions about reserves, future production, revenues and costs

A decrease in our liquidity by using a
      significant portion of our cash from operations or borrowing capacity to
      finance acquisitions  

A significant increase in our interest expense
      or financial leverage if we incur additional debt to finance
    acquisitions  

The assumption of unknown liabilities, losses
      or costs for which we are not indemnified or for which our indemnity is
      inadequate  

An inability to hire, train or retain qualified
      personnel to manage and operate our growing business and assets  

An increase in our
      costs or a decrease in our revenues associated with any potential royalty
      owner or landowner claims or disputes     
    Fierce market
competition may impair our business.     
  The oil and gas industry is
highly competitive. Holding valuable land interests is our primary means of
income, and competition for acquiring such properties in the Bakken and Three
Forks regions is highly competitive. Even once we acquire valuable properties,
our Lessees face an additional layer of competition related to generating
revenue from production. We have no control over  our Lessees  ability to succeed in a highly competitive market.
Nonetheless, our sole source of revenue (i.e. royalties stemming from successful
operation by our Lessees) relies entirely on our Lessees  success. Competition
has become increasingly intense as prices of oil and natural gas on the
commodities markets have increased in recent years.    
  16   

Table of Contents    
  Additionally, other
companies engaged in our line of business may compete with us from time to time
in obtaining capital from investors. Competitors include larger companies, who
may have a significant competitive advantage due to their access to greater
resources, greater ability to recruit and retain qualified employees, and even
conduct their own refining and petroleum marketing operations. In addition,
actual or potential competitors may be strengthened through the acquisition of
additional assets and interests. If we are unable to compete effectively or
adequately respond to competitive pressures, this inability may materially
adversely affect our results of operation and financial condition.   
    Seasonal weather
conditions adversely affect operators  ability to conduct drilling activities in
the areas where our properties are located.     
  Seasonal weather conditions
can limit drilling and producing activities and other operations in our
operating areas and as a result, a majority of the drilling on our properties is
generally performed during the summer and fall months. These seasonal
constraints can pose challenges for meeting well drilling objectives and
increase competition for equipment, supplies and personnel during the summer and
fall months, which could lead to shortages and increase costs or delay
operations. Additionally, many municipalities impose weight restrictions on the
paved roads that lead to jobsites due to the muddy conditions caused by spring
thaws. This could limit access to jobsites and operators  ability to service
wells in these areas.   
    Reliance on
Consultants     
  Since Bakken uses a number
of consultants, such consultants may not be subject to the standard internal
controls that the Company has for its employees. Therefore, certain risks may be
difficult for the Company to detect with respect to its consultants, such as
direct, day-to-day oversight of consultant activities.   
    Net Royalty Interest
Volatility       
  The Company s cumulative
net royalty interest is a result of (a) the product of net mineral acreage for
each well and (b) the royalty percentage divided by (c) the spacing unit acreage
declared by the state of North Dakota. The Company s cumulative net royalty
interest is subject to volatility for the following reasons:   

  1)    Split Mineral Estate   : When the minerals were transferred into the Company from Holms Energy LLC., only the mineral rights from the surface to the
base of the Bakken formation were transferred. Therefore, the Company does not
accrue royalty revenue from gross production from the any formation below the
Bakken formation relating to the mineral rights that were purchased from Holms
Energy LLC.   
  However, the Company also
purchased mineral rights in 2010, which the Company refers to as the  Greenfield
minerals.  The Greenfield minerals included all mineral rights from the surface
to the basement, including the Three Forks formation. These mineral rights were
sold to Athene Insurance Company in 2014 (the  Athene Transaction ). The Company
reserved a 2% retained royalty (override) from that sale. Therefore, the company
receives a 2% retained royalty on gross production emanating from the Three
Forks formation.   
  Following the Athene
Transaction, as new wells begin producing, those producing from the Three Forks
formation are subject only to a 2% retained royalty. Therefore, Three Forks
formation producing wells reduce the company s overall net royalty interest and
revenue.   
  2)    Varying Lease Royalty Percentages   : The Company has sixteen different leases, each
with stated royalty percentages that vary from 16% to 20%. Each lease can
support many wells. Therefore, the Company s cumulative net royalty interest is
affected by the number of wells producing from each lease. If more wells are
producing from leases with lower stated royalty percentages, this will reduce
the Company s net royalty interests and reduce revenue as well.   
  17   

Table of Contents    
   Risks Related to the
Ownership of Bakken Resources, Inc. Common Stock    
    Our stock has a low
trading volume and price.     
  Although our common stock
is approved for trading on the OTC Bulletin Board, there has been little, if
any, trading activity in the stock. Accordingly, there is no history on which to
estimate the future trading price range of the common stock. If the common stock
trades below $5.00 per share, trading in the common stock will be subject to the
requirements of certain rules promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), which require additional disclosure by
broker-dealers in connection with any trades involving a stock defined as a
penny stock (generally, any non-FINRA equity security that has a market price
share of less than $5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions). Such rules
require the delivery, prior to any penny stock transaction, of a disclosure
schedule explaining the penny stock market and the risks associated therewith
and impose various sales practice requirements on broker-dealers who sell penny
stocks to persons other than established customers and accredited investors
(generally defined as an investor with a net worth, not including the primary
residence, in excess of $1,000,000 or annual income exceeding $200,000
individually or $300,000 together with a spouse). For these types of
transactions, the broker-dealer must make a special suitability determination
for the purchaser and have received the purchaser s written consent to the
transaction prior to the sale. The broker-dealer also must disclose the
commissions payable to the broker-dealer, current bid and offer quotations for
the penny stock and, if the broker-dealer is the sole market-maker, the
broker-dealer must disclose this fact and the broker-dealer s presumed control
over the market. Such information must be provided to the customer orally or in
writing before or with the written confirmation of trade sent to the customer.
Monthly statements must be sent disclosing recent price information for the
penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market in penny
stocks. The additional burdens imposed upon broker-dealers by such requirements
could discourage broker-dealers from effecting transactions in the common stock
which could severely limit the market liquidity of the common stock and the
ability of holders of the common stock to sell it.   
    Our Articles of
Incorporation or Bylaws may require us to  indemnify our  officers or
directors.     
  Our Articles of
Incorporation includes provisions to eliminate, to the fullest extent permitted
by Nevada General Corporation Law, the personal liability of directors and
officers of BRI for monetary damages arising from a breach of their fiduciary
duties as directors. The Articles of Incorporation also includes provisions to
the effect that we shall, to the maximum extent permitted from time to time
under the laws of the State of Nevada, indemnify any director or officer. In
addition, our bylaws require us to indemnify, to the fullest extent permitted by
law, any director, officer, employee or agent of BRI for acts which such person
reasonably believes are not in violation of our corporate purposes as set forth
in the Articles of Incorporation.   
    Potential future
issuances of additional common or preferred stock would dilute our current
stockholders.     
  We are authorized to issue
up to 100,000,000 shares of common stock. To the extent of such authorization,
the board of directors of BRI will have the ability, without seeking stockholder
approval, to issue additional shares of common stock in the future for such
consideration as the board of directors may consider sufficient. The issuance of
additional common stock in the future will reduce the proportionate ownership
and voting power of the common stock offered hereby. We are also authorized to
issue up to 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, the rights and preferences of
which may be designated in series by the board of directors. To the extent of
such authorization, such designations may be made without stockholder approval.
The designation and issuance of series of preferred stock in the future would
create additional securities which would have dividend and liquidation
preferences over the currently outstanding common stock. In addition, the
ability to issue any future class or series of preferred stock could impede a
non-negotiated change in control and thereby prevent stockholders from obtaining
a premium for their common stock.   
    There is no assurance
that a liquid public market for our common stock will develop.
    
  Although our common stock
is eligible for quotation on the OTC Bulletin Board and Pink Sheets, there has
been no established trend
of significant trading. There has been no long term established public
trading market for our common stock, and there can be no assurance that a
regular and established market will be developed and maintained for the
securities in the future. There can also be no assurance as to the depth or
liquidity of any market for the common stock or the prices at which holders may
be able to sell the shares.   
    The market price of
our common stock is, and is likely to continue to be, highly volatile and
subject to wide fluctuations     
  In the event that a public
market for our common stock is created, market prices for the common stock will
be influenced by many factors, some of which are beyond our control, including:

Dilution caused by our issuance of additional shares of
      common stock and other forms of equity securities, which we expect to make
      in connection with future capital financings to fund our operations and
      growth, to attract and retain valuable personnel and in connection with
      future strategic partnerships with other companies  

Announcements of new acquisitions, reserve discoveries or
      other business initiatives by our competitors  

Our ability to take
      advantage of new acquisitions, reserve discoveries or other business
      initiatives     
  18   

Table of
Contents    

Fluctuations in revenue
      from our oil and gas business as new reserves come to market

Changes in the market
      for oil and natural gas commodities and/or in the capital markets
      generally     

Changes in the demand for oil and natural gas, including
      changes resulting from the introduction or expansion of alternative
    fuels  

Quarterly variations in our revenues and operating
      expenses  

Changes in the valuation of similarly situated companies,
      both in our industry and in other industries  

Changes in analysts  estimates affecting our company, our
      competitors and/or our industry  

Changes in the accounting methods used in or otherwise
      affecting our industry  

Additions and departures of key personnel  

Announcements of technological innovations or new
      products available to the oil and gas industry  

Announcements by relevant governments pertaining to
      incentives for alternative energy development programs  

Fluctuations in interest rates and the availability of
      capital in the capital markets  

Significant sales of our
      common stock, including sales by selling stockholders following the
      registration of shares under a prospectus      

  These and other factors are
largely beyond our control, and the impact of these risks, singly or in the
aggregate, may result in material adverse changes to the market price of our
common stock and/or our results of operations and financial condition.
  
    Our operating results
may fluctuate significantly, which cause the price of our common stock to
decline.     
  Our operating results will
likely vary in the future primarily as the result of fluctuations in our
production royalty, assuming commercial oil and gas is discovered on our mineral
rights property. Our revenues and operating expenses, expenses that we incur
regarding investments in drilling programs with other partners, the prices of
oil and natural gas in the commodities markets and other factors, may all cause
significant fluctuations in our operating results. If our results of operations
do not meet the expectations of current or potential investors, the price of our
common stock may decline.   
    We do not expect to pay
dividends in the foreseeable future.     
  We do not intend to declare
dividends for the foreseeable future, as we anticipate that we will reinvest any
future earnings in the development and growth of our business. Therefore,
investors will not receive any funds unless they sell their common stock, and
stockholders may be unable to sell their shares on favorable terms or at all.
Investors cannot be assured of a positive return on investment or that they will
not lose the entire amount of their investment in our common stock and warrants.
  
   Risks Related To the Oil
and Gas Industry    
    Our cash flows, results
of operations, and general financial condition depend to a great extent on the
prevailing prices for crude oil and natural gas.     
  The extent to which we collect
royalties from our operators   currently our sole source of income   relies upon
our Lessees  ability to earn revenue from producing oil and gas on our land.
That in turn depends on prevailing oil and gas prices, and oil and natural gas
are commodities with a history of price volatility that will likely continue.
Profitably exploring and producing oil and gas depends to a large extent on
exploration and production costs. When oil prices are sufficiently low, we or
our operators may obtain less in revenue than is spent on production, which
could result in a loss if not offset by our derivative investment activity.
Price fluctuations of oil and gas have resulted from a wide variety often
unpredictable events or conditions that lie entirely outside of our control.
Although it may be impossible to list everything that could potentially affect
the price of oil and natural gas, the following list is meant to illustrate the
great scope and breadth of factors that may impact oil and gas prices:

Political conditions in the Middle East  

Political conditions in Africa  

Political conditions in South America  

Political conditions in Russia  

Domestic and foreign supply of oil and natural
      gas  

Current prices  

Expectations about future prices  

Global oil and natural gas explorations
    levels  

Global oil and natural gas production
  levels  

Exploration costs     

Development costs  

Production costs  

Delivery costs

Levels of foreign oil and gas imports  

Costs of importing oil  

Cost of importing
      natural gas     

Existence of the Organization of Petroleum
      Exporting Countries (OPEC)  

Whether OPEC agrees to maintain oil
prices  

Whether OPEN agrees to
      maintain production      

19   

Table of
Contents    

Speculative trading of derivative contracts
      based on oil and gas  

Consumer demand levels  

Weather conditions  

Natural disasters  

Risks of operating oil drilling rigs  

Technology impacting energy consumption
    levels  

Domestic regulations and taxes  

Foreign regulations and taxes  

Terrorism and military action in the Middle
    East  

Availability, proximity, and capacity of oil
      and natural gas transportation infrastructure  

Availability, proximity, and capacity of oil
      and natural gas processing plants  

Availability, proximity, and capacity of oil
      and natural gas storage units  

Availability, proximity,
      and capacity of oil and natural gas refinement facilities

Price of alternative forms of energy  

Availability of alternative forms of
  energy  

Global economic conditions  

Environmental regulation and enforcement  

Global drilling
      activity    

Threat of or engagement in armed conflict in
      oil producing regions  

The overall commodities futures market  

Impact of worldwide energy conservation
    measures  

Localized supply and demand  

Changes in supply, demand, and capacity for the
      various grades of crude oil and natural gas  

Rate of future production  

Approval, construction, and use of more
      cost-efficient transportation for produced oil and gas  

Competitive measures
      implemented by our competitors     

A significant or prolonged
decline in crude oil or natural gas price could materially and negatively affect
our liquidity. It could also reduce the cash flow we have in capital
expenditures and other operating expenses. Such declines in price could limit
our ability to access credit and capital markets, which would negatively impact
our results of operations. Oil and gas price reductions also decrease the value
of our properties, which could require us to write down the value of our
property assets. Any of these things could materially and adversely affect our
results of operations, as well as the price and trading volume of our common
stock.   
    Drilling for and
producing oil and natural gas are high risk activities with many uncertainties
that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of
operations.     
  Initially, our future success
will depend on the success of our development, exploitation, production, and
exploration activities conducted by our Lessees as our operators on our mineral
rights property. Oil and natural gas exploration and production activities are
subject to numerous risks beyond our control; including the risk that drilling
will not result in commercially viable oil or natural gas production. Our
decisions to participate in drilling projects, purchase mineral rights, explore,
develop or otherwise exploit prospects or properties will depend in part on the
evaluation of data obtained through geophysical and geological analyses,
production data and engineering studies, the results of which are often
inconclusive or subject to varying interpretations. The cost of drilling,
completing, and operating wells is often uncertain before drilling commences.
Overruns in budgeted expenditures are common risks that can make a particular
project uneconomical. Furthermore, many factors may curtail, delay or cancel
drilling, including the following:   

Delays imposed by or resulting from compliance
      with regulatory requirements  

Pressure or
      irregularities in geological formations     

Shortages of or delays in obtaining qualified
      personnel or equipment, including drilling rigs and CO 2   

Equipment failures or accidents  

Adverse weather conditions, such as freezing
      temperatures, hurricanes and storms  

Unexpected operational events, including
      accidents  

Reductions in oil and natural gas prices  

Proximity to and capacity of transportation
      facilities  

Title problems  

Limitations in the
      market for oil and natural gas      
    Exploration for oil and
gas is risky and may not be commercially successful. Advanced technologies used
by our Lessees cannot eliminate exploration risk, and Lessees falling short of
commercial success could impair our ability to generate revenues.

20   

Table of
Contents    
  Our future success will depend
on the success of exploratory drilling conducted by the Lessees on our mineral
rights property. Oil and gas exploration involves a high degree of risk. These
risks are more acute in the early stages of exploration. Our ability to produce
revenue and our resulting financial performance are significantly affected by
the prices we receive for oil and natural gas produced from wells on our
acreage, if any. Especially in recent years, the prices at which oil and natural
gas trade in the open market have experienced significant volatility, and will
likely continue to fluctuate in the foreseeable future due to a variety of
influences including, but not limited to, the following:   

Domestic and foreign demand for oil and natural
      gas by both refineries and end users  

The introduction of alternative forms of fuel
      to replace or compete with oil and natural gas  

Domestic and foreign
      reserves and supply of oil and natural gas     

Competitive measures
      implemented by our competitors and domestic and foreign governmental
      bodies     

Political climates in nations that
      traditionally produce and export significant quantities of oil and natural
      gas (including military and other conflicts in the Middle East and
      surrounding geographic region) and regulations and tariffs imposed by
      exporting and importing nations  

Weather conditions  

Domestic and foreign
      economic volatility and stability      
  Expenditures on exploration on
our mineral rights property may not result in new discoveries of oil or natural
gas in commercially viable quantities. It is difficult to project the costs of
implementing exploratory horizontal drilling programs on our acreage due to the
inherent uncertainties of drilling in unknown formations, the costs associated
with encountering various drilling conditions, such as over-pressured zones and
tools lost in the hole, and changes in drilling plans and locations as a result
of prior exploratory wells or additional seismic data and interpretations
thereof.   
  Even when used and properly
interpreted, three-dimensional (3-D) seismic data and visualization techniques
only assist geoscientists in identifying subsurface structures and hydrocarbon
indicators. They do not allow the interpreter to know conclusively if
hydrocarbons are present or economically producible. In addition, the use of
three-dimensional (3-D) seismic data becomes less reliable when used at
increasing depths. Our Lessees could incur losses as a result of expenditures on
unsuccessful wells on our acreage. If exploration costs exceed estimates, or if
exploration efforts do not produce results which meet expectations of our
Lessees, exploration efforts may not be commercially successful, which could
adversely impact our Lessees  ability to generate revenues from operations on
our acreage.   
    Estimates of proved oil
and natural gas reserves are uncertain and any material inaccuracies in these
reserve estimates will materially affect the quantities and the value of our
reserves.     
  The process of estimating oil
and natural gas reserves is complex. This process requires significant decisions
and assumptions in the evaluation of available geological, geophysical,
engineering and economic data for such reservoir. Therefore, these estimates are
inherently imprecise. Actual future production, oil and natural gas prices,
revenues, taxes, development expenditures, operating expenses and quantities of
recoverable oil and natural gas reserves will vary from those estimated. Any
significant variance could materially affect the estimated quantities and the
value of our reserves.   
    Our oil company Lessees
may not be able to develop oil and gas reserves on an economically viable basis
on our mineral rights property.     
  If our oil company lessees
succeed in discovering oil and/or natural gas reserves, we cannot be assured
that these reserves will be capable of long-term sustainable production levels
or in sufficient quantities to be commercially viable. On a long-term basis, our
viability depends on our Lessees  ability to find or acquire, develop and
commercially produce additional oil and natural gas reserves on our acreage. Our
future revenue will depend not only on the Lessees ability to develop our
acreage, but also on our ability to identify and acquire additional suitable
producing properties or prospects, to find markets for the oil and natural gas
if we can develop a prospect and to effectively distribute any production into
our markets.   
  Future oil and gas exploration
may involve unprofitable efforts, not only from dry wells, but from holes that
are productive but do not produce sufficient net revenues to return a profit
after drilling, operating and other costs. Completion of a well does not assure
a profit on the investment or recovery of drilling, completion, and operating
costs. In addition, drilling hazards or environmental damage could greatly
increase the cost of operations, and various field operating conditions may
adversely affect the production from successful wells. These conditions include
delays in obtaining governmental approvals or consents, shut-downs of connected
wells resulting from extreme weather conditions, problems in storage and
distribution and adverse geological and mechanical conditions. While our Lessees
will endeavor to effectively manage these conditions, they cannot be assured of
doing so optimally, and they will not be able to eliminate them completely in
any case. Therefore, these conditions could diminish our royalty revenue and
cash flow levels and result in the impairment of our oil and natural gas
interests.   
    Environmental
regulations may adversely affect our business.     
  All phases of the oil and gas
business present environmental risks and hazards and are subject to
environmental regulation pursuant to a variety of federal, state and municipal
laws and regulations. Environmental legislation provides for, among other
things, restrictions and prohibitions on spills, releases or emissions of
various substances produced in association with oil and gas operations. The
legislation also requires that wells and facility sites be operated, maintained,
abandoned and reclaimed to the satisfaction of applicable regulatory
authorities. Compliance with such legislation can require significant
expenditures and a breach may result in the imposition of fines and penalties,
some of which may be material. Environmental legislation is evolving in a manner
we expect may  result in stricter standards
and enforcement, larger fines and liability and potentially increased capital
expenditures and operating costs. The discharge of oil, natural gas, or other
pollutants into the air, soil or water may give rise to liabilities to
governments and third parties and may require us to incur costs to remedy such
discharge.    
  21   

Table of
Contents    
  The application of
environmental laws to our business may cause us to curtail our production or
increase the costs of our production, development or exploration activities.
  
    Federal or state
hydraulic fracturing legislation could increase our Lessees  costs or restrict
their access to oil and natural gas reserves.     
  Hydraulic fracturing is an
important and common practice that is used to stimulate production of natural
gas and/or oil from dense subsurface rock formations. The process involves the
injection of water, sand and chemicals under pressure into the targeted
subsurface formations to fracture the surrounding rock and stimulate production.
Hydraulic fracturing using fluids other than diesel is currently exempt from
regulation under the federal Safe Drinking Water Act (the  SDWA ), but opponents
of hydraulic fracturing have called for further study of the technique s
environmental effects and, in some cases, a moratorium on the use of the
technique. Several proposals have been submitted to Congress that, if
implemented, would subject all hydraulic fracturing to regulation under SDWA.
Eliminating this exemption could establish an additional level of regulation and
permitting at the federal level that could lead to Our Lessees  operational
delays or increased their operating costs and could result in additional
regulatory burdens that could make it more difficult to perform hydraulic
fracturing and increase our Lessees  cost of compliance and doing business. In
addition, the U.S. Environment Protection Agency s (the  EPA s ) Office of
Research and Development is conducting a scientific study to investigate the
possible relationships between hydraulic fracturing and drinking water. The
results of that study, which are expected to be available in draft during 2014
for peer review and public comment, could advance the development of additional
regulations.   
  Moreover, the EPA has
announced that it will develop effluent limitations for the treatment and
discharge of wastewater resulting from hydraulic fracturing activities in 2014.
The U.S. Department of Energy has conducted an investigation into practices the
agency could recommend to better protect the environment from drilling using
hydraulic fracturing completion methods and issued a report in 2011 on immediate
and longer-term actions that may be taken to reduce environmental and safety
risks of shale gas development. Also, in May 2013, the federal Bureau of Land
Management published a supplemental notice of proposed rulemaking governing
hydraulic fracturing on federal and Indian oil and gas leases that would require
public disclosure of chemicals used in hydraulic fracturing, confirmation that
wells used in fracturing operations meet appropriate construction standards, and
development of appropriate plans for managing flow-back water that returns to
the surface. These ongoing or proposed studies, depending on their degree of
pursuit and any meaningful results obtained, could spur initiatives to further
regulate hydraulic fracturing under the federal SDWA or other regulatory
mechanisms.   
  Although it is not possible at
this time to predict the final outcome of these ongoing or proposed studies or
the requirements of any additional federal or state legislation or regulation
regarding hydraulic fracturing, any new federal, state, or local restrictions on
hydraulic fracturing that may be imposed in areas where we conduct business,
such as the Bakken and Three Forks areas, could significantly increase our
Lessees  operating, capital and compliance costs as well as delay or halt our
ability to develop oil and natural gas reserves.   
    Possible regulation
related to global warming and climate change could have an adverse effect on our
operations and demand for oil and natural gas.     
  Based on findings by the EPA
in December 2009 that emissions of GHGs present and endangerment to public
health and the environment because emissions of such gases are contributing to
warming of the Earth s atmosphere and other climatic changes, the EPA adopted
regulations under existing provisions of the CAA that establish PSD construction
and Title V operating permit reviews for certain large stationary sources that
are potential major sources of GHG emissions. Facilities required to obtain PSD
permits for their GHG emissions also will be required to meet  best available
control technology  standards that will be established by the states or the EPA.
The EPA has also adopted rules requiring the monitoring and reporting of GHG
emissions from specified sources in the United States, including, among others,
certain onshore oil and natural gas production facilities on an annual basis,
which includes certain f our operations. While Congress has from time to time
considered legislation to reduce emissions of GHGs, there has not been
significant activity in the form of adopted legislation to reduce GHG emissions
at the federal level in recent years. In the absence of such federal climate
legislation, a number of state and regional efforts have emerged that are aimed
at tracking and/or reducing GHG emissions by means of cap and trade programs
that typically require major sources of GHG emissions, such as electric power
plants, to acquire and surrender emission allowances in return for emitting
those GHGs. If Congress undertakes comprehensive tax reform in the coming year,
it is possible that such reform may include a carbon tax, which could impose
additional direct costs on our operations and reduce demand for refined
products. Finally, it should be noted that some scientists have concluded that
increasing concentrations of GHGs in the Earth s atmosphere may produce climate
changes that have significant physical effects, such as increased frequency and
severity of storms, floods and other climatic events; if any such effects were
to occur, they could have an adverse effect on our Lessees  exploration and
production operations.   
  22   

Table of
Contents    
    Our business will suffer
if we cannot obtain or maintain necessary licenses.     
  Our oil company Lessees 
proposed exploration and drilling operations on our mineral rights property will
require licenses, permits, bonds, and in some cases renewals of licenses and
permits from various governmental authorities. Our Lessees  ability to obtain,
sustain, or renew such licenses and permits on acceptable terms is subject to
change in regulations and policies and to the discretion of the applicable
governments, among other factors. Our Lessees  inability to obtain, or our loss
of or denial of extension of, any of these licenses or permits could hamper our
ability to produce revenues from our operations.   
    Lessees may have
difficulty distributing oil or natural gas production, which could harm our
financial condition.     
  In order to sell the oil
and natural gas that our Lessees may be able to produce, they will have to make
arrangements for storage and distribution to the market. They will rely on local
infrastructure and the availability of transportation for storage and shipment
of our products, but infrastructure development and storage and transportation
facilities may be insufficient for their needs at commercially acceptable terms
in the immediate area of our leases. This could be particularly problematic to
the extent that our operations are conducted in remote areas that are difficult
to access, such as areas that are distant from shipping and/or pipeline
facilities. These factors may affect our Lessees  ability to explore and develop
our property and to store and transport oil and natural gas production and may
increase expenses.   
  Furthermore, weather
conditions or natural disasters, actions by companies doing business in one or
more of the areas where our property is located. Labor disputes may impair the
distribution of oil and/or natural gas and in turn diminish our financial
condition or ability to generate royalty income, if commercial wells are drilled
and completed on our property, of which there is no assurance.   
    Challenges to our
property rights may impact our financial condition.     
  Title to oil and gas
interests is often not capable of conclusive determination without incurring
substantial expense. While we intend to make appropriate inquiries into the
title of properties and other development rights we acquire, title defects may
exist. In addition, we may be unable to obtain adequate insurance for title
defects, on a commercially reasonable basis or at all. If title defects do
exist, if a legal dispute concerning such property occurs, it is possible that
we may lose all or a portion of our right, title and interests in and to the
properties to which the title defects relate.   
  If our property rights are
reduced, our Lessees  ability to conduct our exploration, development and
production activities may be impaired.   
    Certain U.S. federal
income tax deductions currently available with respect to oil and gas
exploration and development may be eliminated as a result of proposed
legislation.     
  President Obama s budget
proposal for fiscal year 2014 recommended the elimination of certain key United
States federal income tax preferences currently available to oil and natural gas
exploration and production companies. These changes include, but are not limited
to, (i) the repeal of the percentage depletion allowance for oil and gas
properties, (ii) the elimination of current deductions for intangible drilling
and development costs, (iii) the elimination of the deduction for United States
production activities for oil and gas production, and (iv) the extension of the
amortization period for certain geological and geophysical expenditures. It is
unclear whether any such changes or similar changes will be enacted or, if
enacted, how soon any such changes could become effective. The passage of this
legislation or any other similar changes in U.S. federal income tax law could
affect certain tax deductions that are currently available with respect to oil
and gas exploration and production. Any such changes could have an adverse
effect on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows primarily
because such changes may impact the operations of our operators from whom we
currently derive substantially all of our revenues.   
   Risks Related to the
Independent Internal Investigation of the Audit Committee, Our Internal Controls
Over Financial Reporting and Our Failure to Timely File Periodic Reports with
the SEC.      
    Our ongoing
independent investigation by the Audit Committee may uncover corporate
improprieties that may adversely affect our business, financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows.     
  We
created an Audit Committee in December 2014. Among the Audit Committee s five stated
purposes are: overseeing the integrity of the Company s financial statement;
overseeing the Company s compliance with legal and regulatory requirements;
overseeing the registered public accounting firm s qualifications and
independence; overseeing the performance of the Company s independent auditor
and internal audit function; and overseeing the Company s system of disclosure
controls and procedures.   
  23   

Table of
Contents    
  The Audit Committee was
formed as a result of allegations from multiple third parties of potential
improprieties conducted by certain officers of the Company. The ongoing
investigation may uncover certain harmful facts that could adversely affect our
business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows such as
improper accounting procedures and/or fraud.   
    Our Internal
Investigation may prove insufficient to properly address the Company s
improprieties and may leave the Company subject to future litigation,
investigation and regulation.       
  It is possible that the
Audit Committee s internal investigation may not be able to fully realize all
improprieties conducted by the Company s officers and/or the Company itself. As
such, the Company may be subject to future lawsuits or investigations that may
adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and
cash flows.   
    Negative publicity
may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows.     
  As a result of the
restatement of our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2013 and related matters, the
internal investigation conducted by the Audit Committee of the Company s Board
of Directors, and the securities class action lawsuit, we have been the subject
of negative publicity. This negative publicity may adversely affect our stock
price and may harm our reputation and our relationships with current and future
investors, lenders, customers, suppliers and employees. As a result, our
business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows may be
materially adversely affected.   
    We are subject to a
shareholder derivative lawsuit, and this lawsuit and any future such lawsuits or
investigations may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows.     
  We and certain of our
executive officers are defendants in a federal securities class action lawsuit,
which is described in Item 3 Legal Proceedings, which is incorporated by
reference. This lawsuit may divert our attention from our ordinary business
operations, and we may incur significant expenses associated with it (including,
without limitation, substantial attorneys  fees and other fees of professional
advisors and potential obligations to indemnify officers or directors who are or
may become parties to or involved in such matters). We are unable at this time
to predict the outcome of our potential liability in this matter, including
what, if any, action the SEC might take in connection with this matter or the
related internal investigation conducted by the Audit Committee of the Company s
Board of Directors. Depending on the outcome of the class action lawsuit, we may
be required to pay material damages and fines, consent to injunctions on future
conduct, and/or suffer other penalties, remedies or sanctions, some or all of
which may not be covered by insurance. Accordingly, the ultimate resolution of
this matter could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity and ability to meet our
debt obligations and, consequently, could negatively impact the trading price of
our common stock. In addition, there is the potential for additional shareholder
litigation and/or governmental investigations and we could be similarly
materially and adversely affected by such matters. Any existing or future
shareholder lawsuits and governmental investigations and/or any future
governmental enforcement actions could also adversely impact our reputation, our
relationships with our customers, and our ability to generate revenue.
  
    We have incurred and
will continue to incur substantial expenses relating to the Internal
Investigation and may continue to have increased exposure to contingent
liabilities because of improper accounting practices and other potentially
fraudulent activity identified by our Audit Committee
Investigation.       
  As a result of the internal investigation we have incurred and will continue
to incur substantial expenses relating to the internal investigation and related
litigation.   
  Our expenses for legal
counsel may increase due to recent litigation and as a result of our
continued internal investigation. We are also in contact with the SEC regarding
our continued investigation. We may be subject to enforcement actions as a
result of such events, which may impact us adversely.   
  We may also be the subject
of other regulatory or enforcement actions. No assurance can be given regarding
the outcomes from any litigation, regulatory proceedings or government
enforcement actions. The conduct of the investigation has been, and the
resolution of any such matters may be time consuming, expensive, and may
distract management from the conduct of our business. Furthermore, if we are
subject to adverse findings in litigation, regulatory proceedings or government
enforcement actions, we could be required to pay damages or penalties or have
other remedies imposed, which could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows in an
individual quarter or annual period.   
    Management has
identified a material weakness in our internal controls over financial
reporting, and we may be unable to develop, implement and maintain appropriate
controls in future periods.     
  The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002 and SEC rules require that management report annually on the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting and our disclosure controls and
procedures. Among other things, management must conduct an  assessment of our internal control over financial
reporting to allow management to report on, and our independent registered
public accounting firm to audit, the effectiveness of our internal control over
financial reporting, as required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Based
on management s assessment, our Board and officers concluded that our internal
controls over financial reporting were not effective as of December 31, 2015.
The specific material weakness is described in Part II - Item 9A.  Controls and
Procedures  of this 2015 Form 10-K in  Management s Report on Internal Control
over Financial Reporting.  A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination
of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there
is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or
interim consolidated financial statements would not be prevented or detected. We
cannot assure you that additional material weaknesses in our internal control
over financial reporting will not be identified in the future. Any failure to
maintain or implement required new or improved controls, or any difficulties we
encounter in their implementation, could result in additional material
weaknesses, or could result in material misstatements in our financial
statements. These misstatements could result in a further restatement of
financial statements, cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations or
cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information,
leading to a decline in our stock price.    
  24   

Table of
Contents    
  We have work remaining to
remedy the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting.
We are in the process of developing and implementing our remediation plan for
the identified material weakness, and we expect that this work will continue
during the year ending December 31, 2015 and thereafter. There can be no
assurance as to when the remediation plan will be fully developed, when it will
be fully implemented and the aggregate cost of implementation. Until our
remediation plan is fully implemented, we will continue to devote significant
time and attention to these efforts. If we do not complete our remediation in a
timely fashion, or at all, or if our remediation plan is inadequate, there will
continue to be an increased risk that we will be unable to timely file future
periodic reports with the SEC and that our future financial statements could
contain errors that will be undetected. Until the remediation plan is complete
and implemented, we will rely upon additional interim control procedures
prescribed by management, including the use of manual mitigating control
procedures and the utilization of external consultants, to help ensure that we
fairly state our financial statements in all material respects. However, the
establishment of these interim controls does not provide the same degree of
assurance as a fully remediated control environment. For more information
relating to our internal control over financial reporting and disclosure
controls and procedures, and the remediation plan undertaken by us, see Part II
- Item 9A.  Controls and Procedures  of this 2015 Form 10-K.   
     ITEM 2. PROPERTIES
   
   Description of Certain
Property and Leases    
   General    
   Real Estate
Lease      
  On December 1, 2010, BRI
entered into a one-year office lease for its principal office in Helena,
Montana, renewable for up to five years, for a 2,175 square foot executive
office, for a monthly charge of $1,600 for the first year; $1,800 second year;
$2,000 third year; $2,200 fourth year; and $2,500 fifth year.   
   Mineral
Leases      
  As of December 31, 2015 BRI
owns mineral rights for 7,200 (net 1,600) acres in the Bakken/Three Forks in
North Dakota.   
  The BRI mineral rights are
leased primarily to three well operators, Oasis Petroleum, Continental Resources
and Statoil ASA (formerly, Brigham Oil). As of December 31, 2015, we have
received division orders and/or royalty payments for seventy-five wells.
Currently, North Dakota spacing rules authorize up to 190 wells on our acreage.
  
  The following table
presents information about the produced oil and gas volumes for the years ended
December 31, 2015 and 2014. The information comes from the North Dakota
Industrial Commission website and royalty payments received from the well
operators.   

25  

Table of
Contents    
   Key Factors Affecting
Revenue    
  The table in the previous
section immediately above shows an increase in oil production from 2014 to 2015
amounting to 9%, as well as an increase in natural gas amounting to 12% for the
same period. Three key factors drove revenue in 2015: (1) oil and natural gas
production, (2) increased well capacity, and (3) market pricing.   
  Despite a soft price
environment, both oil and natural gas production increased in 2015. During 2015,
six (6) new wells began producing. The strong production from these new wells
compensated for declining production from existing wells. The production decline
curve on shale wells can be significant. After strong initial production,
production volumes begin to fall off each year, often requiring re-fracking.
Therefore, new production volume is necessary to ensure that production volume
will grow. New production that occurred during the fourth quarter drove oil and
natural gas production to the highest levels in company history. Production per
well in the Bakken has gradually increased each year between 2007 and 2014. The
trend shows that though new wells produce more, they decline a lot faster. See:
http://oilprice.com/Energy/Crude-Oil/Bakken-Decline-Rates-Worrying-For-Drillers.html.
Monthly decline rates are erratic and not exact. Well-level data suggest that
output in later-producing months has actually increased in recent years, though
there is still a decline in production past the first few months. See: EIA
Drilling Productivity Report at
http://www.eia.gov/petroleum/drilling/archive/2015/12/ . The estimated annual
decline rate for the Bakken based on the EIA drilling productivity report is
47%, as of July 27, 2015.
http://euanmearns.com/us-shale-oil-drilling-productivity-and-decline-rates/
  
  The Company expects to see
several new wells coming online each year for the next several years. Based on
current well spacing rules promulgated by the NDIC, BRI s existing leases can
support a total of 190 wells. We currently have 110 wells in either the
permitting, confidential, or producing status. Therefore, we have capacity for
80 more wells.   
  The precipitous decline in
oil and natural gas prices during the last quarter of 2014, which continued into
2015, invariably had and will have an impact on production and the timing of new
wells. This sharp price decline has also led to a softening of oil and natural
gas asset values. The  buyers  market  has emerged in the wake of low oil and
gas prices, which has created opportunities for the Company to secure long-term
assets at greatly reduced prices.   
  Flared gas has become a hot
issue in North Dakota. Flared gas is not sold; therefore, it is not included in
royalty payments. The State of North Dakota has implemented rigorous rules
pertaining to flared gas. Consequently, flared gas declined significantly from
2013 to 2014, but increased sharply (157%) in 2015. Flared gas is natural gas
produced from a well that is vented into the atmosphere rather than entering the
gas pipeline. Flaring gas is an integral part of the exploration, production,
and processing of products from shale formations. It is a necessary to test and
control well pressure, is a safety mechanism, and is a process to manage gas
during compression and processing.   
  The Company s royalty
payments from the production vary by well. Wells are drilled in spacing units
which are typically 1,280 acres or two sections but can include up to four
sections. The effective royalty percentage for each spacing unit is determined
based on the amount of mineral interest acreage owned by BRI, the lease rate for
that acreage, and the approved spacing unit. Since the mineral interest owned by
BRI varies by well, the royalty percentage also varies. Our average royalty is
approximately 0.73%. Using the numbers shown above, the reported oil production
was sold at an average sales price of $43.01 per barrel and natural gas was sold
at an average price per mcf of $2.31, gross revenue would be $164 million.
Actual royalty revenue accrued by BRI in 2015 total $868,042 or 0.73% of
gross production revenue.   
  The actual effective
percentage is a product of the strength of production emanating from spacing
units with higher net royalty percentages. The Company s effective royalty
percentage has steadily declined since 2013. The average royalty percentage,
0.73%, is down from 1.35% in 2013. This decline reflects an increase in
production from Three Forks formation wells which only have a small (2%)
retained royalty, thus reducing the overall percentage and a production increase
in spacing units with lower net royalty percentages. We expect to see this
percentage to continue to decrease further.   
   Description of Oil
Leases and Oil Production    
  As of December 31, 2015,
our properties in North Dakota are leased primarily to three operators: (1)
Oasis Petroleum, (2) Continental Resources, and (3) Statoil, ASA. The executed
oil leases cover various parcels of land in the same general region, primarily
in McKenzie County, North Dakota. The leases have lease periods of between 3 and
8 years with starting dates from March 2003 to  December 2009. Currently, most of the leases covering the Company s
mineral acres contain what is commonly referred to as  continuous drilling
clauses.  Generally, a continuous drilling clause requires an operator to
maintain active drilling operations in order to hold or extend an oil and gas
lease past the natural expiration date of the lease. A majority of the Company s
current leases currently have active drilling operations and are likely to have
active operations in the foreseeable future.    
  26   

Table of
Contents    
  The following table
describes in general a representative sample of the Company s leases. From time
to time, leases may be divided or consolidated among various lessees without
prior consent or notification to the Company, and so the table below is intended
for illustrative purposes only.   

Note  :     
      The
      gross and net amounts are slightly lower than amounts that appear
      elsewhere in this document. There are 160 gross mineral acres and 78 net
      mineral acres not covered by lease.     
  The landowner royalty
percentage determines the revenue royalty paid by the contracted oil drilling
company (e.g. Oasis Petroleum) on whatever oil and gas revenue it generates from
the particular lease. To illustrate, if Oasis Petroleum generates $100,000 in
oil and gas revenue from acreage subject to the BRI landowner royalty of 17%,
BRI would receive in royalty payments of $17,000 (assuming that we have 100% of
the acreage under the applicable spacing unit). Assuming revenue generated
stemmed from property subject to Holms Energy s 5% overriding royalty interest
on all oil and gas revenue received by BRI from the assets purchased from Holms
Energy (for ten years, measured from the date of purchase), Holms Energy would
receive a 5% overriding royalty payment of $5,000 from BRI. This would result in
a net payment of $12,000 to BRI. Royalties paid to BRI are adjusted where
appropriate in order to reflect the number
of net mineral acres underlying the spacing under which the producing well is
drilled.   
  27   

Table of Contents    

  Our leases with Oasis Petroleum do not specify which geological formation
must be drilled, but they are specific to oil and gas hydrocarbon drilling. The
leases do not impose any performance criteria on the Lessees except the date
that well must be drilled. We have no control over any operating decisions made
by Oasis Petroleum as it relates to (1) which formation it will drill, (2)
levels at which the well will be produced, (3) who Oasis Petroleum uses as
contractor for drilling and completing wells, (4) who Oasis Petroleum sells the
oil and gas to, or (5) any influence on any aspect of recovery.   
  If a well is drilled and production established, the lease becomes
considered  held by production,  meaning the lease continues as long as oil is
being produced. As of December 31, 2015, drilling activity on the Company s
mineral acreage is likely to hold by production most if not all of the Company s
leases Several of our leases, however, require the operator to have  continuous 
drilling operations which would require the operator to continue drilling
activities in order to qualify the lease to be held by production. Other
locations within the drilling unit created for a well may also be drilled at any
time with no time limit as long as the lease is held by production. The Company
is currently conducting an internal audit of its leases and mineral acreage
holdings.   
  Given the recent drilling activity on our properties as well as the
relatively recent development of horizontal drilling techniques in general, a
proven reserve estimate is not obtainable at this time. Operators have estimated
that the range of recoverable barrels of oil from a particular producing well
can vary from 200,000 to as high as 1,000,000 barrels during its viable
lifetime.       (   Source: http://themilliondollarway.blogspot.com/p/faq.html
   )       
     ITEM 3. LEGAL
PROCEEDINGS.    
   Allan Holms
Litigation      
  On April 2, 2012, BRI was served with a summons relating to a complaint
filed by Allan Holms, both individually and derivatively through Roil Energy,
LLC. Allan Holms is the half-brother of BRI s CEO, Val Holms. The complaint
(filed in the Superior Court of the State of Washington located in Spokane
County) names, among others, Joseph Edington, Val and Mari Holms, Holms Energy,
LLC and BRI as defendants. The Complaint primarily alleges breach of contract,
tortious interference with prospective business opportunity and fraud. The
complaint focuses on events allegedly occurring around February and March 2010
whereby Allan Holms alleged an oral agreement took place whereby he was to
receive up to 40% of the originally issued equity of Roil Energy, LLC. Allan
Holms alleges Roil Energy was originally intended to be the predecessor entity
to BRI. Both Mr. Val Holms, our CEO, and BRI dispute such allegations in their
entirety and intend to and have vigorously defended against such claims. This
case went to trial in November 2013. Following trial, the Court issued
conclusions that the evidence presented in this case did not support Allan
Holms  claims that an oral agreement existed. Post-trial motions are currently
being heard in this case and final judgment is expected to be issued following
the conclusion of such post-trial motions.   
   IWJ
Litigation      
  On June 6, 2012, the Company filed a Temporary Restraining Order (the
 TRO ) and Verified Complaint for Injunctive Relief against McKinley Romero,
Peter Swan Investment Consulting Ltd and IWJ Consulting Group, LLC
(collectively, the  Defendants ), in connection with the Defendants  request to
the transfer agent to remove restrictive legends from an aggregate of 4.7
million shares, which the Company believes were improperly obtained by the
Defendants. The Company obtained the TRO from the Second Judicial District Court
of the State of Nevada, County of Washoe on June 6, 2012 enjoining the
Defendants from seeking removal of the restrictive legends. On a scheduled
hearing on June 26, 2012 the judge in this matter ruled in favor of the
Company s motion for a preliminary injunction. The order granting such
preliminary injunction was issued from this court on August 14, 2012. The
Company obtained a default judgment against the Defendants on June 12, 2014.
  
   Gillis
Litigation      
  In March 2013, the Company received notice of a complaint titled Gillis
v. Bakken Resources, Inc., Case No. A-13-675280-B, filed in the District Court
of the State of Nevada for Clark County. Mr. Gillis, the plaintiff in this
matter (the  Gillis Case ), is the trustee of the Bruce and Marilyn Gillis 1987
Trust. Mr. Gillis is alleging that Company breached certain registration rights
obligations pursuant to an equity investment made at or around November 2010.
The Court in this matter granted class certification and class notice in March
2014. The Company settled this matter in September 2014.   
   Derivative
Litigation      
  In March 2014, the Company received notice of a complaint titled Manuel
Graiwer and TJ Jesky v. Val Holms, Herman Landeis, Karen Midtlyng, David
Deffinbaugh, Bill Baber, W. Edward Nichols and Wesley Paul, Case No. CV14 00544,
filed in the Second Judicial District Court of the State of Nevada for Washoe
County. Mssrs. Graiwer and Jesky, the plaintiffs in this matter (the  Graiwer
Case ), bring action on behalf of the Company derivatively, and the Company is
also named as a nominal defendant. Mssrs. Graiwer and Jesky are shareholders of
the Company and allege breach of fiduciary duty, gross negligence, corporate
waste, unjust enrichment and civil conspiracy against one or more of the named
defendants. The Company and is also informed that each of the other named
defendants denies the validity of the claims made in the Graiwer Case and each
intends to vigorously defend against such claims, as applicable. The plaintiffs
in the Graiwer case have agreed to dismiss all claims against all defendants
except Val Holms, and such dismissal is pending approval by the
court.   
   Edington
Litigation   
  On November 14, 2015, the Company filed a complaint in the Southern District of
New York in federal court against Joseph R. Edington and other related or affiliated
parties (Case No. 15-CV-8686) (the  Edington Case ). The Company alleges, among
other things, that the defendants in the Edington Case have engaged in a systematic and
concerted plan to defraud and harm the Company and its principals since 2010. The
Company's claims include violations of the Civil Racketeering Influenced and Corrupt
Organizations ( RICO ) Act (18 U.S.C.   1964(c)), violations of anti-fraud provisions
under federal securities laws, including Rule 10b-5, fraud, tortuous interference, civil
conspiracy, conversion, and malicious prosecution. Val M. Holms was a co-plaintiff in
the Edington Case but was later removed.  
   Val Holms Complaint   
  On December 10, 2015, the Company filed a complaint against Val M. Holms in Montana First Judicial District, Lewis
  Clark County (Cause No. CDV 2015-954) (the "Val Holms Case"). The Company alleges that Val M. Holms breached
his leave of absence agreement by, among other things, improperly interfering with the Company's internal investigation
and attempting to negotiate a settlement agreement in the Derivative Litigation without knowledge or authorization from
the Company. The Val Holms Complaint has not been served pending resolution of certain matters in the Derivative
Litigation.  
  28   

Table of Contents    
     ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY
DISCLOSURES    
  Not applicable.   
     PART II    
     ITEM 5. MARKET FOR
REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF
EQUITY SECURITIES.    
   Market Information
   
  BRI s common stock was originally approved for quotation on the OTC
Bulletin Board of the National Association of Securities Dealers ( NASD ) on
July 29, 2009, under the symbol  MLTX , and that symbol was changed to  BKKN  on
December 17, 2010. A limited public market for our common stock has developed on
the OTC Bulletin Board. For purposes of this Item the existence of limited or
sporadic quotations should not of itself be deemed to constitute an  established
public trading market .   
  For any market that develops for our common stock, the sale of
 restricted securities  (common stock) pursuant to Rule 144 of the Securities
and Exchange Commission by members of management or any other person to whom any
such securities were issued or may be issued in the future may have a
substantial adverse impact on any such public market. Present members of
management and shareholders at December 2, 2010 when BRI ceased to be a  shell 
company, satisfied the one year holding period of Rule 144 for public sales of
their respective holdings in accordance with Rule 144 on December 2, 2011. See
the caption  Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities , of this Item, below. A
minimum holding period of one year is required for resales under Rule 144 for
shareholders of former shell companies, along with other pertinent provisions,
including publicly available information concerning BRI, limitations on the
volume of restricted securities which can be sold in any ninety (90) day period,
the requirement of unsolicited broker s transactions and the filing of a Notice
of Sale on Form 144.   
  The quoted bid or asked price for the shares of common stock of BRI for
the quarterly periods from January 1, 2015 through December 31, 2015 ranged from
$0.05 to $0.11 per share.  
   Holders    
  The number of record holders of BRI s common stock as of the date of this
Report is approximately 149.   
   Dividends
   
  The payment of dividends is subject to the discretion of our Board of
Directors and will depend, among other things, upon our earnings, our capital
requirements, our financial condition, and other relevant factors. We have not
paid or declared any dividends upon our common stock since our inception and, by
reason of our present financial status and our contemplated financial
requirements, we do not anticipate paying any dividends upon our common stock in
the foreseeable future.   
  We have never declared or paid any cash dividends. We currently do not
intend to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future on the shares of common
stock. We intend to reinvest any earnings or proceeds we may receive in the
development and/or expansion of our business. Any cash dividends in the future
to common stockholders will be payable when, as and if declared by our Board of
Directors, based upon the Board s assessment of:   

Our financial condition    

Earnings    

Need for
    funds    

Capital requirements

Prior claims of preferred stock to the
      extent issued and outstanding    

Other factors, including
      any applicable laws      
  Therefore, there can be no assurance that any dividends on the common
stock will ever be paid.   
  29   

Table of Contents    
   Securities Authorized
for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans    
   Stock Option
Plan      
  The Board of Directors of our predecessor approved the Stock Option Plan
on November 3, 2008 and then on June 16, 2010, authorized an increase in the
total common stock, $.001 par value, available in the Company's 2008
Non-Qualified Stock Option and Stock Appreciation Rights Plan from one million
(1,000,000) shares to five million (5,000,000) shares, to be granted to
officers, directors, consultants, advisors, and other key employees of BRI and
its subsidiaries. This was ratified by the shareholders on November 12, 2010.
The total number of options that can be granted under the plan will not exceed
5,000,000 shares. Non-qualified stock options will be granted by the Board of
Directors with an option price not less than the fair market value of the shares
of common stock to which the non-qualified stock option relates on the date of
grant. In no event may the option price with respect to an incentive stock
option granted under the stock option plan be less than the fair market value of
such common stock.   
  Each option granted under the stock option plan will be assigned a time
period for exercising not to exceed ten years after the date of the grant.
Certain other restrictions will apply in connection with this plan when some
awards may be exercised. This plan is intended to encourage directors, officers,
employees and consultants to acquire ownership of common stock. The opportunity
so provided is intended to foster in participants a strong incentive to put
forth maximum effort for BRI s continued success and growth, to aid in retaining
individuals who put forth such effort, and to assist in attracting the best
available individuals to BRI in the future.   
  The following table sets forth information about the common stock
available for issuance under compensatory plans and arrangements as of December
31, 2015. There are no equity compensation plans not approved by security
holders.   

Plan
      Category  
      Number of
      securities to be issued  
      Weighted-average exercise  
      Number of
      securities remaining   

upon
      exercise of outstanding  
      price of
      outstanding options,  
      available
      for future issuance under   

options,
      warrants, and rights.  
      warrants,
      and rights  
      equity
      compensation plans (excluding   

securities
      reflected in column (a))   

(a)  
      (b)  
      (c)   
   
      Equity
      compensation plan  

approved by
      security holders  
      0  
      $0.10  
      0   
   
      Total  
      0  
      $0.10  
      0     
  The transfer agent of BRI is Nevada Agency and Transfer Company, located
at 50 W Liberty St, Ste 880, Reno, NV, 89501.   
   Recent Sales of
Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Unregistered
Securities      
  Since December 31, 2012, the Company has not entered in any sales of
unregistered securities.   
     ITEM 6. SELECTED
FINANCIAL DATA    
  Not applicable for smaller reporting companies.   
     ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.
   
   Caution Regarding
Forward-Looking Information    
   All statements contained in this Form 10-K, other than statements of
historical facts, that address future activities, events or developments are
forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, statements containing
the words  believe,   expect,   anticipate,   intends,   estimate,   forecast, 
 project,  and similar expressions. Forward-looking statements may include any
statements of the plans, strategies and objectives of management for future
operations; any statements concerning proposed new acquisitions, products,
services, developments or industry rankings; any statements regarding future
economic conditions or performance; any statements of belief; and any statements
of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. These statements are based on
certain assumptions and analyses made by us in light of our experience and our
assessment of historical trends, current conditions and expected future
developments as well as other factors we believe are appropriate under the
circumstances. However, whether actual results will conform to the expectations
and predictions of management is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties
described under  Risk Factors  under Item 1A above that may cause actual results
to differ materially.    
   Consequently, all of the forward-looking statements made in this Form 10-K are qualified by these cautionary statements and
there can be no assurance that the actual results anticipated by management will be realized or, even if substantially realized, that they will have the expected consequences to or effects on our business operations. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such
forward-looking statements as they speak only of the Company's views as of the date the statement was made. The Company undertakes
no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or
otherwise   
  30   

Table of Contents    
   Overview    
  As of December 31, 2015, the Company owns mineral rights to approximately
7,200 gross acres and 1,600 net mineral acres of land located about 8 miles
southeast of Williston, North Dakota. Our current and proposed operations
consist of holding certain mineral rights which presently entitle the Company to
royalty rights on average of a net 12% from the oil and gas produced on such
lands. In addition, we own a 2% retained royalty interest (or its equivalent)
based on approximately 767 net mineral acres which overlap our existing mineral
interest. We have no rights to influence the activities conducted by the Lessees
of our mineral rights. We will primarily focus on evolving the Company into a
growth-orientated independent energy company engaged in the acquisition and
development of oil and natural gas properties; focusing our activities mainly in
the Williston Basin, a large sedimentary basin in eastern Montana, Western North
and South Dakota, and Southern Saskatchewan known for its rich deposits of
petroleum and potash.   
  BRI has continued to evaluate projects potentially complementary to its
core business operations, including projects located in Idaho, Colorado and
Texas.   
  In February 2014, we announced the sale of approximately 767 net mineral
acres for approximately $7.9 million and retained 2% royalty on the sold assets.
  
   Results of Operations
   
  Net comprehensive loss in 2015 was $666,418. BRI s operating results are driven
primarily by overall production, oil and natural gas production unit values, and
professional fee expenses. The operating loss was driven by lower revenue as a
result of lower unit prices and extraordinarily high professional fees.
  
  Overall oil production volume increased more than 9% and natural gas by
23% Average oil and natural gas prices increased from 2014 lows. However, as has
been noted previously, the Company is realizing production growth in spacing
units with lower net royalty percentages. Therefore, increased production yields
less gross revenue to the company.   
  For the year ended December 31, 2015, professional fees were a
significant portion of our operating expense. Professional fees break into the
following four categories: (i) consultant fees totaled $116,724; (ii) legal
costs totaled $882,899; (iii) and (iii) other professional fees (accounting,
auditing, and transfer agent services) totaled $282,200. The consulting and
technical fees include due diligence costs for asset acquisition due diligence.
Legal fees include defense costs for current litigation as well as legal costs
for the internal investigation. The Company anticipates these fees will be fall
in subsequent years as legal costs attributed to frivolous lawsuits end and the
investigation related costs subside. The Company has filed lawsuits in Montana
and New York to recoup many of the costs attributed to the frivolous lawsuits
and the investigation.   
  The following table provide selected financial data about our company as
of December 31, 2015, and December 31, 2014.   

31

Table of Contents    

Net cash used by operating
activities for the year ended December 31, 2015, was $2,195,485 compared to
net cash provided by operating activities of $2,189,938  for  the year ended
December 31, 2014. For the year ended December 31, 2014, our total operating
expenses were $1,740,721 as compared to $(4,292,680) for the year ended December
31, 2014. The decrease in operating expenses is primarily attributable to
decreased depreciation and depletion. We expect our use of cash for operating
expenses to continue at approximately $128,000 per month over the next twelve
months compared to $150,000 per month for the year ended December 31, 2015. This
reduction reflects substantially lower consulting fees, the insurance
reimbursement for legal fees attributed to the on-going lawsuit, and management
effort to reduce costs. Our material financial obligations include legal fees,
public reporting expenses, transfer agent fees, bank fees, and other recurring
fees. Although we expect these costs to fall in 2016, they are still much higher
because of costs related to litigation and the investigation. Once these
extraordinary situations are resolved, we expect operating expenses to fall to
$65,000 per month.   
  There were no unusual or
infrequent events or transactions or any significant economic changes that
materially affected the amount of reported income from continuing operations.
  
   Liquidity and Capital
Resources    
  As of December 31, 2015 we
had cash and investments of $4,234,729. The 2014 sale of the Greenfield mineral rights
contributed significant cash reserves. These cash reserves are necessary to fund
our defense against frivolous lawsuits and to ensure adequate funds exist to
indemnify directors and officers as required by Company bylaws. Given our recent
rate of use of cash in our operations we believe we have sufficient capital to
carry on operations for the next year. Our long term capital requirements and
the adequacy of our available funds will depend on many factors, including the
reporting company costs, public relations fees, and operating expenses, among
others.   
  Liquidity is a measure of a
company s ability to meet potential cash requirements. We have historically met
our capital requirements through the issuance of stock and by borrowings. In the
future, we anticipate we will be able to provide the necessary liquidity we need
by the revenues generated from the royalties paid to us from oil and gas
operations on our existing properties, however, if we do not generate sufficient
sales revenues we will continue to finance our operations through equity and/or
debt financings.   
  The following table
summarizes total current assets, total current liabilities and working capital
at December 31, 2015.   

Current Assets include
cash, accounts receivable, accrued royalty receivable and prepaid expenses. A
significant portion of our current assets comes from accrued royalty receivable.
The Company accrues royalty revenue based on reported production of the wells.
New wells sometimes report production up to 150 days before beginning payments
to royalty owners. This can result in a substantial receivable balance. Based on
past history, BRI expects to receive accrued royalty revenue in full.
  
  32   

Table of Contents    
  Current Liabilities include accounts payable, accrued expenses and the
current portion of long term debt. The most significant portion of current
liabilities comes from accrued expenses and production tax passed to the Company
as part of the royalty payments. Accrued royalty payable is paid only upon
receipt of revenue. Accrued production tax is withheld by the operators from the
royalty payments.   
   Satisfaction of our cash
obligations for the next 12 months    
  Based on an analysis of our current cash position and cash flow the
Company expects to fund our current operating plans internally. The use of
outside funding or joint ventures is an essential element of current operations
as we acquire long  term assets. Such outside funding may be needed if BRI
determines a need to increase operations, or if any of our current expenses
increase significantly or if long-term assets are acquired.   
  Since inception, we have primarily financed cash flow requirements
through debt financing and issuance of common stock for cash and services. As
and if we expand operational activities, we may continue to experience net
negative cash flows from operations, pending receipt of sales or development
fees, and may be required to obtain additional financing to fund operations
through common stock offerings and debt borrowings to the extent necessary to
provide working capital.   
  Over the next twelve months we believe that existing capital and
anticipated funds from operations will be sufficient to sustain current
operations. We may seek additional capital in the future to fund growth and
expansion through additional equity or debt financing or credit facilities. No
assurance can be made that such financing would be available, and if available
it may take either the form of debt or equity. In either case, the financing
could have a negative impact on our financial condition and our Stockholders.
  
  We anticipate the next six months will continue to show net operating
losses. This is due to the combination of low, but rebounding unit prices, and
continuing costs attributed to frivolous litigation and investigation costs. We
have information that an additional eighteen (18) wells are either in production
or are in confidential status. Although we believe that income from our wells
will likely reduce or eliminate operating losses in the near future, we have no
control over the timing of when we will receive such royalty payments. In
addition, there can give no assurance that we will be successful in addressing
operational risks as previously identified under the "Risk Factors" section, and
the failure to do so can have a material adverse effect on our business
prospects, financial condition and results of operations.   
  The tables below show well production listed by formation, wells listed
by status, and total well capacity within current spacing unit rules and
regulations:   
     
   Producing Wells by
Formation    

The charts illustrate several
important points:  

1.  
              
      The number
      of producing wells continues to increase both in the Bakken formation and
      the Three Forks formation. However, we expect to see more wells operating
      in the Three Forks formation in the months ahead. This is significant
      since the company s net royalty interest in Three Forks Formation
      producing wells is substantially lower than those in the Bakken Formation;
      seventeen percent (17%) versus two percent (2%).
     
  33   

Table of Contents    

2.  

The company has
      substantial remaining well capacity within current North Dakota spacing
      unit rules and regulations. Current rules enable a total of one hundred
      ninety (190) wells to be drilled on our current acreage. We presently have  one hundred ten  (110) total wells,
      seventy-five (75) of which are producing. The company is currently at
      fifty eight percent (58%) of total well capacity. However, the Company has
      produced only 27% of proven reserves. Therefore, we expect new wells to
      continue to be drilled on existing acreage, thus continuing to grow and
      expand our revenue base without acquiring additional acreage.

3.  

Each well has a
      declination curve. That is, after initial production, each year well
      production declines until some years later the well runs dry and is
      shut-in. The new well production is necessary to offset the declination of
      existing well production. In 2015, oil production was down one percent
      (1%) from 2013 and natural gas production was up two percent (2%).
           
  Future revenues will be driven by new well production offsetting
declining production in existing wells. Fortunately, the company has
considerable new well capacity to drive future revenue.   
   Off-Balance Sheet
Arrangements    
  We currently do not have any off-balance sheet arrangement that have or
are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial
condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of
operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that is
material to investors.   
   Critical Accounting
Policies and Estimates    
  This discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of
operations are based on our financial statements that have been prepared under
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America requires our management to
make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date
of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses
during the reporting period. Actual results could materially differ from those
estimates. All significant accounting policies have been disclosed in Note 2 to
the consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2015 and
2014 contained herewith. Our critical accounting policies are discussed below.
  
   Use of estimates
   
  The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of
assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at
the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and
expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those
estimates.   
   Revenue Recognition
   
  The Company follows the guidance of the FASB Accounting Standards
Codification for revenue recognition. The Company recognizes revenue when it is
realized or realizable and earned. The Company considers revenue realized or
realizable and earned when all of the following criteria are met: (i) persuasive
evidence of an arrangement exists, (ii) the product has been shipped or the
services have been rendered to the customer, (iii) the sales price is fixed or
determinable, and (iv) collectability is reasonably assured.   
  Under the royalty and lease agreements obtained as part of the exercised
Option to Purchase Asset Agreement, the Company recognizes revenue when
production occurs under our leased property as shown on the operator run tickets
(to determine unit values)and information available through the North Dakota
Industrial Commission s website (production totals). The royalty income that is
calculated monthly may be based upon estimated oil and natural gas unit values
as is necessary.   
     ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE
AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK    
  Not applicable.   
  34   

Table of Contents    
     ITEM 8. FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA   

35   

Table of Contents      
     REPORT OF INDEPENDENT
REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM    
  To the Board of Directors
and Stockholders of Bakken Resources, Inc.    Helena, Montana   
  We have audited the
consolidated balance sheets of Bakken Resources, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the
 Company ) as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, and the related consolidated
statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss), stockholders  equity,
and cash flows for each of the years then ended. These consolidated financial
statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial
statements based on our audits.   
  We conducted our audits in
accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of
material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence
supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit
also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates
made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement
presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our
opinion.   
  In our opinion, the
consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all
material respects, the financial position of Bakken Resources, Inc. and its
subsidiaries as of December 31, 2015 and 2014 and the results of their
operations and their cash flows for each of the years then ended, in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
  
   /s/ Decoria, Maichel,
  Teague    
  Decoria, Maichel,  
Teague P.S.     Spokane, Washington   
  September 30, 2016
  
  36   

Table of
Contents    
     BAKKEN RESOURCES,
INC CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS   
  
   See accompanying notes to
the consolidated financial statements.    
  37   

Table of
Contents    
   BAKKEN RESOURCES,
INC.       CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)   
  
   See accompanying notes to
the consolidated financial statements.    
  38   

Table of
Contents    
     BAKKEN RESOURCES,
INC.     CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER
31,   
  
   See accompanying notes to
the consolidated financial statements.    
  39  

Table of Contents    
     BAKKEN RESOURCES,
INC.     CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   
  
   See accompanying notes to
the consolidated financial statements.    
  40  

Table of
Contents    
     BAKKEN RESOURCES, INC.
   
   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    
   NOTE 1 - ORGANIZATION
AND OPERATIONS    
  Multisys Language Solutions
( MLS ) was incorporated on June 6, 2008 in Nevada. On June 11, 2010, MLS
entered into an Option to Purchase Assets Agreement with Holms Energy to
purchase certain oil and gas production royalty rights on land in North Dakota.
This option was exercised on November 26, 2010. On December 10, 2010, MLS
changed its name to Bakken Resources, Inc. ( BRI ).   
    Formation of BR
Metals, Inc.     
   
  On January 13, 2011, the
Company formed BR Metals, Inc., in Nevada. BR Metals Inc. is a wholly owned
subsidiary of the company. BR Metals, Inc. was designed to engage in the
business of identifying, screening, evaluating, and acquiring precious metals
properties in the Western United States. However, the Company has no activity
and is not actively engaged in securing metal properties.   
   NOTE 2 - SUMMARY OF
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES    
    Basis of
presentation     
   
  The accompanying financial
statements and related notes have been prepared in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( U.S. GAAP ).
  
    Basis of
consolidation     
   
  The consolidated financial
statements include those of Bakken Resources, Inc. and its wholly-owned
subsidiaries, Bakken Development Corp. and BR Metals, Inc. (collectively, the
 Company ). All material intercompany balances and transactions have been
eliminated in consolidation.   
    Use of
estimates         
  The preparation of
financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and
liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of
revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Management s estimates
include estimates in recognizing revenue, determining useful lives of assets and
associated depreciation and depletion methods, stock based compensation, asset
impairments and income taxes. Actual results could differ from those estimates.
  
    Cash
equivalents     
   
  The Company considers all
highly liquid investments with a maturity of three months or less when purchased
to be cash equivalents. Money market funds with a weighted average monthly maturity of less than 90
days are classified as investments available for sale and not cash equivalents.  
    Investments     
   
  The Company s investments
are comprised of fixed income funds, corporate bonds, publicly traded equities,
money market funds and other managed fund investments. These investments are
held in the custody of a major financial institution. At December 31, 2015, the
Company s investments were classified as available-for-sale. These investments
are recorded in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at fair value with net
unrealized gains or losses reported as a separate component of accumulated other
comprehensive income (loss), net of tax.   
  The Company recognizes an
impairment charge when a decline in the fair value of its investments is
considered to be other-than-temporary. An impairment is considered
other-than-temporary if (i) the Company has the intent to sell the security,
(ii) it is more likely than not that the Company will be required to sell the
security before recovery of its entire amortized cost basis, or (iii) the
Company does not expect to recover the entire amortized cost of the security. If
an impairment is considered other-than-temporary the entire difference between
the amortized cost and the fair value of the security is recognized in
operations.   
    Allowance for
doubtful accounts     
   
  The Company evaluates its
accounts receivables for collectability and establishes an allowance for bad
debts through a review of several factors including historical collection
experience, current aging status of the customer accounts, and financial
condition of   our customers. As of
December 31, 2015 and 2014, no allowance for doubtful accounts was recorded.
   
  41  

Table of
Contents    
    Property and
equipment         
  Property and equipment is
recorded at cost. Expenditures for major additions and betterments are
capitalized. Maintenance and repairs are charged to operations as incurred.
Depreciation of property, plant and equipment is computed by the straight-line
method (after taking into account their respective estimated residual values)
over the assets estimated useful life. Upon sale or retirement of equipment, the
related cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and any
gain or loss is reflected in statements of operations. Depreciation expense for
the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 was $5,498 and $8,034 respectively.
  
    Oil and Gas
Properties and Mineral Rights         
  The Company applies the
successful efforts method of accounting for oil and gas properties. The Company
owns royalty interests and one unproved oil and gas interest. The Company
capitalizes asset acquisition costs of mineral rights and leases. Unproved oil
and gas properties are periodically assessed to determine whether they have been
impaired, and any impairment in value is charged to expense. The costs of proved
properties are depleted on an equivalent unit-of-production basis. Total proved
reserves is the reserve base used to calculate depletion.   
    Asset Retirement
Obligations     
   
  The Company follows the
FASB Accounting Standards Codification which requires entities to record the
fair value of a liability for legal obligations associated with the retirement
obligations of tangible long-lived assets in the period in which it is incurred.
This standard requires the Company to record a liability for the fair value of
the dismantlement and plugging and abandonment costs excluding salvage values.
When the liability is initially recorded, the entity increases the carrying
amount of the related long-lived asset. Over time, accretion of the liability is
recognized each period and the capitalized cost is amortized over the useful
life of the related asset. Upon settlement of the liability, an entity either
settles the obligation for its recorded amount or incurs a gain or loss upon
settlement. During 2015 and 2014, the Company has not recorded any asset
retirement obligations.   
    Impairment of
long-lived assets     
   
  The Company follows the
FASB Accounting Standards Codification for its long-lived assets. The Company s
long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in
circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be
recoverable.   
  The Company assesses the
recoverability of its long-lived assets by comparing the projected undiscounted
net cash flows associated with the related long-lived asset or group of
long-lived assets over their remaining estimated useful lives against their
respective carrying amounts. Impairment, if any, is based on the excess of the
carrying amount over the fair value of those assets. If long-lived assets are
determined to be recoverable, but the newly determined remaining estimated
useful lives are shorter than originally estimated, the net book values of the
long-lived assets are depreciated over the newly determined remaining estimated
useful lives.   
  The Company impaired the
value of an asset referred to as  Duck Lake  during the year ended December 31,
2013. The Company also impaired the value of an asset, the Texas working
interest, in the year ended December 31, 2014 (See Note 3).   
    Fair value of
financial instruments     
   
  The Company follows the
FASB Accounting Standards Codification for disclosures about fair value of its
financial instruments and has adopted the FASB Accounting Standards Codification
to measure the fair value of its financial instruments. the FASB Accounting
Standards Codification establishes a framework for measuring fair value in
generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), and expands disclosures about
fair value measurements. To increase consistency and comparability in fair value
measurements and related disclosures, the FASB Accounting Standards Codification
establishes a fair value hierarchy which prioritizes the inputs to valuation
techniques used to measure fair value into three (3) broad levels. The fair
value hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices (unadjusted) in
active markets for identical assets or liabilities and the lowest priority to
unobservable inputs. The three (3) levels of fair value hierarchy defined by the
FASB Accounting Standards Codification are described below:   

Level 1         
       Quoted
      market prices available in active markets for identical assets or
      liabilities as of the reporting date.     

Level 2         
     
        Pricing inputs other
      than quoted prices in active markets included in Level 1, which are either
      directly or indirectly observable as of the reporting date.

Level 3  
     
        Pricing inputs that
      are generally observable inputs and not corroborated by market data.
           
  42  

Table of
Contents    
  The carrying amounts of
financial assets and liabilities, such as cash, approximate their fair values
because of the short maturity of these instruments.   
  The Company has investment
assets (see Note 3) that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis. As of
December 31, 2015 and 2014, the Company also had assets that, under certain
conditions, are subject to measurement at fair value on a non-recurring basis
like those associated with oil and gas producing properties, and mineral rights
and leases, and other long-lived assets. For these assets, measurement at fair
value in periods subsequent to their initial recognition is applicable if any of
these assets are determined to be impaired. If recognition of these assets at
their fair value becomes necessary, such measurements will be determined
utilizing Level 3 inputs.   
    Revenue
recognition     
   
  The Company follows the
guidance of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for revenue recognition.
The Company recognizes revenue when it is realized or realizable and earned. The
Company considers revenue realized or realizable and earned when all of the
following criteria are met: (i) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists,
(ii) the product has been shipped or the services have been rendered to the
customer, (iii) the sales price is fixed or determinable, and (iv)
collectability is reasonably assured.   
  Revenues reflected on the
income statement are net of production taxes, royalty, expense, and other
deductions.   
  Under the royalty and lease
agreements obtained as part of the exercised Option to Purchase Asset Agreement,
the Company recognizes revenue when production occurs under the 14 separate
mineral leases granted or amended between September 9, 2009 and December 10,
2009, whereby: 1) Oasis Petroleum, Inc., 2) Statoil, ASA, and 3) Continental
Resources Inc. purchased the rights to explore, drill and develop oil and gas on
the Holms Property acquired pursuant to the Agreement. The royalty income is
calculated monthly and the Company recognizes royalty income as production is
reported by well on the North Dakota Industrial Commission website. When royalty
revenues are accrued each month, the Company also accrues production taxes and
royalty expense on this production.   
  When royalty revenues are
accrued each month, the Company also accrues production taxes and royalty
expense on this production based on the applicable production tax rates in the
jurisdiction the production occurs and the contractual royalty agreements the
Company has with certain mineral interest holders.  

  In certain instances, the Company may have to estimate unit values for oil and natural gas. In situations where
production has occurred but payment on that production has not been made to the Company, the Company estimates
the unit value of the product sold by reviewing wells in the area and using those unit values.  

Concentrations     

Currently, the Company s
revenue stream derives from three exploration and production companies
(operators): Oasis Petroleum, Continental Resources Inc., and Statoil, ASA.
Royalty revenue from Oasis Petroleum accounts for approximately 60% of our
revenue; Continental Resources Inc. accounts for approximately 38%, with the
small balance remaining derived from Statoil, ASA. Since almost all of our
revenue is from two operators the loss of one or more of these critical
relationships could have a serious and material impact on the Company s results
of operations and cash flow.   
  In addition, the Company s
producing acreage currently resides in a small contiguous geographic area (1,600
mineral acres). This production concentration represents a significant risk to
the Company if this production is disrupted as a result of localized events. A
disruption could have a serious and material impact on the Company s results of
operations and cash flow.   

Reclassifications       
  Certain amounts in the
prior period financial statements have been reclassified for comparative
purposes to conform to the presentation in the current period financial
statements. Reclassified amounts were not material to the financial
statements  .   
    Income
tax         
  The Company accounts for
income taxes under the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. Deferred income
tax assets and liabilities are determined based upon differences between the
financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities and are measured
using the enacted tax rates and laws that will be in effect when the differences
are expected to reverse. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation
allowance to the extent management concludes it is more likely than not that the
assets will not be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured
using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in
which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The
effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is
recognized in the statements of operations in the period that includes the
enactment date.   
  43  

Table of
Contents    
    Net income (loss) per
common share     
   
  Net income (loss) per
common share is computed pursuant to the FASB Accounting Standards Codification.
Basic net income or loss per share is computed by dividing net loss by the
weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period.
Diluted net income or loss per share is computed by dividing net loss by the
weighted average number of shares of common stock and potentially outstanding
shares of common stock during each period to reflect the potential dilution that
could occur from common shares issuable through stock warrants and options. At
December 31, 2014, 282,001 common stock warrants were excluded from the
calculation of diluted loss per share for the years as their effect would have
been anti-dilutive. Since all options and warrants have expired, there is no
longer any potential dilutive effect as of December 31, 2015.   
    Commitments and
contingencies     
   
  The Company follows the
FASB Accounting Standards Codification to report accounting for contingencies.
Liabilities for loss contingencies arising from claims, assessments, litigation,
fines and penalties and other sources are recorded when it is probable that a
liability has been incurred and the amount of the assessment can be reasonably
estimated.   
    Recently issued
accounting pronouncements     
   
  In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-01 Financial Instruments - Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and
Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities. The updates makes several modifications to Subtopic
825-10, including the elimination of the available-for-sale classification of equity investments, and it requires equity
investments with readily determinable fair values to be measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in
net income. The update is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 2017. We are currently evaluating the
impact of the guidance on our consolidated financial statements.  
   NOTE 3   INVESTMENTS
   
  In December 2015, the
Company invested cash into a diversified investment portfolio. The portfolio is
composed of available-for- sale investments consisting of equities, fixed
income, and money market securities as follows:   

The fixed income portfolio
includes one $100,000 bond maturing in 2-5 years and one $100,000 bond
maturing 5-10 years. Tax amounts related to unrealized gains (losses) were
immaterial and all unrealized gains and losses have resulted from changes in
fair value during year ended December 31, 2015.   
  Money market funds, publicly traded equity securities, and other available for-sale
investments are classified within Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy because they are valued
using quoted market prices in active markets. Level 2 corporate bonds were priced by
independent pricing services. These independent pricing services use market approach
methodologies that model information generated by transactions involving identical or
comparable assets.      

  44  

Table of
Contents    
  The table below set forth
the Company s investments measured at fair value on a recurring basis:

Included in investments available for-sale
at December 31, 2015 are domestic securities of $3,753,595 and international securities of $252,183.   
   NOTE 4   OTHER RECEIVABLE
   
  Included in Other
Receivable is an expected reimbursement from the Company s Director and Officer
Insurance policy carrier for lawsuit related costs. Specifically, the Company s
insurance carrier, Scottsdale Insurance Company, has agreed to reimburse for
certain legal defense costs related to the Manuel Graiwer and TJ Jesky on behalf
of Bakken Resources Inc. v. Val Holms, Herman Landeis, Karen Midtlyng, David
Deffinbaugh, Bill Baber, W. Edward Nichols, and Wesley Paul. Insurance
reimbursement is limited to the extent of the underlying policy and to only
those expenditures deemed by the insurance company as essential to the
litigation. The receivable balance is $390,524 as of December 31, 2015, and
$144,913 as of December 31, 2014.   
   NOTE 5   RESTRICTED CASH
   
  At 2014 year end, the
Company had an Escrow account that held the unexpended portion ($595,500) of the
Greenfield asset sale proceeds. The Greenfield sale proceeds were subject to a
section 1031 exchange to minimize the Company s taxable capital gains tax.
Accordingly, the cash was restricted, in accordance with the exchange
regulations, and only available to pay for or reimburse for qualifying
expenditures associated with the asset replacement property. The remaining
restricted funds were fully utilized in early 2015.  
   NOTE 6   ACQUISITION OF
MINERAL RIGHTS    
    Acquisition of
Royalty Interests     
   
  On June 11, 2010, the
Company entered into an Option to Purchase Assets Agreement with Holms Energy,
LLC, pursuant to which Holms Energy agreed to grant Multisys Acquisition an
option to exercise an Asset Purchase Agreement to assign all right, title, and
interest of specific Holms Energy owned assets to Multisys Acquisition, with
Holms Energy members holding a controlling interest in Multisys as a result of
the exercise of the option. The option was exercised on November 26, 2010 and
the Asset Purchase Agreement was entered into on November 26, 2010 by paying the
consideration to Holms Energy detailed in the Asset Purchase Agreement. Under
the Asset Purchase Agreement, Multisys Acquisition paid Holms Energy $100,000,
issued Holms Energy 40,000,000 shares of restricted common stock, and granted to
Holms Energy a 5% overriding royalty on all revenue generated from the Holms
Property for ten years from the date of the acquisition closing. The issuance of
the 40,000,000 shares to the Holms Energy members resulted in a Change in
Control as the Holms Energy members obtained a controlling interest in Multisys.
With the Holms Energy members obtaining controlling interest in the Company, the
mineral rights acquired from Holms were recorded at Holms Energy s cost basis of
zero. The $100,000 cash paid to Holms was recorded as a stockholder
distribution.   
  The Asset Purchase
Agreement related to the acquisition of: 1) certain Holms Energy mineral rights
in oil and gas rights on approximately 7,200 gross acres and 1,600 net mineral
acres of land located in McKenzie County, 8 miles southeast of Williston, North
Dakota; 2) potential production royalty income from wells to be drilled on the
property whose mineral rights are owned by Holms Energy; and 3) the transfer of
all right, title and interest to an Option to Purchase the Greenfield mineral
rights entered into between Holms Energy and Rocky and Evenette Greenfield dated
June 18, 2010 related to purchasing additional mineral rights and production
royalty income on the Holms Property for $1,649,000.   
  The Greenfield Option was
subsequently exercised by Holms Energy on November 12, 2010, and those
Greenfield mineral rights were acquired by Multisys Acquisition through the
Asset Purchase Agreement with Holms Energy. Holms Energy exercised the
Greenfield option and executed the Asset Purchase Agreement on the Greenfield
mineral rights on November 12, 2010 using $385,000 of a $485,000 one month
non-interest bearing loan from Multisys to complete the initial payment of
$400,000, of which $15,000 was already paid by Holms
Energy. The collateral for the loan was the Greenfield mineral rights.   
  45  

Table of Contents    

  Under the terms of the loan from Multisys to Holms Energy, Holms Energy,
in conjunction with the entry into the Asset Purchase Agreement on November 26,
2010, assigned the Greenfield mineral rights to Multisys Acquisition in exchange
for forgiveness of $385,000 of the loan. The other $100,000 of the loan was to
be applied to the Asset Purchase Agreement between Multisys and Holms Energy,
and on November 26, 2010, that $100,000 was applied to the Asset Purchase
Agreement and the loan was forgiven. After exercise of the option and executing
the asset purchase agreement with Holms Energy, Multisys Acquisition purchased
the gas and oil production royalty rights of Rocky and Evenette Greenfield for
an aggregate of $1,249,000 plus interest as follows: installment payments in the
amount of $120,000 per year, or $30,000 per quarter plus interest at 5% per
annum for 8 years and a balloon payment in the amount of $289,000.   
  As of December 31, 2012, the aggregate unpaid balance under the
installment note was $967,119. Under the terms of the agreement, in the event
that a comprehensive mineral title search revealed that the net acres acquired
by the Company were greater than or less than 824.5 net mineral acres, the
purchase price and corresponding installment note would be reduced by $2,000 per
acre. During July 2013, a comprehensive mineral title search was completed and
it was determined that the Company acquired 57 less acres than originally stated
in the mineral rights acquisition agreement. Accordingly, the carrying value of
the proved mineral rights and the amount owed under the corresponding
installment note were reduced by $2,000 per acre, or $114,000. In addition, the
interest previously accrued and paid on this $114,000 of principal was forgiven
resulting in a further reduction of principal in the amount of $11,108 and a
reduction of accrued interest in the amount of $4,500. The Company recognized a
gain on the settlement of interest of $15,608 and a reduction to the carrying
value of the proved mineral rights of $114,000 during the year ended December
31, 2013. Upon completion of the comprehensive mineral title search and
settlement of the installment note and interest, the Company paid in full the
remaining principal balance of the installment note of $842,011. The outstanding
balance was $0 as of December 31, 2013.   
  On September 21, 2011, the Company purchased an undivided 50% interest in
minerals contained in approximately 2,200 acres located in Glacier County,
Montana (also referred to as Duck Lake). The purchase price of these rights was
$250,000. The value of this asset was impaired and written down to a value of
$50,000 because of alleged fraud that may have occurred in this transaction.
  
    Acquisition of
Working Interest     
   
  On July 3, 2012, the Company purchased a 17% working interest in an oil
well located in Archer County, Texas for $68,000 cash from Holms Energy
Development Corporation, which is owned by an officer of the Company. The
property was not yet producing as of December 31, 2014 and was deemed to be
impaired at that date.   
    Big Willow Lease     
   
  On July 9, 2014, Val Holms entered into a two year lease agreement on
28,000 gross acres (approximately 9,300 net mineral acres) in southwest Idaho.
The agreement, referred to as the Big Willow lease, included a two year primary
term with the option to extend for an additional term. Certain proceeds from the
Company s sale of the Greenfield mineral rights in early 2014 were used for this
acquisition. A portion of the proceeds were to an Internal Revenue Code Section
1031 like-kind exchange or 1031 exchange as it is known. The proceeds were held
in escrow until qualifying expenditures occurred.   
  On July 9, 2016 the lease expired without extension due to unfavorable
market conditions and the lack of infrastructure in the area, which made
development uneconomical.   
  As of December 31, 2015, the Company has invested more than $751,000 on
lease bonus payments, title work, and other development related costs.
  
   NOTE 7   RELATED PARTY
TRANSACTIONS    
    Related Party Receivable     
   
  In connection with the acquisition of the Holms Property ( see  Note 4), the
Company granted to Holms Energy, LLC, which is owned by a former officer of the
Company, a 5% overriding royalty payable on all revenue generated from the
Holms Property for ten years from the date of the acquisition s closing. The
royalty was over-paid in 2014 resulting in a related party receivable. As of
December 31, 2015 and 2014, the royalty receivable was $101,976 and
$138,846, respectively. The corresponding 2015 and 2014 royalty expense was
$359,829 and $802,581, respectively.   
   NOTE 8   GREENFIELD
ASSET SALE      
  In early 2014, the Company negotiated the sale of certain mineral assets
called The Greenfield Assets. The Greenfield assets were originally acquired in
November 2010. The transaction resulted in a net capital gain to the Company.
Details of the transaction are as follows:   

46  

Table of Contents    
  A
portion of the sale proceeds were included in an Internal Revenue Code section
1031 exchange. A 1031 exchange, as it is commonly referred to, allows all or part
of the sales proceeds from an asset sale to be excluded from capital gains tax
if the proceeds are used to acquire a qualifying replacement asset within a
certain time frame. In this case, the Company deferred capital gains tax on
$170,484 in connection with the 1031 exchange.   
   NOTE 9   STOCKHOLDERS 
EQUITY    
    Common Stock and
Common Stock Warrants     
   
  The Company issued warrants to shareholders beginning in 2009. Warrants
were issued through 2012. The summary of warrant activity is as follows:

Common Stock
Options         
  During March 2012, the Company granted an aggregate of 500,000 common
stock options to officers and Directors. The options are exercisable at $0.10
per share and vest one-third immediately and one-third each year over the next
two years. The fair value of the options was determined to be $400,548 using the
Black-Scholes option pricing model. The key assumptions utilized in the model
include the closing market price of the Company s common stock of $0.90,
expected terms between 1 and 2 years, volatility of 68.94%, risk-free interest
rate of 0.41% and zero expected dividends. The fair value was expensed over the
vesting period of the options. Option expense of $0 and $14,461, was recognized
during the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. The table below
summarizes the Company s option activity:   

47  

Table of Contents    
   NOTE 10   COMMITMENTS
AND CONTINGENCIES    
    Office Lease
Commitment         
  On December 1, 2010, BRI entered into a one-year office lease, renewable
for up to five years, for a 2,175 square foot executive office at  1425 Birch Ave., Suite A , Helena, MT 59601, for a monthly
charge of $1,600 for the first year; $1,800 second year; $2,000 third year;
$2,200 fourth year; and $2,400 fifth year. BRI has leased an additional room at
$100 per month. Therefore, total rent is $2,500 per month.   
    Litigation     
   
  On April 2, 2012, BRI was served with a summons relating to a complaint
filed by Allan Holms, both individually and derivatively through Roil Energy,
LLC. Allan Holms is the half-brother of BRI s CEO, Val Holms. The Complaint
(filed in the Superior Court of the State of Washington located in Spokane
County) names, among others, Joseph Edington, Val and Mari Holms, Holms Energy,
LLC and BRI as defendants. The Complaint primarily alleges breach of contract,
tortious interference with prospective business opportunity and fraud. The
complaint focuses on events allegedly occurring around February and March 2010
whereby Allan Holms alleged an oral agreement took place whereby he was to
receive up to 40% of the originally issued equity of Roil Energy, LLC. Allan
Holms alleges Roil Energy was originally intended to be the predecessor entity
to BRI. After various court proceedings, the Washington Court of Appeals
affirmed a trial court s ruling against the plaintiff and reversed the trial
court s ruling against certain of the defendants. The Company believes the
possibility of any future economic damages to BRI to be unlikely. When the
Company filed the appeal with the Washington Court of appeals, the Company was
required to post a bond of $462,485. This amount is identified on the income
statement as Settlement Expense. Upon the successful appeal, the bond will be
returned to the Company.   
  On June 6, 2012, the Company filed a Temporary Restraining Order (the
 TRO ) and Verified Complaint for Injunctive Relief against McKinley Romero,
Peter Swan Investment Consulting Ltd and IWJ Consulting Group, LLC
(collectively, the  Defendants ), in connection with the Defendants  request to
the transfer agent to remove restrictive legends from an aggregate of 4.7
million shares, which the Company believes were improperly obtained by the
Defendants. The Company obtained the TRO from the Second Judicial District Court
of the State of Nevada, County of Washoe on June 6, 2012 enjoining the
Defendants from seeking removal of the restrictive legends. On a scheduled
hearing on June 26, 2012 the judge in this matter ruled in favor of the
Company s motion for a preliminary injunction. The order granting such
preliminary injunction was issued from this court on August 14, 2012. This
matter is pending the Company s motion for final judgment in favor of the
Company.   
  In March 2013, the Company received notice of a complaint titled Gillis
v. Bakken Resources, Inc., Case No. A-13-675280-B, filed in the District Court
of the State of Nevada for Clark County. Mr. Gillis, the plaintiff in this
matter (the  Gillis Case ), is the trustee of the Bruce and Marilyn Gillis 1987
Trust. Mr. Gillis is alleging that the Company breached certain registration
rights obligations pursuant to an equity investment made at or around November
2010. The Court in this this matter granted class certification and class notice
in March 2014. The Company settled this matter in September 2014 for $200,000.
This expenditure has been identified on this income statement as Settlement
Expense.   
  In March 2014, the Company received notice of a complaint titled Manuel
Graiwer and TJ Jesky v. Val Holms, Herman Landeis, Karen Midtlyng, David
Deffinbaugh, Bill Baber, W. Edward Nichols, and Wesley Paul, Case No. CV14 00544
(the  Graiwer Case ), filed in the Second Judicial District Court of the State
of Nevada for Washoe County. Messrs. Graiwer and Jesky, the plaintiffs in the
Graiwer Case, bring action on behalf of the Company derivatively, and the
Company is also named as a nominal defendant. Messrs. Graiwer and Jesky are
shareholders of the company and allege breach of fiduciary duty, gross
negligence, corporate waste, unjust enrichment, and civil conspiracy against one
or more of the named defendants. The Company is also informed that each of the
other named defendants denies the validity of the claims made in the Graiwer
case, and each intends to vigorously defend against such claims, as applicable.
The plaintiff in the Graiwer Case have agree to dismiss all claims against all
defendants except Val M. Holms, and such dismissal is pending approval by the
Court.   
  The Bakken Resources Inc. bylaws state that the Company will indemnify
officers and directors for actual and reasonable amounts incurred while acting
as an agent of the corporation. Val Holms  attorneys have submitted invoices to
Bakken through December 31, 2015 for direct payment totaling more than $282,000.
These services include the Graiwer lawsuit and investigation related defense
costs, as well as a litany of other services that don t pertain to any
litigation. The Company has reviewed all submitted charges. The Company paid all
billings that appear to be indemnifiable under the Company s bylaws and Val
Holms  Leave of Absence Agreement. Consequently, $169,000 in services billed
have not been reimbursed nor accrued as legal fees expense.   
  The nature of these commitments and contingencies is such that management
cannot accurately determine what impact, if any, they may have on results of
operation, cash flows, and financial statements. Management believes, however,
it is unlikely that any adverse impact will occur from these commitments and
contingencies.   
  48  

Table of Contents    
   NOTE 11   INCOME TAXES
   
  The Company uses the
liability method, where deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based
on the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the
carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial and income tax
reporting purposes. During 2015 and 2014, the Company generated a taxable loss
and income, respectively. Accordingly, the Company recognized a tax benefit of
$196,773 and a tax provision of $1,958,600, for the years ended December 31,
2015 and 2014, respectively. There was no available net operating loss carry
forward as of December 31, 2015 or 2014. The net operating loss generated in
2015 was carried back to 2014 generating a tax refund receivable of $354,951.
  
  The (benefit) provision for
income taxes consists of the following for 2015 and 2014:  

The income tax (benefit)
provision differs from the amount of income tax determined by applying the
Federal Income Tax Rate to pre-tax income from continuing operations due to the
following items:   

At December 31, 2015 and
2014 the Company s deferred tax asset (liability) are as follows:   

The Company has no
unrecognized tax benefits at December 31, 2015 or 2014 and has no deferred tax
provisions for either year. It is not anticipated that there will be any
significant changes to unrecognized tax benefits within the next twelve months.
If interest and penalties were to be assessed, we would charge interest to
interest expense, and penalties to other operating expense. At December 31,
2015, fiscal years 2011 through 2015 remain subject to examination by federal
and state tax authorities.   
  49  

Table of Contents    
   NOTE 12   SUBSEQUENT
EVENTS    
   Val Holms 
Termination   :   The Company s founder and CEO, Val M Holms, was
terminated in May 2016 on the basis of fraud and other allegations levied
against him.   
   Eagle Private Equity
Transaction   : In May 2016, the
Company entered into a financing agreement with Eagle Private Equity ( Eagle ).
The Eagle transaction provides a non-revolving line of credit not to exceed
$1,000,000 and intended for the acquisition of non-working interest assets. The
Convertible Loan Credit Agreement is convertible into Series A preferred stock.
Series A preferred stock generally holds common stock voting rights equivalent
to 100 shares of common stock for each share of series A preferred stock.
  
  The agreement includes
conversion rights if certain triggering events occurred. On July 20, 2016, a
triggering event occurred, which granted Eagle the right to put loans to the
Company and convert debt ($600,000) into equity (600,000 preferred shares)
having the voting equivalent of 60 million shares of the Company s common stock.
  
   Big Willow Lease
Expiration   : On July 9, 2014, the
Val Holms entered into a two year lease agreement on 28,000 gross acres
approximately 9,300 net mineral acres) in southwest Idaho. The agreement,
referred to as the Big Willow lease, included a two year primary term with the
option to extend for an additional term. On July 9, 2016 the lease expired. As
of December 31, 2015, the Company has invested more than $751,000 on lease bonus
payments, title work, and other development related costs. These costs have been
written off on July 9, 2016.   
   Attempted
Takeover   : On July 20, 2016, Val
Holms  half-brother, Allan Holms, attempted a takeover of the Company. Allan
Holms and an armed security force attempted to remove the existing Board of
Directors, remove current management, remove all counsel and suspend litigation,
and take control of the Company s cash assets. Allan Holms purported to hold
proxies from Val Holms and other shareholders representing a majority of the
Company s common  stock. Law  enforcement agencies intervened and ended the takeover.
The Company has filed for and received temporary restraining orders in Montana
and Nevada enjoining Allan Holms from taking such takeover actions, pending
preliminary hearings. A hearing in Montana has taken place and is pending a
decision. Hearings in Nevada are scheduled to be heard in late October 2016.  The Company believes such proxies were improperly and illegally obtained and that Allan Holms  actions on July 20 are invalid and without merit. 
  
   Roil Lawsuit
Appeal   : In August 2016, the
Washington State Appellate Court ruled to affirm the lower court s ruling that
Allan Holms and Roil Energy, LLC did not have any claims to the Company s assets
and also to overturn the lower court s ruling that found certain fraud and
awarded Allan Holms certain attorney s fees. The Company had posted a $462,000
appeal bond as part of the appeal process. The plaintiffs are petitioning the
Washington State Supreme Court. When all legal remedies have been exhausted, the
Company will recognize the appeal bond refund as a receivable on the balance
sheet. As of December 31, 2015 the Company has not booked the receivable.
  
  50  

Table of Contents    
     ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND
DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE
   
  None.   
     ITEM 9A       CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES    
  Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate
internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial
reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) promulgated under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as a process designed by, or under
the supervision of, a Company s principal executive and principal financial
officers and effected by a Company s board of directors, management and other
personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and
includes those policies and procedures that:   

Pertain to the
      maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly
      reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company;

Provide reasonable assurance that
      transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
      statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles,
      and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in
      accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company;
      and     

Provide reasonable assurance regarding
      prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or
      disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on
      the financial statements.      
  Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer, assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over
financial reporting as of December 31, 2015.   
  A
material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal
control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility
that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will
not be prevented or detected on a timely basis.   
  We identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31, 2015 because certain elements of an effective
control environment were not present including the financial reporting processes
and procedures, and internal control procedures by our board of directors as we
have yet to establish an audit committee and our full board has not been
adequately performing those functions. The material weaknesses identified
include the following:   

There exists a
      significant overlap between management and our board of directors, with
      three of our seven directors being members of management (although during most of 2015, our CEO was on leave of absence). This does not allow
      for multiple levels of supervision and review.     

Additionally, since we only have one full
      time and one part time employee, it has not been possible to ensure
      appropriate segregation of duties between incompatible functions, and
      formalized monitoring procedures have not, as of December 31, 2015, been
      established or implemented.      
  Based on this assessment and the material weaknesses described above,
management has concluded that internal control over financial reporting was not
effective as of December 31, 2015.   
  This annual report does not include an attestation report of the
Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over
financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the
Company s registered public accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules of the
Securities and Exchange Commission that permit the Company to provide only
management s report in this annual report.   
  We intend to take the following steps as soon as practicable to remediate
the material weaknesses we identified as follows:   

We will segregate incompatible functions
      using existing personnel where possible or, given sufficient capital
      resources, we will hire additional personnel to perform those
      functions.       

We will, and have, appointed additional
      outside directors, particularly those who may have experience with regard
      to financial reporting, financial reporting processes and procedures and
      internal control procedures.       

To the extent we can attract outside
      directors, we plan to form an audit committee to review and assist the
      board with its oversight responsibilities and appoint a financial expert
      to be the chairperson of such audit committee.        
   Changes in Internal
Control Over Financial Reporting    
  As of the end of the period covered by this Report, there have been no
changes in internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule
13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the quarter ended December 31, 2015, that
materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our
Company s internal control over financial reporting.   
  51  

Table of Contents    
     ITEM 9B       OTHER INFORMATION    
  None.   
     PART III    
     ITEM 10. DIRECTORS,
EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE    
   A. Directors, Executive
Officers, Promoters and Control Persons    
  The members of our board of directors serve for one year terms and are
elected at the next annual meeting of stockholders, or until their successors
have been elected. The officers serve at the pleasure of the board of directors.
  
  Pursuant to the acquisition of Holms Energy s assets, some members of
Holms Energy became the officers and directors of BRI effective upon closing of
the acquisition agreement.   
  The following table sets forth the directors and executive officers of
BRI as of December 31, 2015. The previous directors of BRI appointed the
nominees designated by Holms Energy as members of the board of directors of BRI.
Subsequently, the current officers and directors of BRI resigned their positions
at BRI, clearing the way for the appointment of new executive officers by the
new board of directors of BRI. Directors are elected for a period of one year
and thereafter serve until the next annual meeting at which their successors are
duly elected by the stockholders. Officers and other employees serve at the will
of the board of directors and hold office until their death, resignation or
removal from office.   

Name   
       Age   
       Position    
   
      Val M.
      Holms  
      68  
      Chief
      Executive Officer, President, and Director   
   
      Dan
      Anderson  
      51  
      Chief
      Financial Officer and Director   
   
      Karen S.
      Midtlyng  
      57  
      Secretary
      and Director   
   
      Herman R.
      Landeis  
      83  
      Director   
   
      Bill M.
      Baber  
      64  
      Director   
   
      Douglas
      Williams  
      58  
      Director and
      Audit Committee Member   
   
      Dr. Solange
      Charas  
      54  
      Director and
      Audit Committee Chair    
 
   Family Relationships
   
  There are no family relationships among our directors or officers
  
   Business Experience
   
  The following is a brief account of the education and business experience
of each director and executive officer during at least the past five years,
indicating each person s business experience, principal occupation during the
period, and the name and principal business of the organization by which they
were employed of those directors and the key members of the management team who
became the officers, directors, and key employees of BRI on or after December 1,
2010 after the Asset Acquisition:   
   Val M. Holms   68, President, Chief Executive Officer, and
Director   . After being honorably
discharged from the United States Marine Corps, 4 th  Force
Reconnaissance Division in Vietnam in 1969, he was the founder, sole owner and
operator of Holms Building Services, Inc., a licensed general contracting
Company based in Missoula, Montana until 1984. Beginning in 1971 until the
present, Mr. Holms has been a private investor, a part time independent land
man, organized several oil and gas limited partnerships, purchased and sold
mineral leases, and arranged various oil and gas joint ventures in Montana,
Oklahoma, Texas, and North Dakota. From 1984 to 1988, he attended Rhema Bible
Institute and received a degree in Theology. Mr. Holms and his wife Mari Holms
are the managing members of Holms Energy, LLC.   
  52  

Table of Contents    
   Dan Anderson   51, Chief Financial Officer   . Mr. Anderson graduated from the Montana College
of Mineral Science and Technology in 1986 with a Bachelor of Science degree in
Business Administration, Finance and Accounting. After graduation, Mr. Anderson
served as the chief financial officer of a health care Company and was a partner
in a consulting firm. Mr. Anderson has subsequently received a Master s Degree
in Business Administration, a graduate degree in banking, is a certified
business adviser, and is a certified human resources specialist. Mr. Anderson
has owned a number of small businesses in southwest Montana for more than 20
years. On May 23, 2014, Mr. Anderson was appointed as the Company's Chief
Financial Officer.   
   Karen S. Midtlyng   57, Secretary and Director   . Ms. Midtlyng has an associate degree from the
University of Montana, Helena College of Technology (formerly Helena Vocational
Technical Center). From 1978 to 2005, she was employed by U.S. Geological Survey
(USGS), Water Science Center, Helena, MT. During her 27 years with the U.S.G.S.
she was responsible for start to finish production of several U.S.G.S.
scientific reports, fact sheets and electronic documents and co-authored several
U.S.G.S. publications. From 2005 to 2010, she was an independent consultant,
providing services for a small business in the Helena area, where she assisted
in the establishment and implementation of certain business processes.
  
   Herman R. Landeis   83, Director   . Mr. Landeis was the Western Region Tax Manager for Marathon Oil
Corporation, based out of Casper, Wyoming, from 1972 until he retired in 1992.
Previously, Mr. Landeis worked as a professional Draftsman for Marathon Oil
Corporation from 1955 until 1972, except for a two year leave of absence to
serve in the Military (Army), where he was honorably discharged. As a Tax
Manager for Marathon Oil Corporation, he was responsible for and managed a
variety of financial matters related to property tax negotiations, valuation of
Company owned assets and property, and conducting various financial analysis on
operations in the Western United States. These properties included the
Interstate Pipeline running from Montana to Missouri, properties in Alaska, five
off-shore platforms and numerous operating oil and gas properties in the Western
United States. Since his retirement in 1992, he has acted as a consultant to the
oil and gas industry related to special projects involving tax matters,
appraisals and valuation of property. Mr. Landeis received a Certified License
as a Professional Appraiser from the University of Nebraska in 1972.   
   Bill M. Baber   64, Director   . Mr. Baber has 37 years of experience in the field of drilling,
completing, operating and maintenance of oil and gas wells. In addition, Mr.
Baber also provides sources and arranges for the maintenance of oil/gas rigs and
other heavy machinery used in drilling operations. Mr. Baber regularly consults
with clients on drilling operations and regulatory requirements. For the past 15
years, Mr. Baber has conducted his business through his entity, Bill M. Baber
Oil Field Equipment.   
   Douglas Williams   58, Director   . Mr. Williams is a Certified Public Accountant licensed in the State of
Montana specializing in accounting, tax, internal controls, and regulatory
compliance. Since graduating from University of Wyoming with a B.S. in
accounting in 1985, Mr. Williams has overseen or performed such services for
public companies, private companies, non-profits, and governments. Mr. Williams
has owned and operated his own accounting practice in Helena, Montana since
2001. Before starting his own practice, he held related positions in Laramie,
Wyoming. Mr. Williams was an administrative services director for the City of
Laramie for six years, from 1994 to 2000. He was also a manager at Simonsen
Mader Tschacher   Company, the second largest accounting firm in Wyoming,
from 1991 to 1994. Before that, Mr. Williams was a senior staff accountant at
McGladrey   Pullen from 1985 to 1991.   
   Dr. Solange Charas   54, Director   . Audit Committee Chair - Dr. Charas has more than 25 years of
institutional experience with public and private companies both as an employee
and a board member, particularly in the areas of corporate governance and human
capital. Dr. Charas has served on various Board committees including audit and
compensation committees. Dr. Charas has expertise in all areas of human capital
management for national and global organizations, specifically in post-merger
culture integration, aligning human capital performance to key economic
performance indicators, human capital analytics, project management, and
designing compensation plans. Dr. Charas serves as an adjunct professor for New
York University s School of Professional Studies, and she is currently CEO of
Charas Consulting, Inc., a boutique human resources consulting firm in New York
City, as well as the Chief Human Resources Officer and board member of Integral
Board Group, LLC. Her past experiences include Chief Human Capital Officer for
Praetorian Financial Group (now QBE), National Director of Arthur Andersen,
Senior Manager at Ernst   Young, Manager of International Corporate
Compensation for GE Capital Co. Dr. Charas holds a Ph.D. in Management from Case
Western Reserve University, an MBA in Accounting and Finance from Cornell
University, and a B.A. in Political Economy from UC Berkeley.   
   Involvement in Certain
Legal Proceedings    
  To our knowledge, during the past ten years, no present director or
executive officer of our Company: (1) filed a petition under the federal
bankruptcy laws or any state insolvency law, nor had a receiver, fiscal agent,
or similar officer appointed by a court for the business or present of such a
person, or any partnership in which he was a general partner at or within two
years before the time of such filing, or any corporation or business association
of which he was an executive officer within two years before the time of such
filing; (2) was convicted in a criminal proceeding or named subject of a pending
criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); (3)
was the subject of any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed,
suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or
temporarily enjoining him from or otherwise limiting the following activities:
(i) acting as a futures commission merchant, introducing broker, commodity
trading advisor, commodity pool operator, floor broker, leverage transaction
merchant, associated person of any of the foregoing, or as an investment
advisor, underwriter, broker or dealer in securities, or as an affiliated
person, director of any investment Company, or engaging in or continuing any
conduct or practice in connection with such activity; (ii) engaging in any type
of business practice; (iii) engaging in any activity in connection with the
purchase or sale of any security or commodity or in connection with any
violation of federal or state securities laws or federal commodity laws; (4) was
the subject of any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed,
suspended or vacated, of any federal or state authority barring, suspending or
otherwise limiting for more than 60 days the right of such person to engage in
any activity described above under this Item, or to be associated with persons
engaged in any such activity; (5) was found by a court of competent jurisdiction
in a civil action or by the Securities and Exchange Commission to have violated
any federal or state securities law and the judgment was not subsequently
reversed, suspended or vacated; (6) was found by a court of competent
jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to
have violated any federal commodities law, and the judgment in such civil action
or finding by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission has not been subsequently
reversed, suspended or vacated.   
  53  

Table of Contents    
   Section 16(a) Beneficial
Ownership Reporting Compliance.    
  Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
 Exchange Act ), requires the Company s executive officers, directors and
persons who own more than 10% of the Company s outstanding common stock to file
initial reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the Securities and
Exchange Commission. Based solely on our review of Forms 3, 4 and 5 furnished to
us and on written representations from certain reporting persons, we believe
that the directors, executive officers, and our greater than 10% beneficial
owners have complied in a timely manner with all applicable filing requirements
for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015.   
   Limitation of Liability
of Directors    
  Pursuant to the Nevada General Corporation Law, our Articles of
Incorporation exclude personal liability for our Directors for monetary damages
based upon any violation of their fiduciary duties as Directors, except as to
liability for any breach of the duty of loyalty, acts or omissions not in good
faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, or
any transaction from which a Director receives an improper personal benefit.
This exclusion of liability does not limit any right which a Director may have
to be indemnified and does not affect any Director s liability under federal or
applicable state securities laws. We have agreed to indemnify our directors
against expenses, judgments, and amounts paid in settlement in connection with
any claim against a Director if he acted in good faith and in a manner he
believed to be in our best interests.   
   Election of Directors
and Officers    
  Directors are elected to serve until the next annual meeting of
stockholders and until their successors have been elected and qualified.
Officers are appointed to serve until the meeting of the Board of Directors
following the next annual meeting of stockholders and until their successors
have been elected and qualified.   
  No executive officer or director of the Company has been the subject of
any Order, Judgment, or Decree of any Court of competent jurisdiction, or any
regulatory agency permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring suspending or
otherwise limiting him from acting as an investment advisor, underwriter, broker
or dealer in the securities industry, or as an affiliated person, director or
employee of an investment company, bank, savings and loan association, or
insurance company or from engaging in or continuing any conduct or practice in
connection with any such activity or in connection with the purchase or sale of
any securities.   
  No executive officer or director of the Company has been convicted in any
criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations) or is the subject of a
criminal proceeding which is currently pending.   
  Except as set forth under Item 3 of this report, no executive officer or
director of the Company is the subject of any pending legal proceedings.
  
   Audit Committee and
Financial Expert    
  We created an Audit Committee in December 2014. The Audit Committee
charter identifies five key purposes: oversee the integrity of the company s
financial statement; overseeing the company s compliance with legal and
regulatory requirements; overseeing the registered public accounting firm s
qualifications and independence; overseeing the performance of the company s
independent auditor and internal audit function; and overseeing the company s
system of disclosure controls and procedures.  Solange Charas  was named chair of
the Audit Committee in 2015.   
  Solange Charas and Douglas Williams are deemed to be financial experts.  

  54  

Table of Contents    
   Code of Business Conduct
and Ethics    
  A
code of ethics relates to written standards that are reasonably designed to
deter wrongdoing and to promote:   

(1)       
      Honest and
      ethical conduct, including the ethical handling of actual or apparent
      conflicts of interest between personal and professional
      relationships;   

(2)  
      Full,
      fair, accurate, timely and understandable disclosure in reports and
      documents that are filed with, or submitted to, the Commission and in
      other public communications made by an issuer;   

(3)  
      Compliance
      with applicable governmental laws, rules and regulations;   

(4)  
      The prompt
      internal reporting of violations of the code to an appropriate person or
      persons identified in the code; and   

(5)  
      Accountability for adherence to the
code.    

  We have adopted a corporate
code of ethics that applies to our principal executive officer, principal
financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons
performing similar functions.   
   Nominating Committee
   
  We do not have a Nominating
Committee or Nominating Committee Charter. Our board of directors perform some
of the functions associated with a Nominating Committee.   
     ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE
COMPENSATION    
   Summary Compensation
Table    
  The table below sets forth
the aggregate annual and long-term compensation paid by us for the fiscal years
ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, to our Chief Executive Officer. Other than as
set forth below, no executive officer s salary and bonus exceeded $100,000 for
the fiscal years 2015 or 2014.   
  
   Narrative Disclosure to
Summary Compensation Table    
  Mr. Val M. Holms, President
and CEO of the Company was appointed to his executive position on December 1,
2010. Mr. Holms' annual salary of $180,000 was agreed to be paid by the Company
pursuant to his Employment Agreement entered into on February 1, 2011. In
January 2013, the Board authorized the extension of Mr. Holms Employment
Agreement.   
  55  

Table of Contents    
   Outstanding Equity
Awards at Fiscal Year End    
  There have been no options
awards or equity awards given to any executive officers of BRI since inception
on June 6, 2008, through the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015.   
     ITEM 12. SECURITY
OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER
MATTERS.    
  The following table
presents information about the beneficial ownership of our common stock on
September 30, 2016, held by our directors and executive officers and by those
persons known to beneficially own more than 5% of our capital stock. The
percentage of beneficial ownership for the following table is based on
56,735,350 shares of common stock outstanding as of September 30, 2016.
  
  Beneficial ownership is
determined in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange
Commission and does not necessarily indicate beneficial ownership for any other
purpose. Under these rules, beneficial ownership includes those shares of common
stock over which the stockholder has sole or shared voting or investment power.
It also includes (unless footnoted) shares of common stock that the stockholder
has a right to acquire within 60 days after September 30, 2016, through the
exercise of any option, warrant or other right. The percentage ownership of the
outstanding common stock, however, is based on the assumption, expressly
required by the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission, that only the
person or entity whose ownership is being reported has converted options or
warrants into shares of our common stock.   
   Beneficial Ownership of
Current Directors, Executive Officers and 5% Holders of the Company

1.       
      As used in this
      table,  beneficial ownership  means the sole or shared power to vote, or
      to direct the voting of, a security, or the sole or shared investment
      power with respect to a security (i.e., the power to dispose of, or to
      direct the disposition of, a security). The address of each person is care
      of the Company at 825 Great Northern Boulevard, Expedition Block, Suite 304, Helena, Montana 59601.   

2.  
      Figures are rounded
      to the nearest tenth of a percent.   

3.  
      Includes 26,350,000
      shares held directly   

4.  
      Includes 2,250,000
      shares held directly   

5.  
      Includes 250,000
      shares held directly    

Change in Control
   
  We are unaware of any
contract, or other arrangement or provision of our Articles or By-laws, the
operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change of control of
BRI.   
     ITEM 13. CERTAIN
RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE.
   
  On July 3, 2012 the Company
purchased a 17% working interest in an oil well located in Archer County, Texas
for $68,000 cash from Holms Energy Development Corp. ( HEDC ). HEDC is owned by
Val Holms, our former CEO. This transaction was reviewed by the Company s
independent directors and approved by our Board, with Mr. Holms recusing himself
from such Board vote.   
   Transactions With
Related Persons, Promoters, and Certain Control Persons    
  None.   
  56  

Table of Contents    
   Promoters and Certain
Control Persons    
  None.   
   Director Independence
   
  Our Board of Directors has
determined that three of our six directors are currently  independent directors 
as that term is defined in Rule 5605(a)(2   )    of the Marketplace Rules
of the National Association of Securities Dealers. We are not presently required
to have independent directors. If we ever become a listed issuer whose
securities are listed on a national securities exchange or on an automated
inter-dealer quotation system of a national securities association, which has
independent director requirements, we intend to comply with all applicable
requirements relating to director independence.   
     ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL
ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES.    
  The aggregate fees billed
by our principal accountant for services rendered during the fiscal years ended
December 31, 2015 and 2014, are set forth in the table below:   

(1)       
       Audit
      fees  consists of fees incurred for professional services rendered for the
      audit of annual financial statements, for reviews of interim financial
      statements included in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and for
      services that are normally provided in connection with statutory and
      regulatory filings or engagements.   

(2)  
       Audit-related fees  consists of fees billed for professional
      services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or
      review of our financial statements, but are not reported under  Audit
      fees.    

(3)  
       Tax fees 
      consists of fees billed for professional services relating to tax
      compliance, tax advice and tax planning.   

(4)  
       All other
      fees  consists of fees billed for all other services, such as review of
      our registration statement on Form S-1.    
   Audit Committee s
Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures    
  The Company formed an audit
committee in December 2014 to take over the responsibilities previously carried
out the board as a whole. The committee will pre-approve the engagement of our
principal independent accountants to provide audit and non-audit services.
Section 10A(i) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 prohibits our auditors
from performing audit services for us as well as any services not considered to
be  audit services  unless such services are pre-approved by the audit committee
or unless the services meet certain minimum standards.   
     PART IV   
     ITEM 15. EXHIBITS,
FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES    
  (a) (1) Financial Statements
See Item 8 in Part II of this report.   
       (2) All other financial
statement schedules are omitted because the information required to be set forth
therein is not applicable or because that information is in the financial
statements or notes thereto.   
  (b) (3) Exhibits specified
by Item 601 of Regulation S-K.   
  57  

Table of Contents    
   EXHIBIT INDEX
   
  The following exhibit index
shows those exhibits filed with this report and those incorporated herein by
reference:  
  
  58  

Table of Contents    

59  

Table of Contents    
     SIGNATURES
   
  In accordance with Section
13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant caused this
Annual Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized, in Helena, MT on this  3rd day of October , 2016.

BAKKEN
      RESOURCES, INC.   

Date:
       October 3 , 2016  
      By:  /s/ Dan Anderson    

(principal
      executive officer)    
 
  In accordance with Section
13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Annual Report on Form
10-K has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant
in the capacities indicated below on this  3rd day of October ,
2016.   

Date:
       October 3 , 2016  
      By:   /s/ Dan
      Anderson    

Dan
      Anderson   

Chief
      Financial Officer and Director   

Date:
       October 3 , 2016  
      By:/   s/ Karen
      Midtlyng    

Karen
      Midtlyng   

Secretary
      and Director   

Date:
       October 3 , 2016  
      By:/   s/ Bill M.
      Baber    

Bill M.
      Baber   

Director   

Date:
       October 3 , 2016  
      By:/   s/ Herman R.
      Landeis    

Herman R.
      Landeis   

Director   

Date:
       October 3 , 2016  
      By:/   s/ Solange
      Charas    

Solange
      Charas   

Director and
      audit committee chair   

Date:
       October 3 , 2016  
      By:/   s/ Douglas L.
      Williams    

Douglas L.
      Williams   

Director and
      audit committee member   

Date:
       October 3 , 2016  
      By:                                              

Val M.
      Holms   

Director    
 
  60  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 bakken3141141-ex311.htm
 RULE 13A-14(A)/15D-14(A) CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

CERTIFICATIONS
   
  I, Dan Anderson, certify
that:   

1.       
      I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form
      10-K of Bakken Resources, Inc.;   

2.  
      Based on my knowledge, this report does not
      contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
      material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
      circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
      respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based on my knowledge, the financial
      statements, and other financial information included in this report,
      fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results
      of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
      presented in this report;   

4.      
        
      The registrant s other certifying officer
      and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
      and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
      and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
      Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)        
      Designed such
      disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and
      procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material
      information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
      subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
      particularly during the period in which this report is being
      prepared;   

b) 
      Designed such internal
      control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over
      financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide
      reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and
      the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
      accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c) 
      Evaluated the
      effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and
      presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the
      disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by
      this report based on such evaluation; and   

d) 
      Disclosed in this
      report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial
      reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter
      (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
      that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
      affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
      and   

5.      
        
      The registrant s other certifying officer
      and I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal
      control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
      audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
      performing the equivalent functions):   

a) 
      All significant
      deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of
      internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
      adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
      and report financial information; and   

b) 
      Any fraud, whether or
      not material, that involves management or other employees who have a
      significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial
      reporting.     

Dated:
       October 3 , 2016  
      /s/ Dan Anderson   

(Principal
      executive officer)     
  61   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 bakken3141141-ex312.htm
 RULE 13A-14(A)/15D-14(A) CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

CERTIFICATIONS
   
  I, Dan Anderson, certify
that:   

1.       
      I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form
      10-K of Bakken Resources, Inc.;   

2.  
      Based on my knowledge, this report does not
      contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
      material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
      circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
      respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based on my knowledge, the financial
      statements, and other financial information included in this report,
      fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results
      of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
      presented in this report;   

4.      
        
      The registrant s other certifying officer
      and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
      and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
      and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
      Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)        
      Designed such
      disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and
      procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material
      information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
      subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
      particularly during the period in which this report is being
      prepared;   

b) 
      Designed such internal
      control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over
      financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide
      reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and
      the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
      accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c) 
      Evaluated the
      effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and
      presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the
      disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by
      this report based on such evaluation; and   

d) 
      Disclosed in this
      report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial
      reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter
      (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
      that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
      affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
      and   

5.      
        
      The registrant s other certifying officer
      and I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal
      control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
      audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
      performing the equivalent functions):   

a) 
      All significant
      deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of
      internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
      adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
      and report financial information; and   

b) 
      Any fraud, whether or
      not material, that involves management or other employees who have a
      significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial
      reporting.     

Dated:
       October 3 , 2016  
      /s/ Dan Anderson   

Chief
      Financial Officer     
  62   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 bakken3141141-ex321.htm
 SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO      SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002
   
  In connection with the
Annual Report on Form 10-K of Bakken Resources, Inc. (the  Company ) for the
year ended December 31, 2015, as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), Dan Anderson, Chief Financial
Officer and principal executive officer of the Company, hereby certifies,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as adopted pursuant to  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that:   
  (1) The Report fully
complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934; and   
 (2) The information
contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of the Company.   

Dated:  October 3 , 2016  

By:    
      /s/ Dan
  Anderson   

(Chief Financial Officer and principal executive
  officer)    
 
  This certification
accompanies each Report pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and
shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be
deemed filed by the Company for purposes of  18 of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended.   
  A signed original of this
written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and
will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange
Commission or its staff upon request.   
  63   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-99.1>
 5
 bakken3141141-ex991.htm
 AUDIT COMMITTEE CHARTER

Audit Committee Charter  
Bakken Resources Inc.    
  The Board of Directors (the
 Board ) of Bakken Resources, Inc. (the  Company ) has established the Audit
Committee of the Board (the  Committee ) with authority, responsibility, and
specific duties enumerated in this Audit Committee Charter.   
   I. Purpose and Authority
   
   Purpose    
  The Committee is established
by and among the Board of directors for the primary purpose of assisting the
Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities pertaining to the following:
  
    Integrity of the Company s
accounting methods, financial statements, financial reporting processes, and
related audits   
    The Company s legal and
regulatory compliance requirements   
    Qualifications,
independence, and efficacy of the Company s registered public accounting firm
( independent auditor )   
    Efficacy and performance of
the Company s internal audit function   
    Overseeing the Company s
systems of disclosure controls and procedures, internal controls over financial
reporting, and compliance with ethical standards adopted by the Company,
  
    Annually preparing an Audit
Committee Report for publication in the Company s proxy statement for its annual
stockholder meeting, according to applicable rules and regulations   
    Performing other duties the
Board may assign to the Committee from time to time   
  Consistent with these
functions, the Committee should encourage continuous improvement of and
adherence to the Company s policies, procedures, and practices at all
levels.  
   Authority      
  The Committee is charged with
ensuring open communication among the Committee, the independent auditor,
financial and senior management, the internal auditors, Company employees, and
the Board. The Committee maintains the power to investigate any matter brought
to its attention and has full and open access to all of the Company s books,
records, facilities, and personnel. Retention without Board approval of outside
counsel, advisors, or other experts ( Outside Experts ) for any relevant purpose
the Committee deems appropriate falls under the Committee s powers, as well as
the sole authority to replace any outside expert. The Company shall provide
appropriate funding as determined by the Committee for payment of compensation
to Outside Experts that the Committee retains, as well as any reasonable
administrative expenses involved in carrying out the Committee s duties.

The committee may delegate
partial or full authority of any Committee matter to any member, as well as form
subcommittees with such authority as the committee from time to dime deems
appropriate. Subcommittees may not, however, retain or otherwise utilize outside
experts without prior Committee approval unless the Committee first explicitly
grants such authority in writing.   
  The Committee will fulfill its
responsibilities primarily by carrying out the activities enumerated in Section
III of this charter.   
   II.
Composition   
  The Committee shall consist of
at least two members of the Board. Each member of the Committee shall be
 independent  as defined by the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission
( SEC ) and the listing requirements of the New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) or
any other exchange on which the Company lists securities. Each member of the
Committee shall meet the financial literacy and experience requirements of the
NYSE, and at least one member of the Committee shall be an  Audit Committee
financial expert  (as defined by applicable rules of the SEC under Item 407 of
Regulation S-K). Committee members may not simultaneously serve on the Audit
Committees of more than two other public companies.  
  A  financial expert  is
generally a person whose education or expertise as a public accountant, auditor,
principal financial officer, comptroller, or principal accounting officer of a
company has established an understanding of financial statements and generally
accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ), as well as experience in preparing or
auditing financial statements of companies comparable to the Company. A
 financial expert  is qualified to apply GAAP to estimates, accruals, and
reserves for internal accounting controls and in the functioning of audit
committees.  
  The Board will appoint
Committee members at the annual organizational meeting of the Board, and
Committee members will serve until their successors are elected. Unless the full
Board elects a chairperson, the members of the Committee may designate a
chairperson by majority vote. Notwithstanding the foregoing membership
requirements, no action of the Committee shall be invalidated by reason of any
such requirement being not met at the time such action is taken.   
   III. Responsibilities and
Duties    
  The primary responsibility of
the Committee is to oversee the Company s financial reporting processes on
behalf of the Board and to report the results of the committee s oversight
activities to the Board. The Committee is not, however, charged with planning or
conducting audits, determining whether the Company s financial statements and
disclosures are complete or accurate, or whether reports conform to GAAP and
applicable laws. Such responsibilities fall upon the Company s Management,
Internal Auditor, and independent auditor.  
  The Committee in carrying out
its responsibilities believes its policies and procedures should remain flexible
in order to better respond to changing conditions and circumstances. The
Committee should take appropriate actions to set the overall corporate tone for
quality financial reporting, sound business risk practices, and ethical
behavior. To fulfill its responsibilities and duties, the Committee will to the
following:   

Document, report,
accounting, and information review    
  The Committee will be
responsible for the following six items.   

1.       
      Review this charter
      at least annually and recommend to the Board of directors any necessary
      amendments.   

2.  
      Meet with management
      and the independent auditor to review and discuss the Company s annual
      financial statements and quarterly financial statements (prior to the
      Company s Form 10-Q filings or release of earnings), as well as all
      internal control reports (or summaries thereof). Review other relevant
      reports or financial information submitted by the Company to any
      governmental body or the public, including management certifications as
      required in Item 601(b)(31) of Regulation S-K and relevant reports
      rendered by the independent auditor (or summaries thereof).   

3.  
      Recommend to the
      Board whether the financial statements should be included in the annual
      report on Form 10-K.   

4.  
      Discuss earnings
      press releases, including the type and presentation of information, paying
      particular attention to any pro forma or adjusted non-GAAP information.
      Such discussions may be in general terms (i.e., discussion of the types of
      information to be disclosed and the type of presentations to be made) and
      general commentary to Rule 303A.7(c).   

5.  
      Discuss financial
      information and earnings guidance provided to analysts and ratings
      agencies.   

6.  
      Review the regular
      internal reports to management (or summaries thereof) prepared by the
      internal audit function, as well as management s
  response.    
   Independent Auditor
   
  The Committee will be
responsible for the following nine items.   

1.       
      Appoint (and
      recommend that the Board submit for shareholder ratification, if
      applicable), compensate, retain, and oversee the work performed by the
      independent auditor retained for the purpose of preparing or issuing an
      audit report or related work. Review the
      performance and independence of the independent auditor and remove the
      independent auditor if circumstances warrant. The independent auditor will
      report directly to the Committee, and the Committee will oversee the
      resolution of disagreements between management and the independent auditor
      if they arise.   

2.  
      Actively engage in
      dialogue with the independent auditor with respect to any disclosed
      relationships or services that may affect the independence and objectivity
      of the auditor and take appropriate actions to oversee the independence of
      the independent auditor.   

3.  
      Review and preapprove
      (which may be pursuant to preapproval policies and procedures) both audit
      and non-audit services to be provided by the independent auditor. The
      authority to grant preapprovals may be delegated to one or more designated
      members of the Committee, whose decisions will be presented to the full
      Committee at its next regularly scheduled
meeting.     

4.       
      Consider whether the auditor s provision of permissible non-audit
      services is compatible with the auditor s independence.   

5.  
      Discuss with the independent auditor the matters required to be
      discussed under the standards of the PCAOB.   

6.  
      Review with the independent auditor any problems or difficulties
      and management s response.   

7.  
      Hold timely discussions with the independent auditor regarding the
      following:   

a.       
      All critical
      accounting policies and practices   

b.  
      All alternative
      treatments of financial information within generally accepted accounting
      principles related to material items that have been discussed with
      management, ramifications of the use of such alternative disclosures and
      treatments, and the treatment preferred by the independent
    auditor.   

c.  
      Other material
      written communications between the independent auditor and management,
      including, but not limited to, the management letter and schedule of
      unadjusted differences.   

8.  
      At least annually, obtain and review a report by the independent
      auditor describing:   

a.  
      The independent
      auditor s internal quality-control procedures.   

b.  
      Any material issues
      raised by the most recent internal quality-control review or peer review,
      or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional
      authorities within the preceding five years with respect to independent
      audits carried out by the independent auditor, and any steps taken to deal
      with such issues.   

c.  
      All relationships
      between the independent auditor and the Company and addressing the matters
      set forth in PCAOB Rule 3526.   

This report should be used to evaluate the independent auditor s
      qualifications, performance, and independence. Further, the Committee will
      review the experience and qualifications of the lead partner each year and
      determine that all partner rotation requirements, as promulgated by
      applicable rules and regulations, are executed. The Committee will also
      consider whether there should be rotation of the independent auditor
      itself. The Committee should present its conclusions to the full
      Board.   

9.  
      Set policies, consistent with governing laws and regulations, for
      hiring personnel of the independent
auditor.     

Implementation and
Maintenance of Internal Reporting    
  The Committee will be
responsible for the following item.   

1.       
      Establish clear
      procedures allowing the Company to efficiently receive, consider, and
      acting upon employee-reported irregularities pertaining to accounting or
      auditing practices and controls, as well as an anonymous submission
      procedure.    
   Internal Audit
       
  The Committee will be
responsible for the following six items.   

1.       
      Review and advise on
      the selection and removal of the internal audit director.   

2.  
      Review the activities
      and organizational structure of the internal audit function, as well as
      the qualifications of its personnel.   

3.  
      Annually review and
      recommend changes (if any) to the internal audit charter.   

4.  
      Periodically review,
      with the internal audit director, any significant difficulties,
      disagreements with management, or scope restrictions encountered in the
      course of the function s work.   

5.  
      Periodically review,
      with the independent auditor, the internal audit function s
      responsibility, budget, and staffing.   

6.  
      Approve the annual
      internal audit plan and any material change to the plan. Review the
      internal auditor s activities for conformance with the Internal Audit
      Charter. Review the internal audit budget, resource plan, activities, and
      organizational structure of the internal audit function with the Chief
      Audit Executive.    
   Ethical Compliance, Legal
Compliance, and Risk Management    8    
  The Committee will be
responsible for the following four items.   

1.       
      Oversee, review, and
      periodically update the Company s code of business conduct and
      ethic  s   and the Company s system to monitor
      compliance with and enforce this code.   

2.  
      Review, with the
      Company s counsel, legal compliance and legal matters that could have a
      significant impact on the Company s financial statements.   

3.  
      Discuss policies with
      respect to risk assessment and risk management, including appropriate
      guidelines and policies to govern the process, as well as the Company s
      major financial risk exposures and the steps management has undertaken to
      control them.   

4.  
      Consider the risk of
      management s ability to override the Company s internal
  controls.     

Reporting    
  The Committee will be
responsible for the following three items.   

1.       
      Report regularly to
      the Board regarding the execution of the Committee s duties and
      responsibilities, activities, any issues encountered and related
      recommendations.   

2.  
      Recommend to the
      Board of directors that the audited financial statements be included in
      the Company s annual report on Form 10-K.   

3.  
      Review and approve
      the report that the SEC requires be included in the Company s annual proxy
      statement.    
   Other Responsibilities
   
  The Committee will be
responsible for the following four items.     

1.       
      Discuss,
      with the independent auditor, the internal auditor, and management, the
      extent to which changes or improvements in financial or accounting
      practices have been implemented.   

2.  
      Review,
      with management, the Company s finance function, including its budget,
      organization, and quality of personnel.   

3.  
      Conduct an
      annual performance assessment relative to the Committee s purpose, duties,
      and responsibilities outlined herein.   

The Committee shall
      review any related party transactions that must be disclosed under Item
      404 of Regulation S-K and recommend to the Board whether to approve or not
      approve the transaction. In its review of related party transactions, the
      Committee shall consider the adequacy of disclosure and overall fairness
      to the Company.   
        A  related party
      transaction  encompasses any transaction, proposed transaction, or series
      of similar transaction with the following three properties: (1) the
      Company is a participant, (2) the amount involved exceeds $120,000
      annually, and (3) a  related person  has or will have a direct or indirect
      material interest. A  related person  is a person fitting any of the
      following four descriptions: (a) a director, executive officer, or nominee
      to become a director, since the last fiscal year, (b) a beneficial owner
      of 5% or more of any class of the Company s voting securities, (c) an
       immediate family member  of any of the foregoing (where  immediate family
      member  means any child, stepchild, parent, stepparent, spouse, sibling,
      mother-in-law, father-in-law, son-in-law, daughter-in-law, brother-in-law,
      or sister-in-law of any of the foregoing), and (d) any person sharing a
      household with any of the foregoing.   
        The Committee s
      evaluation of related party transactions will consider all of the relevant
      circumstances surrounding the transaction, including but not limited to
      (a) the terms of the transaction with the related party, (b) the
      availability of comparable products or services from unrelated third
      parties, (c) terms available from unrelated third parties, and (d) the
      benefits to the Company. The Committee will not recommend a related party
      transaction to the full Board unless the Committee independently
      determines that the related party transaction serves the Company s best
      interest on terms no less favorable to the Company than the Company could
      have secured through an unrelated third party.    

4.       
      Perform any other
      activities consistent with this charter, the company s bylaws, and
      governing laws that the Board or Committee determines are necessary or
      appropriate.     

IV. Procedures
   
   Meetings      
  The chairperson of the
Committee, two or more members of the Committee, or the chairperson of the full
Board may call meetings of the Committee. The Committee will meet at least
quarterly (before filing with the SEC the Company s Quarterly Reports on Form
10-Q and Annual Report on Form 10-K), or more frequently as circumstances
dictate. The Committee s chairperson will approve an agenda for the Committee s
meetings, and any member may suggest items for consideration. Briefing materials
will be provided to the Committee as far in advance of meetings as practicable.
Meetings of the Committee may be in person, by conference call, or by unanimous
written consent, unless otherwise required in the Company s Charter or
Bylaws.  
  The Committee may permit any
person to observe a Committee meeting whose presence the Committee believes to
be necessary or appropriate, but such observers shall not participate in any
discussion or deliberation unless the Committee invites such participation.
Conversely, the Committee may in its sole discretion exclude any non-member of
the Committee from attending a Committee meeting. Under no circumstances may an
observer or any other non-member of the Committee vote at a Committee
meeting.  
  Each regularly scheduled
meeting will conclude with an executive session of the committee absent members
of management. As part of its responsibility to foster open communication, the
Committee will meet periodically with management, the director of the internal
audit function, and the independent auditor in separate executive sessions. In
addition, the Committee will meet with the independent auditor and management to
discuss the annual audited financial statements and quarterly financial
statements, including the Company s disclosures under  Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations .   
   Quorum and Approval
   
  A quorum of the Committee
shall consist of a majority of the Committee members. Approving any Committee
action shall require an affirmative vote by a majority of the members present at
a meeting where a quorum is present.   
   Rules and Procedures
   
  The Committee may propose and
approve additional rules or procedures, including designation of a Chair pro
tempore in the absence of its chairperson, as well as designation of a secretary
of the Committee, at any Committee meeting.   
   Reports    
  The Committee shall maintain
minutes of its meetings, and its chairperson shall make regular oral or written
reports to the full Board, communicating the Committee s actions and
recommendations. Reports must include a discussion of any issues with the
quality or integrity of the Company s financial statements, the Company s
compliance with legal or regulatory requirements, the performance and
independence of the Company s Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, the
performance of the Company s internal audit function, or any other matter the
Committee determines is necessary or advisable to report to the Board.

Committee Charter
Review      
  The Committee shall annually
review the Audit Committee Charter to assess the need for amendments,
recommending any changes by proposal to the full Board for final approval
pursuant to the voting procedures and requirements of the full Board.
  
   Performance
Review      
  The Committee shall annually
review its own performance and also undergo an annual performance evaluation by
the full Board.   
   Fees and
Reimbursements      
  The Board shall set and pay a
fixed fee for service as a member or chairperson of the Committee. The Company
shall also reimburse Committee members for all reasonable expenses incurred in
connection with their duties relevant to the Committee, provided that such
payment is lawful and consistent with Company policy.  
   V. Posting Requirement
   
  The Company shall post this
Charter on the Company s website, as required by applicable rules and
regulations. The Company shall also disclose in its proxy statement for its
annual meeting of stockholders the fact that this Charter is available on the
Company s website.   
  * * *   
  Nothing in this Charter is
intended to create, nor should it be construed to create, any responsibilities
or liabilities of the Committee members in addition to those enumerated herein,
except to the extent required by applicable law.   

</EX-99.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 bkkn-20151231.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 bkkn-20151231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 bkkn-20151231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 bkkn-20151231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 bkkn-20151231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 bkkn-20151231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

