<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161103_10-Q_edgar_data_1138776_0001144204-16-131244_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2682694</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>59470</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>141923</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>705494</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1271242</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>443927</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>13</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-131244.hdr.sgml : 20161103
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161103080225
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-131244
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		39
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161103
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161103

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MEDGENICS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001138776
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS (NO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES) [2836]
		IRS NUMBER:				980217544
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35112
		FILM NUMBER:		161970201

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O MEDGENICS, INC.
		STREET 2:		435 DEVON PARK DRIVE, BLDG 700
		CITY:			WAYNE
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19087
		BUSINESS PHONE:		610-254-4201

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O MEDGENICS, INC.
		STREET 2:		435 DEVON PARK DRIVE, BLDG 700
		CITY:			WAYNE
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19087

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MEDGENICS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20010419

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-131244.txt : 20161103

10-Q
 1
 v450847_10q.htm
 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  WASHINGTON, DC 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

(Mark One)  

For the quarterly period ended September
30, 2016  

OR  

For the transition period from to  

Commission File Number: 001-35112  

Medgenics,
Inc.   
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)   

Delaware  
 (State or other jurisdiction of  
 incorporation or organization)  
      98-0217544  
 (I.R.S. Employer  
 Identification No.)   

435 Devon Park Drive, Suite 715  
 Wayne, Pennsylvania  
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices)  
      19087  
 (Zip Code)   

(610) 254-4201  
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code)   

Not Applicable  
 (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report)   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes  x  No     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes  x  No     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See definition of  large
accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer  
         
     Accelerated filer 
      x   
 
     Non-accelerated filer 
         (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
     Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes     No  x  

As of October 31, 2016, the registrant had
37,097,843 shares of common stock, $0.0001 par value, outstanding 

MEDGENICS,
INC. 
 
CONTENTS 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION  
     2  

ITEM 1 - Financial Statements  
     2  

ITEM 2 - Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
     14  

ITEM 3 - Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk  
     20  

ITEM 4 - Controls and Procedures  
     20  

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION  
     20  

ITEM 1 - Legal Proceedings  
     20  

ITEM 1A - Risk Factors  
     20  

ITEM 2 - Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
     20  

ITEM 3 - Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
     21  

ITEM 4 - Mine Safety Disclosures  
     21  

ITEM 5 - Other Information  
     21  

ITEM 6 - Exhibits  
     21  

Unless the context otherwise requires, all
references in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q to the  Company,   Medgenics,   we,   us 
and  our  refer to Medgenics, Inc., a Delaware corporation organized on January 27, 2000, and its wholly-owned subsidiaries,
Medgenics Medical (Israel) Ltd. and neuroFix, LLC. We use TARGT TM , TARGT EPO  TM , DermaVac TM ,
GeneRide TM  and the Medgenics logo as trademarks in the United States and elsewhere. All other trademarks or trade names
referred to in this document are the property of their respective owners. 

- i -  

MEDGENICS, INC. AND ITS SUBSIDIARY  

PART I - FINANCIAL
INFORMATION 

ITEM 1 - Financial Statements 

MEDGENICS, INC. AND ITS SUBSIDIARY  

INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

As of September 30, 2016  

IN U.S. DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS  

(Unaudited)  

INDEX  

Page  

Consolidated Balance Sheets  
     3  

Consolidated Statements of Operations  
     4  

Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity  
     5  

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  
     6 - 7  

Notes to the Interim Consolidated Financial Statements  
     8 - 13  

- 2 - 

MEDGENICS, INC. AND ITS SUBSIDIARY  

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS   
 
      U.S. dollars in thousands (except share and per share data)   

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of the interim consolidated financial statements. 

- 3 - 

MEDGENICS, INC. AND ITS SUBSIDIARY  

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS   
 
      U.S. dollars in thousands (except share and per share data)   

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of the interim consolidated financial statements.  

- 4 - 

MEDGENICS, INC. AND ITS SUBSIDIARY  

STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY   
 
      U.S. dollars in thousands (except share and per share data)   

(*) Represents an amount lower than $1. 

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of the interim consolidated financial statements. 

- 5 - 

MEDGENICS, INC. AND ITS SUBSIDIARY  

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   
 
      U.S. dollars in thousands   

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of the interim consolidated financial statements. 

- 6 - 

MEDGENICS, INC. AND ITS SUBSIDIARY  

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   
 
      U.S. dollars in thousands   

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of the interim consolidated financial statements. 

- 7 - 

MEDGENICS, INC. AND ITS SUBSIDIARY  

NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
 
      U.S. dollars in thousands (except share and per share data)   

NOTE 1:- GENERAL  

a. 
     Medgenics, Inc. (the  Company ) was incorporated in January 2000 in Delaware. The Company has a wholly-owned subsidiary, Medgenics Medical Israel Ltd. (the  Subsidiary ), which was incorporated in Israel in March 2000. The Company and the Subsidiary are engaged in the research and development of products in the field of biotechnology and associated medical equipment industry.  

b. 
     As reflected in the accompanying financial statements, the Company incurred a net loss for
    the nine month period ended September 30, 2016 of $33,421 and had a negative cash flow from operating activities of $25,271
    during the nine month period ended September 30, 2016. The accumulated deficit as of September 30, 2016 is $171,551. The
    Company and the Subsidiary have not yet generated revenues from product sale.  

c. 
      In June 2016, the Company entered into a Clinical Development
and Option Agreement, or the Development and Option Agreement, with Kyowa Hakko Kirin Co., Ltd., or KHK, relating to the development
and potential commercialization of KHK s first-in-class anti-LIGHT monoclonal antibody, or the Antibody (MDGN-002). Under
the Development and Option Agreement, the Company received an exclusive option for exclusive rights to develop and commercialize
products containing the Antibody, or the Licensed Products, and to conduct various development activities with respect to the Antibody,
including the conduct of a signal finding study testing the Antibody in Severe Pediatric Onset Inflammatory Bowel Disease, or the
Study. 

For a certain period of time after the completion of the Study,
or the Exercise Period, the Company will have the option, or the Option, to obtain exclusive rights for the development and commercialization
of the Antibody. If the Company exercises the Option, KHK will have 60 days to select one of two potential development and commercialization
structures: a co-development/co-commercialization arrangement or a licensing arrangement. 

If, upon the Company s exercise of the Option, KHK chooses to continue the collaboration as a co-development/co-commercialization arrangement, the Company will have the exclusive right to develop, manufacture and commercialize the Licensed Products in the United States and Canada.  The Company will be required to pay KHK an initial license fee in the low single-digit millions of dollars and may pay KHK up to an additional $18 million upon the achievement of certain regulatory milestones related to the Licensed Products. The parties will share the anticipated costs of development of the first Licensed Product in the Field in the United States, Canada and the European Union with the Company responsible for any costs in excess of an agreed cap.   

If,
upon the Company s exercise of the Option, KHK chooses to continue the collaboration as a co-development/co-commercialization
arrangement, the Company will have the exclusive right to develop, manufacture and commercialize the Licensed Products in the
United States and Canada. The Company will be required to pay KHK an initial license fee in the low single-digit millions of dollars
and may pay KHK up to an additional $18 million upon the achievement of certain regulatory milestones related to the Licensed
Products. The parties will share the anticipated costs of development of the first Licensed Product for the treatment, prevention,
and diagnosis of specified pediatric onset rare and orphan inflammatory diseases (including severe pediatric onset inflammatory
bowel diseases such as Crohn s disease and ulcerative colitis, or IBD) and other specified pediatric onset rare and orphan
auto-immune diseases, or, collectively, the Field, in the United States, Canada and the European Union with the Company responsible
for any costs in excess of an agreed cap.  

NOTE 2:- SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES  

a.  The accompanying unaudited interim financial statements of the Company, have been prepared in
                                                                             accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ( U.S. GAAP ) and the rules of
                                                                             the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) and should be read in conjunction with the audited financial
                                                                             statements and notes thereto included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 ( 2015
                                                                             Form 10-K ) as filed with the SEC. In the opinion of management, all adjustments, consisting of normal recurring
                                                                             adjustments, necessary for a fair presentation of financial position and the results of operations for the interim periods
                                                                             presented have been reflected herein. The results of operations for interim periods are not necessarily indicative of the
                                                                             results to be expected for the full year. Notes to the financial statements that would substantially duplicate the disclosure
                                                                             contained in the audited financial statements for the most recent fiscal year as reported in the 2015 Form 10-K have been
                                                                             omitted. 

- 8 - 

MEDGENICS, INC. AND ITS SUBSIDIARY  

NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
 
      U.S. dollars in thousands (except share and per share data)   

NOTE 2:- SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont.)  

b.  Recently issued accounting pronouncements:   

In August 2014, the FASB issued
ASU No. 2014-15, Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, or ASU
2014-15. ASU 2014-15 requires management to assess an entity s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related
disclosures in certain circumstances. The requirements of ASU 2014-15 will be effective for the annual financial statement period
beginning after December 15, 2016, with early adoption permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact that the adoption
of the standards may have on our consolidated financial statements and additional changes may be identified. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09, Improvements
to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting, which amends ASC Topic 718, Compensation   Stock Compensation, and includes
provisions intended to simplify various aspects related to how share-based payments are accounted for and presented in the financial
statements. The new standard is effective for our annual period ending after December 15, 2016, and for annual and interim
periods thereafter, with early adoption permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact that the adoption of the standards may
have on our consolidated financial statements and additional changes may be identified. 

Other accounting standards that have been issued
or proposed by the FASB or other standards-setting bodies that do not require adoption until a future date are not expected to
have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements upon adoption.    

NOTE 3:- SEVERANCE PAY  

In February 2016, one of the Company s executives was terminated. As a result, the Company recorded severance benefits in the approximate amount of $1,000 of which $483 was paid in February 2016 and the remainder, to be paid in January 2017, is included in  Other accounts payable and accrued expenses . 

In addition, all options granted
to such executive under the Company s stock incentive plan became fully vested and shall remain exercisable through the 24-month
anniversary of the termination date. As a result of this termination, the non-cash equity compensation expense included in general
and administrative expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 is nil and $922, respectively. 

- 9 - 

MEDGENICS, INC. AND ITS SUBSIDIARY  

NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
 
      U.S. dollars in thousands (except share and per share data)   

NOTE 4:- STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY  

a. 
     Issuance of shares to investors:  

In June 2016, the Company completed an underwritten public offering of 3,835,261 shares of common stock, including 195,261 shares sold pursuant to the partial exercise of an option granted to the underwriters to purchase additional shares of common stock. The shares were offered to the public at a price of $5.50 per share.  Gross proceeds were $21,094 or approximately $19,556 in net proceeds after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of $1,266 and other offering costs of approximately $272.  

b. 
     Issuance of stock options and warrants to employees and directors:  

A summary of the Company's activity for options and warrants granted to employees and directors is as follows:  

Calculation of aggregate intrinsic value
is based on the closing share price of the Company's common stock as reported on the NYSE MKT on September 30, 2016 ($5.57 per
share). 

As of September 30, 2016, there was $7,572
of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested share-based compensation arrangements granted to employees and directors.
That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 1.8 years. 

- 10 - 

MEDGENICS, INC. AND ITS SUBSIDIARY  

NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
 
      U.S. dollars in thousands (except share and per share data)   

NOTE 4:- STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (Cont.)  

b. 
     Issuance of stock options and
warrants to employees and directors (cont.):  

The Company has granted stock options to certain R D
employees of the Company, which contain performance-based vesting criteria. Stock-based compensation expense associated with these
performance-based stock options is recognized if the achievement of the performance condition is considered probable based on
management s best estimate   . 

c. 
     Issuance of options and warrants to consultants:  

A summary of the Company's activity for warrants and options granted to consultants is as follows:  

Calculation of aggregate intrinsic value is based on the closing share price of the Company's common stock as reported on the NYSE MKT on September 30, 2016 ($5.57 per share).  

As of September 30, 2016, there was $16 of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested share-based compensation arrangements granted to consultants. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of one year.   

d. 
     Compensation expenses:  

Compensation expenses related to restricted shares, warrants and options granted to employees, directors and consultants was recorded in the Consolidated Statement of Operations in the following line items:  

- 11 - 

MEDGENICS, INC. AND ITS SUBSIDIARY  

NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
 
      U.S. dollars in thousands (except share and per share data)   

NOTE 4:- STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (Cont.)  

e. 
      Summary of shares to be issued upon exercise of options and warrants:  

A summary of shares to be issued upon exercise of all the options and warrants, segregated into ranges, as of September 30, 2016 is presented in the following table:  

f. 
     In April 2016, the stockholders approved an amendment to the Company s stock incentive plan increasing the number of shares of common stock authorized for issuance thereunder to a total of 9,178,571 shares of common stock.  

- 12 - 

MEDGENICS, INC. AND ITS SUBSIDIARY  

NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
 
      U.S. dollars in thousands (except share and per share data)   

NOTE 5:- LOSS PER SHARE  

Details
in the computation of diluted loss per share: 

(*) 
     Financial income resulted from changes in fair value of warrants classified as liability.  

The total weighted average number
of shares related to the outstanding options, warrants and restricted shares excluded from the calculations of diluted loss per
share due to their anti-dilutive effect was 16,811,804 and 17,897,262 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015
respectively. 

- 13 - 

ITEM 2 - Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition
and results of operations should be read together with our financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q.  

Forward-Looking Statements 

This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains
 forward-looking statements  that involve risks and uncertainties, as well as assumptions that, if they never materialize
or prove incorrect, could cause our results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.
The statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that are not purely historical are forward-looking statements within
the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. Forward-looking statements are often identified by the use of words such
as, but not limited to,  can,   may,   will,   should,   could,   would, 
 expects,   plans,   continues,   anticipates,   intends,   seeks, 
 targets,   believes,   estimates,   projects,   predicts,   potential 
and similar expressions or variations intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements are based on the beliefs
and assumptions of our management based on information currently available to them. Such forward-looking statements are subject
to risks, uncertainties and other important factors that could cause actual results and the timing of certain events to differ
materially from future results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute
to such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed in the section titled  Risk Factors  in Part I,
Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, and any updates to those risk factors included
in Part II, Item 1A of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Furthermore, such forward-looking statements speak only as of the date
of this report. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events
or circumstances after the date of such statements. 

Overview 

We are a clinical stage biopharmaceutical
company with an emphasis on genomic medicine. The National Human Genome Research Institute of the National Institute of Health
defines  genomic medicine  as  an emerging medical discipline that involves using genomic information about an
individual as part of their clinical care (e.g., for diagnostic or therapeutic decision-making) and the health outcomes and policy
implications of that clinical use.  Genomic medicine is currently being studied in the fields of oncology, pharmacology,
rare and undiagnosed diseases, autoimmune disorders and infectious disease. 

We have partnered with the Center for Applied
Genomics, or CAG, at The Children s Hospital of Philadelphia, or CHOP, to implement a genomics-medicine driven approach to
drug development. CAG s assets include a fully automated biorepository containing specimens from more than 75,000 pediatric
patients and 150,000 of their relatives. The sample is highly enriched for rare and orphan diseases and the large majority of patients
have been genotyped. Their phenotypes are recorded in a modern electronic health record that is linked to the genomics database.
The patients have consented to anonymized use of their data for research and follow up contact if needed. 

CAG continues to discover important and
novel genetic biomarkers by both genome-wide association studies and exome sequencing and analysis of affected individuals and
their family members. Such markers not only identify patients with the disease but frequently point to the cause of the disease
and suggest targets and feasible intervention strategies that include protein or peptide therapy, monoclonal antibodies, drugs
or gene therapy. By working initially in pediatric populations of specific diseases, confounding environmental factors seen in
older patients are minimized. 

Our therapeutic strategy is to work closely
with our collaborators at CAG to identify populations of need with well-characterized, novel, genetically-defined targets. We then
designate an actionable therapeutic development approach based upon the target, the biology and human pathophysiology, and the
clinical and regulatory pathways. The collaboration affords us with unique and proprietary insight into these diseases and allows
us to better select therapeutic approaches, including the appropriateness of applying our TARGT TM  gene therapy technology.
This, in turn, allows us to rapidly identify appropriate potential therapeutics that have already been tested in patients but were
not advanced due to either lack of efficacy in a different patient population or for strategic reasons. We believe there are hundreds
of such therapeutics potentially available for development. Many of these have remaining composition of matter patent life and
many would be eligible for regulatory exclusivity based on first registration (up to 12 years for biologics), as well as orphan
drug and additional pediatric exclusivity. Because these potential therapeutics have already been tested in patients and have significant
regulatory safety data generated, the time and cost to file an investigational new drug application in the United States or investigational
medicinal product dossier in Europe and initiate additional clinical trials, should be substantially reduced. 

- 14 - 

In addition, the availability of robust
genetic biomarkers allows trial designs to focus on highly enriched patient populations that are more likely to respond to targeted
therapies. This can allow smaller, more focused and less expensive clinical trials. Likewise, highly targeted drugs that are less
likely to exhibit off-target effects can be used when available. This could enhance the likelihood of clinical and regulatory success,
and potentially requires smaller, easier-to-enroll clinical trials. In some cases it may be possible to advance from discovery
to the clinic in less than two years, and to achieve proof of concept in as little as three years. Furthermore, such highly targeted
therapies in specifically targeted diseases should allow the creation of higher value medicines that can address critical needs
in patients suffering from rare and orphan diseases. The solid genetic foundation underlying these disease targets along with highly
targeted therapies may also allow rapid label expansion into adjacent populations. 

Our initial program arising out of our genomic
medicine strategy is the development candidate NFC-1 (MDGN-001). Through our acquisition of neuroFix, LLC, or neuroFix, in September
2015, we acquired the rights to develop NFC-1, as well as the rights to certain data derived from a clinical trial and other studies
of NFC-1. NFC-1 is a first-in-class, non-stimulant metabotropic glutamate receptor, or mGluR, neuromodulator that is being developed
for the treatment of mGluR network mutation positive Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder, or ADHD, as well as neuropsychiatric
symptoms resulting from a related rare genetic disorder, 22q11.2 Deletion Syndrome. We intend to develop NFC-1 for the treatment
of mGluR network mutation positive ADHD, or mGluR+ ADHD, and certain other neurological and neuropsychological indications. A Phase
2/3 trial for mGLuR+ ADHD is currently enrolling patients. A Phase 1b trial for the treatment of the psychiatric symptoms of 22q11.2
Deletion Syndrome is now recruiting and is expected to begin enrolling patients in the fourth quarter of 2016. A Phase 1b clinical
trial of NFC-1 in adolescents with ADHD and disruptions in the mGluR gene network was completed in 2015, demonstrating the safety
of NFC-1 and signaling potential efficacy in the adolescents treated. 

Anti-LIGHT Monoclonal Antibody 

Our second development program to come from
the CHOP collaboration is for the development and potential commercialization of a first-in-class anti-LIGHT monoclonal antibody,
or the Antibody (MDGN-002). In June 2016 we entered into the Development and Option Agreement with KHK. Under the Development and
Option Agreement, we received an exclusive option for exclusive rights to develop and commercialize products containing the Antibody,
or a Licensed Product, and to conduct various development activities with respect to the Antibody, including the conduct of a signal
finding study testing the Antibody in Severe Pediatric Onset Inflammatory Bowel Disease, or the Study. The Study, expected to initiate
in the fourth quarter of 2016, will be conducted under an existing investigational new drug application previously filed with the
United States Food and Drug Administration by KHK and transferred to us pursuant to the Development and Option Agreement. 

For a certain period of time after the completion
of the Study, or the Exercise Period, we will have the option, or the Option, to obtain exclusive rights for the development and
commercialization of the Antibody. If we exercise the Option, KHK will have 60 days to select one of two potential development
and commercialization structures: a co-development/co-commercialization arrangement (Plan A) or a licensing arrangement (Plan B).
Terms for both structures have been fully negotiated with the terms for each structure set forth in exhibits to the Development
and Option Agreement. 

Co-Development/Co-Commercialization Arrangement
(Plan A) 

Under the co-development/co-commercialization
arrangement (Plan A), we will have the exclusive right to develop, manufacture and commercialize the Licensed Products in the Field
in the United States and Canada. We will also be responsible for development and regulatory approval of the first Licensed Product
in the European Union and then transferring such regulatory approval to KHK or its designee. We will be responsible for the manufacture
of the Licensed Products for use by the parties in clinical trials as well as for commercialization in their respective fields
and/or territories, with KHK purchasing the Licensed Products from us. 

- 15 - 

We will be required to pay KHK an initial
license fee in the low single-digit millions of dollars upon the co-development/co-commercialization arrangement becoming effective.
We may pay KHK up to an additional $18 million upon the achievement of certain regulatory milestones related to the Licensed Products.
The parties will share the anticipated costs of development of the first Licensed Product in the Field in the United States, Canada
and the European Union with the Company responsible for any costs in excess of an agreed cap. The parties will split profits from
our sales of Licensed Products in the United States and Canada equally. KHK will pay us low double-digit royalties for sales of
Licensed Products outside the United States and Canada and outside the Field in the United States and Canada. 

Licensing Arrangement (Plan B) 

Under the licensing arrangement (Plan B),
we will have the exclusive right to develop, manufacture and commercialize the Licensed Products in the Field in the United States,
Canada and the European Union. We will be responsible for the manufacture of the Licensed Products for use by the parties in clinical
trials as well as for commercialization in their respective fields and/or territories. 

We will be required to pay KHK an initial
license fee in the low single-digit millions of dollars upon the licensing arrangement becoming effective. We may pay KHK up to
an additional $28 million upon the achievement of certain regulatory milestones related to the Licensed Products. The parties will
split profits from our sales of Licensed Products in the United States, Canada and the European Union with us being entitled to
approximately 74% of such profits and KHK being entitled to approximately 26% of such profits. KHK will pay us low double-digit
royalties for sales of Licensed Products outside the United States, Canada and the European Union and outside the Field in the
United States, Canada and the European Union. We will be responsible for costs of development of Licensed Products in the United
States, Canada and the European Union. KHK will have the right to purchase the Licensed Products from us. 

Financial Operations Overview 

We have generated significant losses to
date, and we expect to continue to generate losses as we progress towards the commercialization of our product candidates. We incurred
net losses of approximately $33.42 million for the nine month period ended September 30, 2016. As of September 30, 2016, we had
stockholders  equity of approximately $42.83 million. As of September 30, 2016, we had cash and cash equivalents of $47.26
million, which we believe will provide funding for our operations at least through the first quarter of 2018. We are unable to
predict the extent of any future losses or when we will become profitable, if at all. 

Research and Development Expense 

Research and development expense consists
of: (i) internal costs associated with our development activities; (ii) payments we make to third party contract research organizations,
contract manufacturers, clinical trial sites and consultants; (iii) technology and intellectual property license costs; (iv) manufacturing
development costs; (v) personnel related expenses, including salaries, and other related costs, including stock-based compensation
expense, for the personnel involved in product development; (vi) activities related to regulatory filings and the advancement of
our product candidates through preclinical studies and clinical trials; and (vii) facilities and other allocated expenses, which
include direct and allocated expenses for rent, facility maintenance, as well as laboratory and other supplies. All research and
development costs are expensed as incurred. 

Conducting a significant amount of development
is central to our business model. Product candidates in later-stage clinical development generally have higher development costs
than those in earlier stages of development, primarily due to the significantly increased size and duration of the clinical trials.
Research and development expenses will likely increase as we advance the development of NFC-1 (MDGN-001) and the Antibody (MDGN-002)
and look to advance our earlier-stage research and development projects. 

The process of conducting pre-clinical studies
and clinical trials necessary to obtain regulatory approval is costly and time consuming. The probability of success for each product
candidate and clinical trial may be affected by a variety of factors, including, among others, the quality of the product candidate s
early clinical data, investment in the program, competition, manufacturing capabilities and commercial viability. As a result of
these uncertainties, together with the uncertainty associated with clinical trial enrollments and the risks inherent in the development
process, we are unable to determine the duration and completion costs of current or future clinical stages of our product candidates
or when, or to what extent, we will generate revenues from the commercialization and sale of any of our product candidates. Development
timelines, probability of success and development costs vary widely. We are concurrently focusing on the development and potential
commercialization of the Antibody (MDGN-002) under the Development and Option Agreement with KHK, advancing the development of
NFC-1 (MDGN-001) and advancing our earlier-stage research and development projects, including a second-generation TARGT system
and the application of TARGT in the central nervous system. 

- 16 - 

Research and development expenses are shown
net of participation by third parties. 

General and Administrative Expense 

General and administrative expense consists
primarily of salaries and other related costs, including stock-based compensation expense, for persons serving as our directors
and in our executive, finance and accounting functions. Other general and administrative expense includes facility-related costs
not otherwise included in research and development expense, costs associated with industry and trade shows, and professional fees
for legal services and accounting services. 

Results of Operations for the Nine Months Ended September
30, 2016 and 2015 

Research and Development Expenses 

Gross research and development expenses
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 were $23.42 million increasing from $12.93 million for the same period in 2015 mainly
due to increased sub-contractor costs to advance our clinical activities related to NFC-1 (MDGN-001) program. Net research and
development expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 were $23.22 million, increasing from $11.13 million for the same
period in 2015. The increase in net research and development expenses was due to the increase in gross research and development
expenses as detailed above in addition to a decrease of $1.60 million in the amount of development grants received from the Israeli
Office of the Chief Scientist, or the OCS. 

Non-recurring research and development expenses
of $8.17 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 were related to the neuroFix acquisition, which was accounted for
as a purchase of an asset in accordance with ASC 805 and thus recorded as expense. 

General and Administrative Expenses 

General and administrative expenses for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 were $10.18 million, decreasing from $10.83 million for the same period in 2015 primarily
due to a decrease in stock-based compensation expenses related to options granted to directors, which was offset in part by severance
benefits recorded upon the termination of an officer. 

Financial Income and Expenses 

Financial income for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015 was de minimis. 

Financial expenses for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 were de minimis, decreasing from $1.43 million for the same period in 2015. The $1.43 million of financial expenses
in 2015 was mainly due to an increase in the valuation of our warrant liability. All warrants requiring revaluation were exercised
in 2015, thus eliminating such liability in 2016. 

Results of Operations for the Three Months Ended September
30, 2016 and 2015 

Research and Development Expenses 

Gross and net research and development expenses
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 were $7.73 million and $7.53 million, respectively, increasing from $4.57 million
and $4.20 million, respectively, for the same period in 2015 mainly due to increased sub-contractor costs to advance our clinical
activities related to the NFC-1 (MDGN-001) program. 

- 17 - 

Non-recurring research and development expenses
of $8.17 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015 were related to the neuroFix acquisition, which was accounted for
as a purchase of an asset in accordance with ASC 805 and thus recorded to expense. 

General and Administrative Expenses 

General and administrative expenses for
the three months ended September 30, 2016 were $3.04 million, increasing slightly from $3.0 million for the same period in 2015. 

Financial Income and Expenses 

Financial income for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015 was de minimis. 

Financial expenses for the three months
ended September 30, 2016 were de minimis, decreasing from $1.19 million for the same period in 2015. The $1.19 million of financial
expenses in 2015 was mainly due to an increase in the valuation of our warrant liability. All warrants requiring revaluation were
exercised in 2015, thus eliminating such liability in 2016. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Sources of Liquidity 

We have financed our operations primarily
through a combination of equity issues, debt issues and grants from the OCS and other third parties. 

We received $13.97 million from inception
through September 30, 2016 from the OCS in development grants, $0.41 million of which was received during the nine months ended
September 30, 2016. 

In June 2016, we completed a registered
public offering of 3,835,261 shares of common stock, which includes 195,261 shares sold pursuant to the partial exercise of the
underwriters  over-allotment option, at a price to the public of $5.50 per share. The net proceeds from this offering to
us were approximately $19.56 million, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses of $1.54 million. 

Cash Flows 

We had cash and cash equivalents of $47.26
million at September 30, 2016 and $53.06 million at December 31, 2015. The decrease in our cash balance during the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 was primarily related to an increase in cash used in operating activities during the nine months ended
September 30, 2016, which was offset by the net proceeds of the registered public offering of common stock during the period of
$19.56 million. 

Net cash used in operating activities of
$25.27 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and $16.88 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 primarily
reflected our cash expenses for our operations. 

Net cash used in investing activities relates
to our purchases of property and equipment. 

Net cash provided by financing activities
during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $19.72 million, primarily the result of net proceeds of the registered public
offering of $19.57 million. Net cash provided by financing activities of $1.34 million during the nine months ended September 30,
2015 was the result of the exercise of options and warrants. 

Funding Requirements 

Our future capital requirements will depend
on a number of factors, including our success in targeting rare and orphan disease candidates, the timing and outcome of clinical
trials and regulatory approvals, the costs involved in preparing, filing, prosecuting, maintaining, defending, and enforcing patent
claims and other intellectual property rights, the acquisition of licenses to new products or compounds, the status of competitive
products, the availability of financing, and our success in developing markets for our product candidates. 

- 18 - 

Without taking into account any revenue
we may receive as a result of licensing or other commercialization agreements, we believe that cash on hand, including the net
proceeds we received from our public offerings of common stock in the fourth quarter of 2015 and the second quarter of 2016, will
be sufficient to enable us to fund our operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements at least through the first quarter
of 2018. We have based this estimate on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we could use our available resources sooner
than we currently expect. Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with the development and commercialization
of our product candidates, we are unable to estimate the amounts of increased capital outlays and operating expenditures associated
with our current and anticipated clinical trials. 

We do not anticipate that we will generate
revenue from the sale of products for several years or more given the uncertainty of drug development. In the absence of additional
funding or adequate funding from commercialization agreements, we expect our continuing operating losses to result in decreases
in our cash balances. Absent significant corporate collaboration and licensing arrangements, we will need to finance our future
cash needs through public or private equity offerings or debt financings. We do not currently have any commitments for future external
funding. We may need to raise additional funds more quickly if one or more of our assumptions prove to be incorrect or if we choose
to expand our product development efforts more rapidly than we presently anticipate, and we may decide to raise additional funds
even before we need them if the conditions for raising capital are favorable. We may seek to encourage holders of our warrants
to exercise, sell additional equity or debt securities or obtain a bank credit facility. The sale of additional equity or debt
securities, if convertible, could result in dilution to our stockholders. The incurrence of indebtedness would result in increased
fixed obligations and could also result in covenants that would restrict our operations. 

Our plans include seeking additional investments
and commercial agreements to continue our operations. However, there is no assurance that we will be successful in our efforts
to raise the necessary capital and/or reach such commercial agreements to continue our planned research and development activities. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

Our management s discussion and analysis
of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to
make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities and expenses. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate
these estimates and judgments, including those described below. We base our estimates on our historical experience and on various
other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. These estimates and assumptions form the basis for
making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results
and experiences may differ materially from these estimates. 

While our significant accounting policies
are more fully described in Note 2 to our financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, we believe
that the following accounting policies are the most critical to aid you in fully understanding and evaluating our reported financial
results and affect the more significant judgments and estimates that we use in the preparation of our financial statements. 

Stock-Based Compensation 

We account for stock options granted to
employees and directors according to the Accounting Standards Codification No. 718 (ASC 718)  Compensation   Stock
Compensation.  Under ASC 718, stock-based compensation cost is measured at grant date, based on the estimated fair value
of the award, and is recognized as an expense over the requisite service period on a straight-line basis. 

For the purpose of valuing options granted
to our employees and directors during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we used the Binomial options pricing model.
To determine the risk-free interest rate, we utilized the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant with a term
consistent with the expected term of our awards. We estimated the expected life of the options granted based on anticipated exercises
in the future periods assuming the success of our business model as currently forecast. The expected dividend yield reflects our
current and expected future policy for dividends on our common stock. The expected stock price volatility for our stock options
was calculated by examining historical volatilities for publicly traded industry peers as we do not have sufficient trading history
for our common stock. We will continue to analyze the expected stock price volatility and expected term assumptions as more historical
data for our common stock becomes available. We currently estimate that we will experience 8% forfeitures for those options currently
outstanding. 

- 19 - 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

There have been no material changes to the
discussion of off-balance sheet arrangements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

ITEM 3 - Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures about Market Risk 

There has been no significant change in
our exposure to market risk during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. For a discussion of our exposure to market risk, refer
to Part II, Item 7A,  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk,  contained in our Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

ITEM 4 - Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures 

As required by Rule 13a-15(b) of the Exchange
Act, in connection with the filing of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and
with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, of the effectiveness
of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange
Act) as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive
officer and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30,
2016, the end of the period covered by this report. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the quarter ended September 30,
2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1 - Legal Proceedings 

We are not currently a party, as plaintiff
or defendant, to any legal proceedings which, individually or in the aggregate, are expected by us to have a material effect on
our business, financial condition or results of operation if determined adversely to us. 

ITEM 1A - Risk Factors 

There are no material changes from the risk
factors previously disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

ITEM 2 - Unregistered Sales of Equity
Securities and Use of Proceeds 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None 

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and
Affiliated Purchasers 

None 

- 20 - 

ITEM 3 - Defaults Upon Senior Securities 

None 

ITEM 4 - Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable 

ITEM 5 - Other Information 

None 

ITEM 6 -
Exhibits 

Exhibit No.  
       
      Description   

3.1 
       
     Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (previously filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed November 5, 2010 (File No. 333-170425) and incorporated herein by reference).  

3.2 
       
     Certificate of Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (previously filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed November 5, 2010 (File No. 333-170425) and incorporated herein by reference).  

3.3 
       
     Certificate of Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation dated as of February 14, 2011 (previously filed as Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to Form S-1 on Form S-3 filed July 16, 2012 (File No. 333-170425) and incorporated herein by reference).  

3.4 
       
     Second Amended and Restated By-Laws (previously filed as Exhibit 3.3 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011 and incorporated herein by reference).  

31.1 
       
     Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith).  

31.2 
       
     Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith).  

32.1 
       
     Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished herewith).  

101 
       
     Interactive Data File (filed herewith).  

- 21 - 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

MEDGENICS, INC.   

Date: November 3, 2016 
     By: 
       
     /s/ Michael F. Cola  

Michael F. Cola 
President and Chief Executive Officer 
(Principal Executive Officer)  

Date: November 3, 2016 
     By: 
       
     /s/ Brian D. Piper  

Brian D. Piper 
Chief Financial Officer  
(Principal Financial Officer)  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 v450847_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE
OFFICER  

  PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002  

I, Michael F. Cola, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Medgenics, Inc.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and   

(d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in case of the annual report) that
has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and   

(b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.   

MEDGENICS, INC.  

Date: November 3, 2016 
     /s/ Michael F. Cola  

Michael F. Cola  
          President and Chief Executive Officer   
          (Principal Executive Officer)    

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 v450847_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2  

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE
OFFICER  

  PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002  

I, Brian D. Piper, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Medgenics, Inc.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and   

(d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in case of the annual report) that
has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and   

(b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.   

MEDGENICS, INC.  

Date: November 3, 2016 
     /s/ Brian D. Piper  

Brian D. Piper  
          Chief Financial Officer   
          (Principal Financial Officer)    

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 v450847_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, AS ADOPTED  

  PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002  

Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 (Chapter 63, Title 18 U.S.C.   1350(a) and (b)), each of the undersigned hereby certifies that, to his knowledge,
the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 of Medgenics, Inc. (the  Company ) fully
complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and that the
information contained in such report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Date: November 3, 2016 
     /s/ Michael F. Cola  

Michael F. Cola   

President and Chief Executive Officer   

(Principal Executive Officer)   

Date: November 3, 2016 
     /s/ Brian D. Piper  

Brian D. Piper   

Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Financial Officer)   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 mdgn-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 mdgn-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 mdgn-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 mdgn-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 mdgn-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 mdgn-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

