<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-KT-A_edgar_data_1556179_0001144204-16-134271_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>184281</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>80441</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>0</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>83745</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>4</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>3</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-134271.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114163941
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-134271
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-KT/A
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		4
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			RMR Industrials, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001556179
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MISCELLANEOUS BUSINESS SERVICES [7380]
		IRS NUMBER:				460750094
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-KT/A
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55402
		FILM NUMBER:		161995423

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9301 WILSHIRE BLVD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 312
		CITY:			BEVERLY HILLS
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90210
		BUSINESS PHONE:		310-492-5010

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9301 WILSHIRE BLVD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 312
		CITY:			BEVERLY HILLS
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90210

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ONLINE YEARBOOK
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20120813

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-134271.txt : 20161114

10-KT/A
 1
 v452956_10kta.htm
 10-KT/A

UNITED STATES   

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-KT/A  

  (Amendment No. 1)  

OR   

For the transition period from October
1, 2015 to March 31, 2016  

Commission file number: 333-185046  

RMR Industrials, Inc.   

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter) 

(310) 492-5010   

 (Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: None   

(Name of exchange on which listed) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act:  

  Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share

(Title of each class) 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned
issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.    Yes         No   x  

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to
file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act.    Yes         No  
 x  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed
all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes   x     No      

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted
electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit
and post such files.    Yes         No  
 x  

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant
to Item 405 of Regulation S-K Section 229.405 is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s
knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment
to this Form 10-K.      

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definition of  large accelerated
filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange
Act. 

Large accelerated filer  
         
      Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  
         
      Smaller reporting company  
      x   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).    Yes         No   x  

The aggregate market value of the voting common stock held by
non-affiliates of the registrant, based upon the closing sale price of the Common Stock on September 30, 2015 was N/A. 

As of June 27, 2016, the Company had 35,785,858 Shares of Class
A Common Stock and 990,959 Shares of Class B Common Stock outstanding. 

EXPLANATORY NOTE  

RMR Industrials, Inc.,
a Nevada corporation (the  Company ), is filing this Amendment No. 1 to our Form 10-KT for the transition period from
October 1, 2015 to March 31, 2016, originally filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 28, 2016, for the purpose
of including as exhibits (i) the consent of Hein   Associates LLP attached hereto as Exhibit 23.1, (ii) the Company s
2015 Equity Incentive Plan attached hereto as Exhibit 10.10, and (iii) the form of Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement pursuant
to the Company s 2015 Equity Incentive Plan attached hereto as Exhibit 10.11. This Amendment No. 1 speaks as of the original
filing date of the Form 10-KT and reflects only the changes to the cover page and Item 15 of Part IV. No other information included
in the Form 10-KT has been modified or updated in any way. 

PART IV   

Item 15.   
       Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules.    

(a)     Financial
Statements and Financial Statement Schedules:   

There are no financial statements or financial
statement schedules being filed with this report on Form 10-KT/A. See the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements in the Transition
Report on Form 10-KT filed on June 28, 2016.   

(b)      Exhibits:  

Exhibit  
 Number   
       
      Description    

2.1  
       
      Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated February 27, 2015, between RMR Industrials, Inc., OLYB Acquisition Corporation and RMR IP, Inc. (incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed on April 14, 2015).   

3.1  
       
      Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed on April 14, 2015).   

3.2  
       
      Certificate of Change to Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 4, 2015).    

3.3  
       
      Amended and Restated Bylaws (incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 27, 2015).    

4.1  
       
      Form of Warrant (incorporated by reference to our Amendment No. 4 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on October 8, 2015).   

10.1  
       
      Management Services Agreement dated as of February 1, 2015, between Industrial Management LLC and RMR IP, Inc. (incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed on April 14, 2015).   

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
on November 14, 2016, thereunto duly authorized. 

RMR INDUSTRIALS, INC.    

Dated: November 14, 2016  
       
      By:    
       /s/ Chad Brownstein     

Chad Brownstein   

Chief Executive Officer and Director   

(Principal Executive Officer)   

Dated: November 14, 2016  
       
      By:  
       /s/ Gregory Dangler     

Gregory Dangler   

Chief Financial Officer and Director   

(Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting
    Officer)   

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report on Form 10-KT/A has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and
in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Dated: November 14, 2016  
      By:  
       /s/ Chad Brownstein     

Chad Brownstein, Chief Executive Officer and Director   

(Principal Executive Officer)   

Dated: November 14, 2016  
      By:  
       /s/ Gregory Dangler     

Gregory Dangler, Chief Financial Officer and Director   

(Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)   

Dated: November 14, 2016  
      By:  
       /s/ Andrew Peltz     

Andrew Peltz, Director   

<EX-10.10>
 2
 v452956_ex10-10.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.10

EXHIBIT 10.10 

RMR INDUSTRIALS, INC. 

 2015 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 

1.         Purpose   . 
The purpose of this RMR Industrials, Inc. 2015 Equity Incentive Plan (the  Plan ) is to assist RMR Industrials, Inc.,
a Nevada corporation (the  Company ), and its subsidiaries in attracting, retaining, and rewarding high-quality executives,
employees, and other persons who provide services to the Company and/or its Affiliates and Subsidiaries, by enabling these persons
to acquire or increase a proprietary interest in the Company. 

2.         Definitions   . 
For purposes of the Plan, the following terms shall be defined as set forth below, in addition to such terms defined in  Section
1  hereof: 

(a)        Affiliate 
means an entity which is not a Subsidiary, but in which the Company has an equity interest, provided, however, that no entity will
be considered an Affiliate for purposes of an Award of Nonqualified Stock Options or SARs to an employee or director of, or consultant
to, the entity unless the Stock would be considered  service recipient stock  within the meaning of Code Section 409A,
in the context of such an Award. 

(b)        Award 
means an award under the Plan of Options, SARs, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Performance Shares, Performance Units
or Other Stock-Based Awards granted under the Plan. 

(c)        Beneficiary 
means the person(s), trust(s) or estate who or which by designation of the Participant in his or her most recent written beneficiary
designation filed with the Company or by operation of law succeeds to the rights and obligations of the Participant under the Plan
and Award agreement upon such Participant s death. 

(d)        Board 
means the Board of Directors of the Company. 

(e)        Cause 
means, unless otherwise defined in an Award agreement or in an Employment Agreement: 

(1)       the
commission by the Participant of (A) a felony or (B) any serious crime involving fraud, dishonesty or breach of trust; 

(2)        gross
negligence or intentional misconduct by the Participant with respect to the Company or any affiliate thereof or in the performance
of his duties to the Company or any affiliate thereof; 

(3)  failure
to follow a reasonable, lawful and specific direction of the President and CEO of the Company; 

(4)        failure
by the Participant to cooperate in any corporate investigation, or 

(5)        breach
by the Participant of any material provision of an employment agreement entered into between the Company or its subsidiaries and
the Participant, which breach is not corrected by the Participant within ten (10) calendar days after receipt by the Participant
of written notice from the Company or Affiliate of such breach. 

For purposes of this definition,
no act or failure to act by the Participant shall be considered  intentional  unless done or omitted to be done by
the Participant in bad faith and without reasonable belief that the Participant s action or omission was in the best interests
of the Company or Affiliate. 

(f)        Change
of Control  means the happening of any of the following events: 

(1)       The
acquisition by any individual, entity or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act (a  Person ))
of beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act) of 20% or more of either (A) the
then outstanding shares of Common Stock (the  Outstanding Company Common Stock ) or (B) the combined voting power of
the then outstanding voting securities of the Company entitled to vote generally in the election of directors (the  Outstanding
Company Voting Securities ), provided, however, that the following acquisitions shall not constitute a Change of Control:
(i) any acquisition directly from the Company; (ii) any acquisition by the Company; (iii) any acquisition by any employee benefit
plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by the Company or any company controlled by the Company; or (iv) any acquisition
by any corporation pursuant to a transaction described in  clauses (A), (B) and (C) of paragraph (3) of this Section 2(f) ;
or 

(2) Individuals
who, as of the effective date of the Plan, constitute the Board (the  Incumbent Board ) cease for any reason to constitute
at least a majority of the Board, provided, however, that any individual becoming a director subsequent to such effective date
whose election, or nomination for election by the stockholders of the Company, was approved by a vote of at least a majority of
the directors then comprising the Incumbent Board shall be considered as though such individual were a member of the Incumbent
Board, but excluding, for this purpose, any such individual whose initial assumption of office occurs as a result of an actual
or threatened election contest with respect to the election or removal of directors or other actual or threatened solicitation
of proxies or consents by or on behalf of a Person other than the Board; or 

(3) Approval
by the stockholders of the Company of a reorganization, merger, share exchange or consolidation (a  Business Combination ),
unless, in each case following such Business Combination: (A) all or substantially all of the individuals and entities who were
the beneficial owners, respectively, of the Outstanding Company Common Stock and Outstanding Company Voting Securities immediately
prior to such Business Combination beneficially own, directly or indirectly, more than 50% of, respectively, the then-outstanding
shares of common stock and the combined voting power of the then-outstanding voting securities entitled to vote generally in the
election of directors, as the case may be, of the corporation resulting from such Business Combination (including, without limitation,
a corporation that as a result of such transaction owns the Company through one or more subsidiaries) in substantially the same
proportions as their ownership, immediately prior to such Business Combination of the Outstanding Company Common Stock and Outstanding
Company Voting Securities, as the case may be; (B) no Person (excluding any employee benefit plan (or related trust) of the Company
or such corporation resulting from such Business Combination) beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, 25% or more of, respectively,
the then outstanding shares of common stock of the corporation resulting from such Business Combination or the combined voting
power of the then-outstanding voting securities of such corporation Company except to the extent that such Person owned 25% or
more of the Outstanding Company Common Stock or Outstanding Company Voting Securities prior to the Business Combination; and (C)
at least a majority of the members of the board of directors of the corporation resulting from such Business Combination were members
of the Incumbent Board at the time of the execution of the initial agreement, or of the action of the Board, providing for such
Business Combination; or 

2   

(4) Approval
by the stockholders of the Company of (A) a complete liquidation or dissolution of the Company or (B) the sale or other disposition
of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, other than to a corporation with respect to which, following such sale
or other disposition: (i) more than 50% of, respectively, the then-outstanding shares of common stock of such corporation and the
combined voting power of the then-outstanding voting securities of such corporation entitled to vote generally in the election
of directors is then beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by all or substantially all of the individuals and entities who
were the beneficial owners, respectively, of the Outstanding Company Common Stock and Outstanding Company Voting Securities immediately
prior to such sale or other disposition in substantially the same proportion as their ownership, immediately prior to such sale
or other disposition, of the Outstanding Company Common Stock and Outstanding Company Voting Securities, as the case may be; (ii)
less than 25% of, respectively, the then outstanding shares of common stock of such Company and the combined voting power of the
then outstanding voting securities of such Company entitled to vote generally in the election of directors is then beneficially
owned, directly or indirectly, by any Person (excluding any employee benefit plan (or related trust) of the Company or such Company),
except to the extent that such Person owned 25% or more of the Outstanding Company Common Stock or Outstanding Company Voting Securities
prior to the sale or disposition; and (iii) at least a majority of the members of the board of directors of such corporation were
members of the Incumbent Board at the time of the execution of the initial agreement, or of the action of the Board, providing
for such sale or other disposition of assets of the Company or were elected, appointed or nominated by the Board. 

(g)        Change
of Control Price  means the greater of (A) the highest Fair Market Value of a share of Stock during the 60-day period ending
on the date of the Change of Control, and (B) the highest price per share of Stock paid to holders of Stock in any transaction
(or series of transactions) constituting or resulting from the Change of Control, provided, however, that, in the case of ISOs,
unless the Committee otherwise provides, such price will be based only on transactions occurring on the date on which the ISOs
are cashed out. 

(h)        Code 
means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time, including regulations thereunder and successor provisions
and regulations thereto. 

(i)        Commission 
means the Securities and Exchange Commission or any successor agency. 

(j)        Committee 
means the Compensation Committee of the Board, if formed, and in the absence of one, shall mean the Board or its delegate. 

(k)        Common
Stock  or  Stock  means the Class B Common Stock of the Company, and such other securities as may be substituted
(or resubstituted) for Common Stock pursuant to  Section 13(d)  hereof. 

(l)         Company 
means RMR Industrials, Inc. or any successor thereto. 

(m)        Consultant 
means any person who is engaged by the Company or any Subsidiary to render consulting or advisory services to such entity, and
any natural person, including an advisor, who is engaged by the Company or any Subsidiary, to render bona fide consulting or advisory
services to such entity and who is compensated for the services. 

3   

(n)        Director 
means a member of the Board. 

(o)        Disability 
or  Disabled  means the absence of the Participant from the Participant s duties with the Company on a full time
basis for 180 consecutive days as a result of incapacity due to mental or physical illness which is determined to be total and
permanent by a physician selected by the Company or its insurers and reasonably acceptable to the Participant or the Participant s
legal representative. 

(p)        Effective
Date  means February 26, 2015 

(q)        Eligible
Employee  means such employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries or Affiliates, including each Executive Officer and employees
who may also be directors of the Company, that are selected by the Committee, in its sole discretion, from time to time to receive
an Award under the Plan. An employee on leave of absence may be considered as still in the employ of the Company, Subsidiary or
Affiliate for purposes of eligibility for participation in the Plan. 

(r)        Employment
Agreement  means, with respect to any Participant, any written agreement executed by the Participant and the Company, Subsidiary
or Affiliate setting forth the specific terms and conditions of the Participant s employment with the Company, Subsidiary
or Affiliate. 

(s)        Exchange
Act  means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended from time to time, including rules thereunder and successor provisions
and rules thereto. 

(t)        Executive
Officer  means an executive officer of the Company as defined under the Exchange Act. 

(u)        Fair
Market Value  means, on any date, the average of the opening and closing sales prices of the Common Stock on the exchange
on which the Common Stock is traded on that date, or if no prices are reported on that date, on the last preceding date on which
such prices of the Common Stock are so reported. In the event the Common Stock is not publicly traded at the time a determination
of its value is required to be made hereunder, the determination of its fair market value shall be made by the Committee in such
manner as it deems appropriate, consistent with Treasury regulations and other formal Internal Revenue Service guidance under Code
Section 409A so that Awards of Nonqualified Stock Options or SARs granted under this Plan shall not constitute deferred compensation
subject to Code Section 409A. 

(v)        Good
Reason  means the Termination of Employment by the Participant for any of the following reasons, the occurrence of which
has been properly noticed in writing and such  Good Reason  event has not been cured within ten (10) business days
after Participant s receipt of such written notice: 

(1)       involuntary
reduction in the Participant s Base Salary unless such reduction occurs simultaneously with a reduction in officers 
salaries generally applicable on a company-wide basis; 

(2)       involuntary
discontinuance or reduction in bonus award opportunities for the Participant under the Company s incentive or bonus plan
unless a generally applicable company-wide reduction or elimination of all officers  bonus awards occurs simultaneously with
such discontinuance or reduction; 

4   

(3)       involuntary
discontinuance of the Participant s participation in any employee benefit plans maintained by the Company, Subsidiary or
Affiliate unless such plans are discontinued by reason of law or loss of tax deductibility to the Company, Subsidiary or Affiliate
with respect to contributions to such plans, or are discontinued as a matter of Company policy applied equally to all participants
in such plans that are in the same classification of employees as the Participant; 

(4)       failure
to obtain an assumption of the Company s, Subsidiary s or Affiliate s obligations under the Participant s
Employment Agreement by any successor to the Company, Subsidiary or Affiliate (as applicable), regardless of whether such entity
becomes a successor as a result of a merger, consolidation, sale of assets, or other form of reorganization, except when the rights
and obligations of the Company, Subsidiary or Affiliate under such Employment Agreement are vested in the successor by operation
of law; 

(5)       involuntary
relocation of the Participant s primary office as specified in the applicable Award agreement to a location more than fifty
(50) miles from the location of that office; and 

(6)       material
reduction of the Participant s duties in effect on the effective date of the Participant s most current Employment
Agreement, provided, however that a change in title or reporting line will not constitute Good Reason unless such change is coupled
with a material reduction in the actual duties of the Participant. 

(w)        Incentive
Stock Option  or  ISO  means any Option intended to be and designated as an incentive stock option within the
meaning of Code Section 422 or any successor provision thereto. 

(x)        Management
Objectives  means the measurable performance objective(s) for the Company or any Subsidiary, Affiliate or any unit, division,
geographic region, or function thereof or any individual that may be established by the Committee for a Performance Period with
respect to any performance-based Awards made under the Plan, including Options, SARs, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units,
Performance Shares, Performance Units and Other Stock-Based Awards. Management Objectives may be described in terms of Company-wide
objectives or objectives that are related to the performance of the individual Participant or of the Affiliate, Subsidiary, division,
department, geographic region or function within the Company in which the Participant is employed. The Management Objectives for
Awards that are intended to constitute  performance-based  compensation within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the
Code will be based on one or more of the following criteria: earnings per share; total shareholder return; operating income; net
income; cash flow; free cash flow; return on equity; return on capital; revenue growth; earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation
and amortization ( EBITDA ); stock price; debt-to-capital ratio; stockholders  equity per share; operating income
as a percent of revenue; gross profit as a percent of revenue; selling, general and administrative expenses as a percent of revenue;
operating cash flow; pre-tax profit; orders; revenue; customer value; or any of the foregoing criteria adjusted in a manner prescribed
within the time permitted under Section 162(m) of the Code by the Committee (i) to exclude one or more specified components of
the calculation thereof or (ii) to include one or more other specified items, including, but not limited to, exclusions under subsection
(i) or inclusions under subsection (ii) designed to reflect changes during the Performance Period in generally accepted accounting
principles or in tax rates, currency fluctuations, the effects of acquisitions or dispositions of a business or investments in
whole or in part, extraordinary or nonrecurring items, the gain or loss from claims or litigation and related insurance recoveries,
the effects of impairment of tangible or intangible assets, or the effects of restructuring or reductions in force or other business
recharacterization activities, income or expense related to defined benefit or defined contribution pension plans, uninsured losses
from natural catastrophes or political and legal developments affecting the Company s business (including losses as a result
of war, terrorism, confiscation, expropriation, seizure, new regulatory requirements, business interruption or similar events). 

5   

(y)        Nonqualified
Stock Option  means any Option that is not an Incentive Stock Option. 

(z)        Option 
means a right, granted to a Participant under  Section 7  hereof, to purchase Common Stock at a specified price during specified
time periods. 

(aa)        Other
Stock-Based Award  means an Award made pursuant to  Section 12 . 

(bb)       Participant 
means an Eligible Employee, Director or Consultant who has been granted an Award under the Plan that remains outstanding, including
a person who is no longer an Eligible Employee, Director or Consultant. 

(cc)        Performance
Period  means, in respect of a Performance Share or Performance Unit, a period of time established by the Committee pursuant
to  Section 11  of this Plan within which the Management Objectives relating to such Performance Share or Performance Unit
are to be achieved. 

(dd)        Performance
Share  means a bookkeeping entry that records the equivalent of one share of Common Stock awarded pursuant to  Section
11  of this Plan. 

(ee)        Performance
Unit  means a bookkeeping entry that records a unit awarded pursuant to  Section 11  of this Plan that has a value specified
in the agreement evidencing the Award. 

(ff)         Plan 
means RMR Industrials, Inc. 2015 Equity Incentive Plan, as set forth herein and as may be amended from time to time. 

(gg)       Restricted
Stock  means Common Stock awarded to a Participant in accordance with the provisions of  Section 9  of the Plan. 

(hh)       Restricted
Stock Units  or  RSUs  means an Award made pursuant to  Section 10  of this Plan of the right to receive
shares of Common Stock at the end of a specified Restriction Period. 

(ii)         Spread
Value  means, with respect to a share of Stock subject to an Award, an amount equal to the excess of the Fair Market Value,
on the date such value is determined, over the Award s exercise or grant price, if any. 

(jj)         Stock
Appreciation Right  or  SAR  means a right granted pursuant to  Section 8 . 

(kk)       Subsidiary 
shall have the meaning set forth in Code Section 424(f). 

(ll)         Termination
of Employment  means the voluntary or involuntary termination of a Participant s employment with the Company or a Subsidiary
or Affiliate or any reason, including death, Disability, or retirement. With respect to an Eligible Employee who is such solely
by virtue of his service on the Board,  Termination of Employment  means the Eligible Employee s cessation of
service on the Board. The Committee, in it sole discretion, shall determine whether a Termination of Employment is a result of
Disability, and shall determine whether military or other government or eleemosynary service constitutes a Termination of Employment.
To the extent necessary,  Termination of Employment  will be limited to those circumstances that constitute a  separation
from service  within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code. 

6   

(mm)        Valuation
Date  means each day on which the exchange on which the Common stock is actively traded is open for business. 

3.         Administration.   

(a)        Authority
of the Committee.  The Plan shall be administered by the Committee. The Committee shall have full and final authority, in each
case subject to and consistent with the provisions of the Plan, to: interpret the provisions of the Plan; select Eligible Employees,
Directors and Consultants to become Participants; make Awards; determine the type, number and other terms and conditions of, and
all other matters relating to, Awards; prescribe Award agreements (which need not be identical for each Participant); adopt, amend
and rescind rules and regulations for the administration of the Plan; construe and interpret the Plan and Award agreements and
correct defects, supply omissions or reconcile inconsistencies therein; and make all other decisions and determinations as the
Committee may deem necessary or advisable for the administration of the Plan. Except as otherwise determined by the Board, unless
the context otherwise requires, all actions and determinations that the Plan contemplates that the Board may take may be taken
by the Committee in its stead. 

(b)        Manner
of Exercise of Committee Authority.  Any action of the Committee shall be final, conclusive and binding on all persons, including
the Company, Affiliates, Subsidiaries, Participants, Beneficiaries, transferees under  Section 13(c)  hereof or other persons
claiming rights from or through a Participant, and shareholders. The Committee shall exercise its authority only by a majority
vote of its members at a meeting or without a meeting by a writing signed by a majority of its members. The express grant of any
specific power to the Committee, and the taking of any action by the Committee, shall not be construed as limiting any power or
authority of the Committee. The Committee may delegate to officers or managers of the Company, Affiliates or Subsidiaries, or committees
thereof, the authority, subject to such terms as the Committee shall determine, to perform administrative functions to the extent
permitted under applicable law. The Committee may appoint agents to assist it in administering the Plan. 

(c)        Limitation
of Liability . The Committee and each member thereof shall be entitled, in good faith, to rely or act upon any report or other
information furnished to it, him or her by any Executive Officer, other officer or employee of the Company or a subsidiary, the
Company s independent auditors, consultants or any other agents assisting in the administration of the Plan. Members of the
Committee and any officer or employee of the Company or a subsidiary acting at the direction or on behalf of the Committee shall
not be personally liable for any action or determination taken or made in good faith with respect to the Plan, and shall, to the
extent permitted by law, be fully indemnified and protected by the Company with respect to any such action or determination. 

4.         Stock
Subject to Plan.   

(a)        Overall
Number of Shares Available for Delivery.  The maximum number of Common Stock with respect to which Awards of any and all types
may be granted during a calendar year to any Participant shall be limited, in the aggregate, to the number of Common Stock equal
to thirty percent (30%) of the number of outstanding Common Stock (which number shall include, solely for purposes of determining
the number of shares available for delivery pursuant to the Plan, the number of outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock) of
the Company (subject to adjustment in accordance with the provisions of  Section 13(d)  hereof). In accordance with this  Section
4 , the number of Common Stock available to grant for Awards will increase any time additional Common Stock are issued as long
as the Plan is in effect. The Common Stock may consist, in whole or in part, of authorized and unissued Common Stock or treasury
shares, including Common Stock acquired by purchase in the open market or in private transactions. If any Awards are forfeited,
cancelled, terminated, exchanged, or surrendered or such Award is settled in cash or otherwise terminates without a distribution
of Common Stock to the Participant, any Common Stock counted against the number of Common Stock reserved and available under the
Plan with respect to such Award shall, to the extent of any such forfeiture, settlement, termination, cancellation, exchange or
surrender, again be available for Awards under the Plan. 

7   

(b)        Application
of Limitation to Grants of Awards.  No Award may be granted if the number of shares of Common Stock to be delivered in connection
with such Award exceeds the number of shares of Common Stock remaining available under the Plan minus the number of shares of Common
Stock issuable in settlement of or relating to then-outstanding Options. The Committee may adopt reasonable counting procedures
to ensure appropriate counting, avoid double counting and make adjustments if the number of shares of Common Stock actually delivered
differs from the number of shares previously counted in connection with an Award. 

5.         Eligibility   . 
Awards may be granted under the Plan to Eligible Employees, Directors and Consultants. 

6.         Awards
  General Terms and Limitations  . 

(a)        Awards
Granted at Fair Market Value . The exercise price of an Option and the grant price of a SAR may not be less than 100% of the
Fair Market Value on the date of grant. In addition, to the extent that the value of an Other Stock-Based Award is based on Spread
Value, the grant price for the Other Stock-Based Award may not be less than 100% of the Fair Market Value on the date of grant.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in connection with any reorganization, merger, consolidation or similar transaction in which the
Company or any Subsidiary or Affiliate of the Company is a surviving corporation, the Committee may grant Options, SARs or Other
Stock-Based Awards in substitution for similar awards granted under a plan of another party to the transaction, and in such case
the exercise price or grant price of the substituted Options, SARs or Other Stock-Based Awards granted by the Company may equal
or exceed 100% of the Fair Market Value on the date of grant reduced by any unrealized gain existing as of the date of the transaction
in the option, stock appreciation right or other award being replaced, with the adjusted exercise price determined in accordance
with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code (in the case of a Nonqualified Stock Option) or Section 425 of the Code (in the
case of an Incentive Stock Option). 

(b)        Annual
Award Limitation . The total number of Restricted Stock, RSUs and other shares of Stock subject to or underlying Options, SARs,
Performance Shares, Performance Units and Other Stock-Based Awards awarded to any Participant during any year may not exceed the
maximum amount of shares authorized pursuant to the Plan. A Performance Share or Performance Unit paid to a Participant with respect
to any Performance Period may not exceed $50,000,000 times the number of years in the Performance Period. 

(c)        Performance-Based
Awards . In the discretion of the Committee, any Award granted pursuant to the Plan may be designated as a performance-based
award intended to qualify, through the application of Management Objectives over a specified Performance Period, as  performance-based
compensation  within the meaning, and in accordance with the provisions, of Code Section 162(m). 

8   

7.         Terms
of Options.   

(a)        General. 
Options may be granted on the terms and conditions set forth in this  Section 7 . In addition, the Committee may impose
on any Option or the exercise thereof, at the date of grant, such additional terms and conditions, not inconsistent with the provisions
of the Plan, as the Committee shall determine, including terms requiring forfeiture of Options in the event of the Participant s
Termination of Employment and terms permitting a Participant to make elections relating to his or her Option. Options granted under
the Plan will be in the form of Incentive Stock Options or Nonqualified Stock Options. The Committee shall (subject to  Section
13(i) ) retain full power and discretion to accelerate, waive or modify, at any time, any term or condition of an Option that
is not mandatory under the Plan. 

(b)        Specific
Terms of Options.  The Committee is authorized to grant Options to Participants on the following terms and conditions: 

(1)        Exercise
Price.  The exercise price per share of Common Stock purchasable under an Option shall be determined by the Committee, provided
that such exercise price shall be not less than the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock on the date of grant of such Option. 

(2)        Vesting. 
Each Participant shall acquire a nonforfeitable right to Options awarded to him in accordance with the provisions of the agreement
evidencing the Award of the Options. 

(3)        Time
and Method of Exercise.  The Committee shall determine, at the date of grant or thereafter, the time(s) at which or the circumstances
under which an Option may be exercised in whole or in part (including based on completion of future service requirements), the
methods by which such exercise price may be paid or deemed to be paid, the form of such payment, including, without limitation,
cash or Common Stock held for more than six months, and the methods by or forms in which Common Stock will be delivered or deemed
to be delivered to Participants. The specific circumstances under which a Participant may exercise an Option will be set forth
in the agreement evidencing the Award of the Option to the Participant. 

(4)        ISOs. 
Except as otherwise expressly provided in the Plan, the Committee may designate, at the time of grant, that the Option is an ISO
under Section 422 of the Code. ISOs may be granted only to those Eligible Employees who are entitled to acquire incentive stock
options from the Company under Code Section 422. The terms of any ISO granted under the Plan shall comply in all respects with
the provisions of Code Section 422. Anything in the Plan to the contrary notwithstanding, no term of the Plan relating to ISOs
shall be interpreted, amended or altered, nor shall any discretion or authority granted under the Plan be exercised, so as to disqualify
either the Plan or any ISO under Code Section 422, unless the Participant has first requested the change that will result in such
disqualification. If any provision of the Plan or any Option designated by the Committee as an ISO shall be held not to comply
with requirements necessary to entitle such Option to such tax treatment, then (1) such provision shall be deemed to have contained
from the outset such language as shall be necessary to entitle the Option to the tax treatment afforded under Section 422 of the
Code, and (2) all other provisions of the Plan and the Award agreement shall remain in full force and effect. An Option granted
under the Plan will be an ISO only if the agreement evidencing the award of the Option specifically states that the Option is to
be an ISO; if the Agreement does not so state, the Option will be a Nonqualified Stock Option. In addition, an Option may be an
ISO only if it is awarded within ten years after the Effective Date. 

9   

(5)        Term
of Options.  Options will terminate after the first to occur of the following: 

(i)       Expiration
of the Option as provided in the applicable Award agreement as determined by the Committee; 

(ii)       Termination
of the Option Award, as provided for in  Section 7(b)(7) , following the Participant s Termination of Employment; or 

(iii)       Ten
years from the date of grant. 

(6)        Acceleration/Extension
of Exercise Time . The Committee, in its sole discretion, shall have the right (but shall not in any case be obligated) to permit
purchase of shares under any Option prior to the time such Option would otherwise vest under the terms of the applicable Award
agreement. In addition, the Committee, in its sole discretion, shall have the right (but shall not in any case be obligated) to
permit any Option granted under the Plan to be exercised after its termination date described in  Section 7(b)(7) , but in
no event later than the last day of the term of the Option as set forth in the applicable Award agreement. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, the Committee will not extend the exercise period of any Option to the extent that the extension would cause the Option
to be considered nonqualified deferred compensation subject to the provisions of Section 409A. 

(7)        Exercise
of Options Upon Termination of Employment, Death or Disability . Except as otherwise provided in this  Section 7(b)(7) 
or in  Section 7(b)(6) , or as otherwise expressly provided in a Participant s Award agreement as authorized by the
Committee, the right of the Participant to exercise Options shall terminate upon the Participant s Termination of Employment,
regardless of whether or not the Options were vested in whole or in part on the date of Termination of Employment. 

(i)        Termination
of Employment.  Any Option or portion thereof that is not exercisable on the date of a Participant s Termination of Employment
shall immediately expire, and any Option or portion thereof which is exercisable on the date of such Termination of Employment
may be exercised during a three-month period after such date (after which period the Option shall expire), but in no event may
the Option be exercised after its expiration under the terms of the Award agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Participant s
Termination of Employment is by the Company or an Affiliate for Cause or by the Participant other than for Good Reason, then any
Option or unexercised portion thereof granted to said Participant shall immediately expire upon such Termination of Employment. 

(ii)  Disability
or Death of Participant . In the event of the Disability or death of a Participant under the Plan while the Participant is employed
by the Company or an Affiliate, any Option or portion thereof which is not exercisable on the date of such Disability or death
shall immediately expire, and any Option or portion thereof which is exercisable on the date of such Disability or death may be
exercised at any time from time to time, within a one-year period after the date of such Disability or death, by the Participant,
the guardian of his estate, the executor or administrator of his estate or by the person or persons to whom his rights under the
Option shall pass by will or the laws of descent and distribution (after which period the Option will expire), but in no event
may the Option be exercised after its expiration under the terms of the Award agreement, and provided that an exercise of an Incentive
Stock Option later than three months after the date of the Participant s death shall be treated as the exercise of a Nonqualified
Stock Option.. 

10   

8.         Terms
of Stock Appreciation Rights.   

(a)  General . A SAR represents the right to receive a payment, in cash, shares of Stock or both (as determined by the Committee), equal to the Spread Value on the date the SAR is exercised. The grant price of a SAR and all other applicable terms and conditions will be established by the Committee in its sole discretion and will be set forth in the applicable Award agreement. Subject to the terms of the applicable Award agreement, a SAR will be exercisable, in whole or in part, by giving written notice of exercise to the Company, but in no event will a SAR be exercisable later than the tenth anniversary of the date on which it was granted. 

(b)  Specific Terms of SARs.  The Committee is authorized to grant SARs to Participants on the following terms and conditions: 

(1)  Term of SARs.  SARs will terminate after the first to occur of the following: 

(i) Expiration of the SAR as provided in the applicable Award agreement as determined by the Committee; 

(ii) Termination
of the SAR Award, as provided for in  Section 8(b)(2) , following the Participant s Termination of Employment; or  

(iii) Ten years from the date of grant. 

(2)  Exercise of Stock Appreciation Rights Upon Termination of Employment, Death or Disability . Except as otherwise provided in this  Section 8(b)(2) , or as otherwise expressly provided in a Participant s Award agreement as authorized by the Committee, the right of the Participant to exercise the SAR shall terminate upon the Participant s Termination of Employment, regardless of whether or not the SAR was vested in whole or in part on the date of Termination of Employment. 

(i)  Termination of Employment . Any SAR or portion thereof that is not exercisable on the date of a Participant s Termination of Employment shall immediately expire, and any SAR or portion thereof which is exercisable on the date of such Termination of Employment may be exercised during a three-month period after such date (after which period the SAR shall expire), but in no event may the SAR be exercised after its expiration under the terms of the Award agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Participant s Termination of Employment is by the Company or an Affiliate for Cause or by the Participant other than for Good Reason, then any SAR or unexercised portion thereof granted to said Participant shall immediately expire upon such Termination of Employment. 

11   

(ii)  Disability or Death of Participant . In the event of the Disability or death of a Participant under the Plan while the Participant is employed by the Company or an Affiliate, any SAR or portion thereof which is not exercisable on the date of such Disability or death shall immediately expire, and any SAR or portion thereof that is exercisable on the date of such Disability or death may be exercised at any time from time to time, within a one-year period after the date of such Disability or death, by the Participant, the guardian of his estate, the executor or administrator of his estate or by the person or persons to whom his rights under the SAR shall pass by will or the laws of descent and distribution (after which period the SAR will expire), but in no event may the SAR be exercised after is expiration under the terms of the Award agreement. 

9.         Terms
of Restricted Stock Awards.   

(a)        General. 
Shares of Restricted Stock may be granted on the terms and conditions set forth in this  Section 9 . In addition, the
Committee may impose on any Award of Restricted Stock, at the date of grant, such additional terms and conditions, not inconsistent
with the provisions of the Plan, as the Committee shall determine, including terms requiring forfeiture of shares of Restricted
Stock in the event of the Participant s Termination of Employment and terms permitting a Participant to make elections relating
to his or her shares of Restricted Stock. The Committee shall (subject to  Section 13(i) ) retain full power and discretion
to accelerate, waive or modify, at any time, any term or condition of an Award of shares of Restricted Stock that is not mandatory
under the Plan. Except in cases in which the Committee is authorized to require other forms of consideration under the Plan, or
to the extent other forms of consideration must be paid to satisfy the requirements of Nevada law, no consideration other than
services may be required for the grant of any shares of Restricted Stock. 

(b)        Vesting.
 Each Participant shall acquire a nonforfeitable right to shares of Restricted Stock awarded to him in accordance with the provisions
of the agreement evidencing the Award of the Restricted Stock. 

(c)        Ownership
Rights.  Subject to the terms of the Plan, to divestment based on the forfeiture restrictions applying to an Award of Restricted
Stock and to the other terms of the Award agreement, (i) Restricted Stock granted pursuant to an Award shall for all purposes be
issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock, and (ii) the Participant shall be the record owner of the Restricted Stock granted
by the Award, shall have the right to vote the Restricted Stock as Common Stock on any matter upon which holders of Common Stock
are entitled to vote, and shall be entitled to dividends and distributions on the Restricted Stock which are payable with respect
to outstanding shares of Common Stock. 

10.         Terms
of Restricted Stock Units.   

(a)        Agreement
to Grant Stock.  Each such grant or sale shall constitute the agreement by the Company to deliver shares of Common Stock to
the Participant in the future in consideration of the performance of services, but subject to the fulfillment of such conditions
during the Restriction Period as the Board may specify. 

(b)        Exercise
Price.  Each such grant or sale may be made without additional consideration or in consideration of a payment by such Participant
that is less than the Fair Market Value at the date of grant. 

(c)        Restrictions. 
Each such grant or sale shall be subject to such forfeiture and other restrictions as may be determined by the Board at the date
of grant, and may provide for the lapse or other modification of such restrictions in the event of a Change of Control. 

12   

(d)        Voting
and Dividend Rights.  While and to the extent that forfeiture restrictions apply to an Award, the Participant shall have no
right to transfer any rights under his or her Award and shall have no rights of ownership in the Restricted Stock Units and shall
have no right to vote them, but the Board may, at or after the date of grant, authorize the payment of dividend equivalents on
the shares underlying such units on either a current or deferred or contingent basis, either in cash, in additional shares of Common
Stock, or in other rights or property. 

11.         Performance
Shares and Performance Units.    

(a)        Agreement
to Grant Units.  Each grant shall specify the number of Performance Shares or Performance Units to which it pertains, which
number may be subject to adjustment to reflect changes in compensation or other factors. 

(b)        Performance
Periods.  The Performance Period with respect to each Performance Share or Performance Unit shall be such period of time commencing
with the date of grant as shall be determined by the Board on the date of grant. 

(c)        Specification
of Performance Goals.  Any grant of Performance Shares or Performance Units shall specify Management Objectives which, if achieved,
will result in payment or early payment of the Award, and each grant may specify in respect of such specified Management Objectives
a minimum acceptable level of achievement and shall set forth a formula for determining the number of Performance Shares or Performance
Units that will be earned if performance is at or above the minimum level, but falls short of full achievement of the specified
Management Objectives. The grant of Performance Shares or Performance Units shall specify that, before the Performance Shares or
Performance Units shall be earned and paid, the Board must certify that the Management Objectives have been satisfied. 

(d)        Time
and Form of Payment.  Each grant shall specify the time and manner of payment of Performance Shares or Performance Units that
have been earned. Any grant may specify that the amount payable with respect thereto may be paid by the Company in cash, in shares
of Common Stock or in any combination thereof and may either grant to the Participant or retain in the Board the right to elect
among those alternatives. 

(e)        Limitations
on Awards.  Any grant of Performance Shares may specify that the amount payable with respect thereto may not exceed a maximum
specified by the Board at the Date of Grant. Any grant of Performance Units may specify that the amount payable or the number of
shares of Common Stock issued with respect thereto may not exceed maximums specified by the Board at the date of grant. 

(f)        Dividend
Equivalents.  The Board may, at or after the date of grant of Performance Shares, provide for the payment of dividend equivalents
to the holder thereof on either a current or deferred or contingent basis, either in cash, in additional shares of Common Stock
or in other rights or property. 

12.         Other
Stock-Based Awards .  

(a)        Other
Stock-Based Awards . The Committee may grant Awards, other than Options, SARs, Restricted Stock, RSUs, Performance Shares or
Performance Units, that are denominated in, valued in whole or in part by reference to, or otherwise based on or related to Stock.
The purchase, exercise, exchange or conversion of Other Stock-Based Awards granted under this  Section 12  and all other terms
and conditions applicable to the awards will be determined by the Committee in its sole discretion and will be set forth in the
applicable Award agreement. 

13   

13.         General
Provisions.   

(a)        Change
of Control.  Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan to the contrary and unless otherwise provided in the applicable Award
agreement, in the event of any Change of Control: 

(1)       Any
Option carrying a right to exercise that was not previously exercisable and vested shall become fully exercisable and vested as
of the time of the Change of Control and shall remain exercisable and vested for the balance of the stated term of such Option
without regard to any Termination of Employment, subject only to (A) applicable restrictions set forth in  Section 13(b)
and (c)  hereof and (B) the Board s right to cancel all Options and, if an Option in the Board s judgment has value
based on its exercise price, provide for a payment of the aggregate spread in the cancelled Options. In addition, a Participant
who is an Executive Officer of the Company and whose employment is involuntarily terminated by the Company within 60 days after
a Change of Control will be permitted to surrender for cancellation within 60 days after the Change of Control any Option or portion
of an Option to the extent not exercised and to receive a payment of shares of Stock having an aggregate Fair Market Value on the
date the Participant surrenders the Option equal to the excess, if any, of (A) the Change of Control Price, over (B) the exercise
price of the Option. The provisions of this  Section 13(a)(1)  will not be applicable to any Options granted to a Participant
if the Change of Control results from the Participant s beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d(3) under the
Exchange Act) of Stock or Voting Securities; 

(2)       Any
SARs outstanding as of the date the Change of Control occurs will become fully vested and will be exercisable in accordance with
procedures established by the Committee. The provisions of this  Section 13(a)(2)  will not be applicable to any SARs granted
to a Participant if the Change of Control results from the Participant s beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule
13d(3) under the Exchange Act) of Stock or Voting Securities; 

(3)       Any
restrictions and other conditions applicable to any Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units held by the Participant will lapse
and such Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units will become fully vested as of the date of the Change of Control; 

(4)       Any
Performance Shares or Performance Units held by the Participant relating to Performance Periods before the Performance Period in
which the Change of Control occurs that have been earned but not paid will become immediately payable in cash. In addition, any
Performance Shares or Performance Units awarded to a Participant for a Performance Period that has not been completed at the time
of the Change of Control will be deemed satisfied at the target level for the Performance Period, and payment with respect to the
Performance Shares or Performance Units will be made in cash upon the Change of Control. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the
Committee in its sole discretion determines that any Performance Shares or Performance Units awarded would be considered nonqualified
deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code, and if the Change of Control would not be considered a  change
in control  for purposes of Section 409A of the Code, then a Participant s entitlement to payment with respect to the
Performance Shares or Performance Units will be determined as described above in  Section 13(a)(4) , but payment with respect
to such Performance Shares or Performance Units will be made on the date originally scheduled for payment or, if earlier, upon
the Participant s Termination of Employment; and 

14   

(5)       Any
Other Stock-Based Awards that vest solely on the basis of the passage of time will be treated in connection with a Change of Control
in the same manner as are Awards of Restricted Shares and RSUs, as described in  Section 13(a)(3)  above. Other Stock-Based
Awards that vest on the basis of satisfaction of performance criteria will be treated in connection with a Change of Control in
the same manner as are Performance Shares and Performance Units, as described in  Section 13(a)(4)  above, except that payment
will be made only in shares of Stock. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the committee in its sole discretion determines that any
Other Stock-Based Award would be considered nonqualified deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code,
and if the Change of Control would not be considered a  change in control  for purposes of Section 409A of the Code,
then a Participant s entitlement to payment with respect to the Other Stock-Based Award will be determined as described above
in this  Section 13(a)(5) , but payment with respect to such Other Stock-Based Award will be made on the date originally scheduled
for payment, or, if earlier, upon the Participant s Termination of Employment. 

(b)        Compliance
with Legal and Other Requirements.  The Company may, to the extent deemed necessary or advisable by the Committee, postpone
the issuance or delivery of Common Stock or payment of other benefits under any Award until completion of such registration or
qualification of such Common Stock or other required action under any federal or state law, rule or regulation, listing or other
required action with respect to any stock exchange or automated quotation system upon which the Common Stock or other securities
of the Company may in the future be listed or quoted, or compliance with any other obligation of the Company, as the Committee
may consider appropriate, and may require any Participant to make such representations, furnish such information and comply with
or be subject to such other conditions as it may consider appropriate in connection with the issuance or delivery of Common Stock
or payment of other benefits in compliance with applicable laws, rules, and regulations, listing requirements, or other obligations. 

(c)        Limits
on Transferability; Beneficiaries.  No Award or other right or interest of a Participant under the Plan shall be pledged, hypothecated
or otherwise encumbered or subject to any lien, obligation or liability of such Participant to any party (other than the Company
or a subsidiary), or assigned or transferred by such Participant otherwise than by will or the laws of descent and distribution
or to a Beneficiary upon the death of a Participant, and Options, SARs or Other Stock-Based Awards that may be exercisable shall
be exercised during the lifetime of the Participant only by the Participant or his or her guardian or legal representative, except
that Options (other than ISOs), SARs and Other Stock-Based Awards may be transferred to one or more Beneficiaries or other transferees
during the lifetime of the Participant, and may be exercised by such transferees in accordance with the terms of such Option, SAR,
or Other Stock Based Award but only if and to the extent such transfers are permitted by the Committee pursuant to the express
terms of an Option, SAR or Other Stock-Based Award agreement (subject to any terms and conditions which the Committee may impose
thereon). A Beneficiary, transferee, or other person claiming any rights under the Plan from or through any Participant shall be
subject to all terms and conditions of the Plan and any Award agreement applicable to such Participant, except as otherwise determined
by the Committee, and to any additional terms and conditions deemed necessary or appropriate by the Committee. 

15   

(d)        Adjustments. 
In the event that any dividend or other distribution (whether in the form of cash, Common Stock, or other property), capital contribution,
recapitalization, forward or reverse split, reorganization, merger, acquisition, consolidation, spin-off, combination, repurchase,
share exchange, liquidation, dissolution or other corporate transaction or event affects the Common Stock such that an adjustment
is determined by the Committee to be appropriate under the Plan, then the Committee shall, in such manner as it may deem equitable,
adjust any or all of (1) the number and kind of shares of Common Stock which may be delivered in connection with Awards granted
thereafter, (2)  the number and kind of shares of Common Stock subject to or deliverable in respect of Awards and (3) the
exercise price, grant price or purchase price relating to any Award and/or make provision for payment of cash or other property
in respect of any outstanding Award. In addition, the Committee is authorized to make such adjustments in the terms and conditions
of, and the criteria included in, Awards as the Committee deems equitable in recognition of unusual or nonrecurring events (including,
without limitation, events described in the preceding sentence, as well as acquisitions and dispositions of businesses and assets)
affecting the Company, Subsidiary or any business unit, or the financial statements of the Company or Subsidiary, or in response
to changes in applicable laws, regulations, accounting principles, tax rates and regulations or business conditions or in view
of the Committee s assessment of the business strategy of the Company, Subsidiary or business unit thereof, performance of
comparable organizations, economic and business conditions, personal performance of a Participant, and any other circumstances
deemed relevant. 

(e)        Payments
and Payment Deferrals . Payment of Awards may be in the form of cash, Stock, other Awards or combinations thereof as the Committee
may determine, and with such restrictions as it may impose. The Committee, either at the time of grant or by subsequent amendment,
may require or permit deferral of the payment of Awards under such rules and procedures as it may establish. It also may provide
that deferred settlements include the payment or crediting of interest or other earnings on the deferred amounts, or the payment
or crediting of dividend equivalents where the deferred amounts are denominated in Stock equivalents. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
no action will be taken or authorized pursuant to this  Section 13(e)  to the extent that it would violate the requirements
of Section 409A of the Code or cause any Award of Options or SARs to be considered to provide for the deferral of compensation
within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code. 

The Committee may require that
each person acquiring shares of Stock pursuant to an Award to represent to and agree with the Company in writing that such person
is acquiring the shares without a view to the distribution thereof. The certificates for such shares may include any legend that
the committee deems appropriate to reflect any restrictions on transfer. All certificates for shares of Stock or other securities
delivered under the Plan will be subject to such stock transfer orders and other restrictions as the Committee may deem advisable
under the rules, regulations and other requirements of the Commission, any stock exchange upon which the Stock is then listed and
any applicable Federal, state or foreign securities law, and the Committee may cause a legend or legends to be put on any such
certificates to make appropriate reference to such restrictions. 

(f)        Award
Agreements . Each Award under the Plan will be evidenced by a written agreement (which need not be signed by the recipient unless
otherwise specified by the Committee or otherwise provided under the Plan) that sets forth the terms, conditions and limitations
for each Award. Such terms may include, but are not limited to, the term of the Award, vesting and forfeiture provisions, and the
provisions applicable in the event of the recipient s Termination of Employment. The Committee may amend an Award agreement,
provided that no such amendment may materially and adversely affect an outstanding Award without the Award recipient s consent. 

(g)        Foreign
Employees.  In order to facilitate the making of any grant or combination of grants under this Plan, the Board may provide for
such special terms for Awards to Participants who are foreign nationals or who are employed by the Company or any Subsidiary outside
of the United States of America as the Board may consider necessary or appropriate to accommodate differences in local law, tax
policy or custom. Moreover, the Board may approve such supplements to or amendments, restatements or alternative versions of this
Plan as it may consider necessary or appropriate for such purposes, without thereby affecting the terms of this Plan as in effect
for any other purpose, and the secretary or other appropriate officer of the Company may certify any such document as having been
approved and adopted in the same manner as this Plan. No such special terms, supplements, amendments or restatements, however,
shall include any provisions that are inconsistent with the terms of this Plan as then in effect unless this Plan could have been
amended to eliminate such inconsistency without further approval by the stockholders of the Company. 

16   

(h)        Taxes. 
The Company and any Affiliate or Subsidiary is authorized to withhold from any payment to a Participant amounts of withholding
and other taxes due or potentially payable in connection with any transaction involving an Award, and to take such other action
as the Committee may deem advisable to enable the Company and Participants to satisfy obligations for the payment of withholding
taxes and other tax obligations relating to any Award. This authority shall include authority to withhold or receive Common Stock
or other property and to make cash payments in respect thereof in satisfaction of a Participant s tax obligations (not to
exceed the minimum statutorily required tax withholding), either on a mandatory or elective basis in the discretion of the Committee. 

(i)        Changes
to the Plan and Awards.  The Board, or the Committee acting pursuant to such authority as may be delegated to it by the Board,
may amend, alter, suspend, discontinue or terminate the Plan or the Committee s authority to grant Awards under the Plan,
provided that, without the consent of an affected Participant, except as otherwise contemplated by the Plan or the terms of an
Award agreement, no such Board action may materially and adversely affect the rights of a Participant under any previously granted
and outstanding Award. Except as otherwise provided in the Plan, the Committee may waive any conditions or rights under, or amend,
alter, suspend, discontinue or terminate any Award theretofore granted and any Award agreement relating thereto, provided that,
without the consent of an affected Participant, except as otherwise contemplated by the Plan or the terms of an Award agreement,
no Committee action may materially and adversely affect the rights of such Participant under such Award. 

(j)        Limitation
on Rights Conferred under Plan.  Neither the Plan nor any action taken hereunder shall be construed as (i) giving any Eligible
Employee or Participant the right to continue as an Eligible Employee or Participant or in the employ or service of the Company
or a subsidiary, (ii) interfering in any way with the right of the Company or a Subsidiary to terminate any Eligible Employee s
or Participant s employment or service at any time, (iii) giving an Eligible Employee or Participant any claim to be
granted any Award under the Plan or to be treated uniformly with other Participants and employees, or (iv) conferring on a
Participant any of the rights of a shareholder of the Company unless and until the Participant is duly issued or transferred shares
of Common Stock in accordance with the terms of an Option or an Award of Restricted Stock. To the extent that an employee of a
Subsidiary or Affiliate receives an Award under the Plan, that Award can in no event be understood or interpreted to mean that
the Company is the employee s employer or that the employee has an employment relationship with the Company. 

(k)         Provisions
Held Invalid or Unenforceable . If any provision of the Plan is held invalid or unenforceable, the invalidity or unenforceability
will not affect the remaining parts of the Plan, and the Plan will be enforced and construed as if such provision had not been
included. 

17   

(l)        Nonexclusivity
of the Plan.  The adoption of the Plan by the Board shall not be construed as creating any limitations on the power of the Board
or a committee thereof to adopt such other compensation and incentive arrangements for employees, agents and brokers of the Company
and its subsidiaries as it may deem desirable. 

(m)        Payments
in the Event of Forfeitures; Fractional Shares.  Unless otherwise determined by the Committee, in the event of a forfeiture
of a share of Common Stock, Option or SAR with respect to which a Participant paid cash or other consideration, the Participant
shall be repaid the amount of such cash or other consideration. 

(n)        Governing
Law.  The validity, construction and effect of the Plan, any rules and regulations under the Plan, and any Award agreement shall
be determined in accordance with Nevada law, without giving effect to principles of conflicts of laws, and applicable federal law. 

(o)        Plan
Effective Date.  The Plan has been adopted by the Board and the shareholders of the Company as of the Effective Date. 

(p)         Last
Grant Date.  No Award may be granted under the Plan after  February 26, 2025.  

(q)        Unfunded
Status of Plan.  It is presently intended that the Plan constitute an  unfunded  plan for incentive and deferred
compensation. The Committee may authorize the creation of trusts or other arrangements to meet the obligations created under the
Plan to deliver Stock or make payments; however, unless the Committee otherwise determines, the structure of such trusts or other
arrangements must be consistent with the  unfunded  status of the Plan. 

18   

</EX-10.10>

<EX-10.11>
 3
 v452956_ex10-11.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.11

EXHIBIT 10.11  

RMR Industrials, Inc. 2015 Equity Incentive
Plan  

  Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement  

This Agreement between
RMR Industrials, Inc. (the  Company ) and ______________________ (the  Option Holder ) shall be effective
as of Grant. The Company and Option Holder agree as follows: 

1.    Grant of Option .  Option Holder is hereby granted a Nonqualified Stock Option (the
 Option ) to purchase Common Stock of the Company pursuant to the RMR Industrials, Inc. 2015 Equity Incentive Plan
(the  Plan ). The Option is not intended to qualify as an Incentive Stock Option within the meaning of Section 422
of the Code. The Option and this Agreement are subject to and shall be construed in accordance with the terms and conditions of
the Plan, as now or hereinafter in effect. Any terms which are used in this Agreement without being defined and which are defined
in the Plan shall have the meaning specified in the Plan.   

2.    Date of Grant .  The date of the grant of the Option is _______________________.   

3.    Number and Price of Shares .  The number of shares as to which the Option is granted
is _______. The purchase price per share is _________.   

4.    Vesting .  The Option granted hereby shall become vested in and exercisable by Option
Holder as set forth in the following schedule:   

Number of Shares   
 
       Date   
       Which Become Exercisable    

___________ 
     ___________  
 
     ___________ 
     ___________  
 
     ___________ 
     ___________  
 
     ___________ 
     ___________  
 
     ___________ 
     ___________  

In order to be eligible to exercise
the Option in accordance with the schedule, the Option Holder must have been continuously employed by, or performing services for,
the Company from the Date of Grant of the Option until the date specified. 

Acceleration of Exercisability .
Upon a Change in Control, in accordance with and subject to Section 13(a) of the Plan, (i) the entire Option shall immediately
be 100% vested without regard to the schedule contained in this Option Agreement and (ii) the entire Option shall become immediately
exercisable in full during its remaining term, and shall remain so, whether or not the Option Holder remains an employee, director,
or consultant of the Company without any further action or passage of time. 

5.    Expiration Date .  Unless previously terminated as provided in the Plan, the Option
shall expire and terminate on ___________________________, and in no event shall the Option be exercisable after that date. Upon
the Option Holder s Termination of Employment, death or Disability, the Option shall expire as provided in Section 7(b)(7)
of the Plan.   

1   

6.    Manner of Exercise .  Payment of the exercise price is due in full upon exercise of
your Option. The Option Holder may elect to make payment of the exercise price in cash, certified check, cashier s check
or other check acceptable to the Company, or pursuant to one of the following methods:   

(a)  By delivery of already-owned shares of Common Stock either that the Option Holder has held for
the period required to avoid a charge to the Company s reported earnings (generally six months) or that the Option Holder
did not acquire, directly or indirectly from the Company, that are owned free and clear of any liens, claims, encumbrances or security
interests, and that are valued at Fair Market Value on the date of exercise. However, an Option Holder may not exercise his or
her Option by tender to the Company of Common Stock to the extent such tender would violate the provisions of any law, regulation
or agreement restricting the redemption of the Company s Common Stock.   

(b)  By cashless exercise where the Option Holder will receive upon such exercise the Net Number of
shares of Common Stock determined according to the following formula:   

Net Number =   
       (A x B) - (A x C)   

B  

For purposes
of the foregoing formula: 

 A = number of shares of Common
Stock being exercised 

 B = Fair Market Value of Common
Stock on the date of the cashless exercise 

 C = exercise
price for the Option 

7.    Withholding for Taxes .  The Company shall have the right to deduct from Option Holder's
compensation any federal or state taxes required by law to be withheld with respect to the exercise of the Option.   

8.    Nontransferability of Option .  The Option is not transferable by Option Holder other
than by will or the laws of descent and distribution, and the Option shall be exercisable during Option Holder's lifetime only
by Option Holder. Upon any attempt to transfer, assign, pledge, hypothecate or otherwise dispose of the Option contrary to the
provisions hereof, or upon the levy of any attachment or similar process upon the Option, the Option shall immediately become null
and void.   

9.    Legends .  To the extent certificates representing Common Stock acquired upon exercise
of this Option are issued, such certificates may contain such legends and transfer restrictions as the Company shall deem reasonably
necessary or desirable, including, without limitation, legends restricting transfer of the Common Stock until there has been compliance
with federal and state securities laws and until Option Holder or any other holder of the Common Stock has paid the Company such
amounts as may be necessary in order to satisfy any withholding tax liability of the Company.   

10.    Amendment .  Subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, the Board or the Committee
may modify, extend or renew the Option, or accept the surrender of the Option to the extent not theretofore exercised and authorize
the granting of new Options in substitution therefor, except that no such action shall diminish or impair the rights under the
Option without the consent of the Option Holder.   

11.    Interpretation .  The interpretations and constructions of any provision of and determinations
on any question arising under the Plan or this Agreement shall be made by the Committee, and all such interpretations, constructions
and determinations shall be final and conclusive as to all parties.   

2   

12.    Receipt of Plan .  By entering into this Agreement, Option Holder acknowledges (i)
that he or she has received and read a copy of the Plan and (ii) that this Agreement is subject to and shall be construed in accordance
with the terms and conditions of the Plan, as now or hereinafter in effect. By entering into this Agreement, Option Holder further
acknowledges that all grants of Options are determined by the Committee in its sole discretion and that nothing contained in the
Plan or in any grant under the Plan shall confer a right or entitlement to receive any further grants in the future.   

13.    Governing Law .  This Agreement shall be construed and shall take effect in accordance
with the laws of the State of Nevada, without regard to the conflicts of laws rules of such State.   

14.    Miscellaneous .  This Agreement constitutes the entire understanding and agreement
of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements or understandings,
inducements or conditions, express or implied, written or oral, between the parties with respect hereto. If any provision of this
Agreement, or the application thereof, shall for any reason and to any extent be invalid or unenforceable, the remainder of this
Agreement and the application of such provision to other circumstances shall be interpreted so as best to reasonably effect the
intent of the parties hereto. All notices or other communications which are required to be given or may be given to either party
pursuant to the terms of this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be delivered personally or by registered or certified mail,
postage prepaid, to the address of the parties as set forth following the signature of such party. Notice shall be deemed given
on the date of delivery in the case of personal delivery or on the delivery or refusal date as specified on the return receipt
in the case of registered or certified mail. Either party may change its address for such communications by giving notice thereof
to the other party in conformity with the Plan.   

3   

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the Company by a duly authorized officer of the Company and Option Holder have executed this Agreement, effective as of the date
of grant. 

RMR Industrials, Inc.    

Company   

By:  

Title:  

Date:  

OPTION HOLDER    

By:  

Date:  

Address  

4   

</EX-10.11>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 v452956_ex23-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

Exhibit 23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered
Public Accounting Firm 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration
Statement (No. 333-185046) on Form S-8 of RMR Industrials, Inc. of our report dated June 27, 2016, relating to the consolidated
financial statements of RMR Industrials, Inc. (which report expresses an unqualified opinion and includes an explanatory paragraph
relating to going concern), appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-KT of RMR Industrials, Inc. for the six months ended March
31, 2016. 

Irvine, California 

 November 14, 2016 

</EX-23.1>

