<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161110_10-Q_edgar_data_1227265_0001193125-16-765621_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4438392</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>133040</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>235251</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>911639</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1916470</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>954068</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>27</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-765621.hdr.sgml : 20161110
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161110140303
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-765621
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		52
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161110
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161110

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ORION FUTURES FUND LP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001227265
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	 [6221]
		IRS NUMBER:				223644546
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-50271
		FILM NUMBER:		161987270

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		522 FIFTH AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10036
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-296-1999

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		522 FIFTH AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10036

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CITIGROUP ORION FUTURES FUND LP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080902

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SALOMON SMITH BARNEY ORION FUTURES FUND LP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20030414

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-765621.txt : 20161110

10-Q
 1
 d206795d10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Form 10-Q 

Table of Contents  

   UNITED STATES   
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549   
  FORM 10-Q      (X)
QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)      OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   
  For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016   
  OR (  ) TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)   
  OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   
 For the transition period from                  to
                  Commission File Number  0-50271   
  ORION FUTURES FUND L.P.       
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)      

New York  
   
  22-3644546   

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization)  
   
   (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.)   
    c/o Ceres Managed Futures LLC   
  522 Fifth Avenue      New
York, New York 10036         (Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)     (855) 672-4468   
     (Registrant s telephone number,
including area code)    Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  
  Yes  X  No            
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  
  Yes  X  No          
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):  

Large accelerated filer       
    
  Accelerated filer       
    
  Non-accelerated filer  X   
    
  Smaller reporting company        
   Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act).     Yes        No  X    
 As of October 31, 2016, 338,290.4878 Limited Partnership Class A Redeemable Units were outstanding and 3,118.6742 Limited Partnership Class Z
Redeemable Units were outstanding.  

Table of Contents  

     ORION FUTURES FUND L.P.   
  FORM 10-Q      INDEX   

2  

Table of Contents  

     PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION   
    Item 1. Financial Statements   
  Orion Futures Fund L.P.   
    Statements of Financial Condition   
  (Unaudited)       
    (1)  Defined in Note 1.  
 See accompanying notes to financial statements.  
      3  

Table of Contents  

     Orion Futures Fund L.P.   
  Condensed Schedule of Investments   
  September 30, 2016   
  (Unaudited)       
   *      Liquid non-cash held as collateral.  
 **    Due to rounding.    See
accompanying notes to financial statements.  
      4  

Table of Contents  

   Orion Futures Fund L.P.   
  Condensed Schedule of Investments   
  December 31, 2015       
   *      Liquid non-cash held as collateral.  
 **    Due to rounding.    See
accompanying notes to financial statements.  
      5  

Table of Contents  

     Orion Futures Fund L.P.   
  Statements of Income and Expenses   
  (Unaudited)       
     *  Represents the change in net asset value per Redeemable Unit during the period.  
 See accompanying notes to financial statements.  
      6  

Table of Contents  

     Orion Futures Fund L.P.   
  Statements of Changes in Partners  Capital   
  For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
  (Unaudited)       
         
 See accompanying notes to financial statements.  
      7  

Table of Contents  

   Orion Futures Fund L.P.   
    Notes to Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)   
  1.      Organization:   
 Orion Futures Fund L.P. (the  Partnership ) is a limited partnership organized on March 22, 1999, under the
partnership laws of the State of New York, to engage, directly or indirectly, in the speculative trading of a diversified portfolio of commodity interests, including futures, option, swap and forward contracts. The sectors traded include currencies,
energy, grains, livestock, indices, U.S. and non-U.S. interest rates, softs and metals. The commodity interests that are traded by the Partnership, directly and indirectly through its investments in the Funds (as defined below), are volatile
and involve a high degree of market risk. The Partnership commenced trading on June 10, 1999. The Partnership privately and continuously offers redeemable units of limited partnership interest ( Redeemable Units ) to qualified investors.
There is no maximum number of Redeemable Units that may be sold by the Partnership. The General Partner may also determine to invest up to all of the Partnership s and/or the Funds  assets in United States ( U.S. ) Treasury bills
and/or money market mutual funds, including money market mutual funds managed by Morgan Stanley or its affiliates.    Ceres
Managed Futures LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, acts as the general partner (the  General Partner  or with respect to Transtrend Master (defined below), the  Trading Manager ) and commodity pool operator of the
Partnership. The General Partner is wholly owned by Morgan Stanley Smith Barney Holdings LLC ( MSSB Holdings ). MSSB Holdings is ultimately owned by Morgan Stanley. Morgan Stanley is a publicly held company whose shares are listed on the
New York Stock Exchange. Morgan Stanley is engaged in various financial services and other businesses. Prior to June 28, 2013, Morgan Stanley indirectly owned a majority equity interest in MSSB Holdings, and Citigroup Inc. indirectly owned a
minority equity interest in MSSB Holdings. Prior to July 31, 2009, the date as of which MSSB Holdings became its owner, the General Partner was wholly owned by Citigroup Financial Products Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Citigroup Global Markets
Holdings Inc., the sole owner of which is Citigroup Inc.    All trading decisions are made for the Partnership by Winton
Capital Management Limited ( Winton ), Transtrend B.V. ( Transtrend ), Willowbridge Associates Inc. ( Willowbridge ) and Systematica Investments Limited ( Systematica ) (each an  Advisor  and,
collectively, the  Advisors ), each of which is a registered commodity trading advisor. Each Advisor is allocated a portion of the Partnership s assets to manage. The Partnership invests the portion of its assets allocated to each of
the Advisors either directly, through an individually managed account, or indirectly, through investments in the Funds. In addition, the General Partner may allocate the Partnership s assets to additional non-major trading advisors (i.e.,
commodity trading advisors intended to be allocated less than 10% of the Partnership s assets). Information about advisors allocated less than 10% of the Partnership s assets may not be disclosed.  
 On June 1, 2011, the Partnership began offering  Class A  Redeemable Units and  Class Z  Redeemable Units
pursuant to the offering memorandum. All Redeemable Units issued prior to June 1, 2011 were deemed Class A Redeemable Units. The rights, powers, duties and obligations associated with investment in Class A Redeemable Units were not changed. Class Z
Redeemable Units were first issued on August 1, 2011. Class Z Redeemable Units are offered to limited partners who receive advisory services from Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC (doing business as Morgan Stanley Wealth Management) ( Morgan
Stanley Wealth Management ) and certain employees of Morgan Stanley and/or its subsidiaries (and their family members). Class A Redeemable Units and Class Z Redeemable Units will each be referred to as a  Class  and collectively
referred to as the  Classes.  The Class of Redeemable Units that a limited partner receives upon a subscription will generally depend upon the status of the limited partner, although the General Partner may determine to offer a particular
Class of Redeemable Units to investors at its discretion.    During the reporting periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
the Partnership s/Funds  commodity broker was Morgan Stanley   Co. LLC ( MS Co. ), a registered futures commission merchant. The Partnership/Funds also deposit a portion of their cash in a non-trading account at JPMorgan
Chase Bank, N.A.    Systematica directly trades the Partnership s assets allocated to it through a managed account in
the name of the Partnership pursuant to Systematica s BlueTrend Program.    The Partnership, CMF Winton Master L.P.
( Winton Master ), Morgan Stanley Smith Barney TT II, LLC ( Transtrend Master ) and CMF Willowbridge Master Fund L.P. ( Willowbridge Master ) have entered into futures brokerage account agreements and foreign exchange
brokerage account agreements with MS Co. Winton Master, Transtrend Master and Willowbridge Master are collectively referred to as the  Funds.   
      8  

Table of Contents  

Orion Futures Fund L.P.   
  Notes to Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       
  Effective March 1, 2014, the Partnership and each of the Funds entered into a
futures brokerage account agreement with MS Co. (the  Customer Agreement ) and ceased paying brokerage commissions to MS Co. Under the Customer Agreement, the Partnership pays MS Co. (or will reimburse MS Co. if previously
paid) its allocable share of trading fees for the clearing and, where applicable, the execution of transactions, as well as exchange, clearing, user, give-up and National Futures Association ( NFA ) fees (collectively, the  clearing
fees ) directly and through its investment in the Funds. MS Co. clearing fees are allocated to the Partnership based on its proportionate ownership interest of the Funds. All of the Partnership s assets not held in the Funds 
brokerage accounts at MS Co. are deposited in the Partnership s brokerage account at MS Co. The Partnership s cash is deposited by MS Co. in segregated bank accounts to the extent required by Commodity Futures Trading
Commission ( CFTC ) regulations. MS Co. has agreed to pay the Partnership interest on 100% of the average daily equity maintained in cash in the Partnership s (or the Partnership s allocable portion of the Fund s, except
for Transtrend Master s) brokerage account during each month at the rate equal to the monthly average of the 4-week U.S. Treasury bill discount rate. MS Co. has agreed to pay Transtrend Master interest on 100% of the average daily equity
maintained in cash in Transtrend Master s brokerage account during each month at the rate equal to the monthly average of the 4-Week U.S. Treasury bill discount rate less 0.15% during such month but in no event less than zero. When the
effective rate is less than zero, no interest is earned. All interest income earned on U.S. Treasury bills and money market mutual fund securities will be retained by the Partnership and/or the Funds, as applicable. For purposes of these interest
credits, daily funds do not include monies due to Transtrend Master on or with respect to futures, forwards, or options contracts that have not been received. The Customer Agreement may generally be terminated upon notice by either party.  
 Effective March 1, 2014, the Partnership entered into a selling agent agreement with Morgan Stanley Wealth Management (as
amended, the  Selling Agreement ). Pursuant to the Selling Agreement, Morgan Stanley Wealth Management receives a monthly ongoing selling agent fee. Effective October 1, 2014, the ongoing selling agent fee is calculated by multiplying the
Partnership s round turn futures transactions by $15.00 each, swaps by up to an equivalent amount and options transactions by $7.50 each per side, with respect to Class A Redeemable Units. The ongoing selling agent fee amount is reduced by
applicable floor brokerage fees. Class Z Redeemable Units are currently not subject to an ongoing selling agent fee. Morgan Stanley Wealth Management may pay a portion of its ongoing selling agent fees to other properly licensed and/or registered
selling agents who sell Class A Redeemable Units, and such additional selling agents may share all or a substantial portion of such fees with their properly registered or exempted financial advisors who have sold Class A Redeemable Units.  
 The General Partner fees, management fees, incentive fees and professional fees (formerly, other expenses) of the Partnership
are allocated proportionally to each Class based on the net asset value of the Class.    In July 2015, the General Partner
delegated certain administrative functions to SS C Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation, currently doing business as SS C GlobeOp (the  Administrator ). Pursuant to a master services agreement, the Administrator furnishes
certain administrative, accounting, regulatory reporting, tax and other services as agreed from time to time. In addition, the Administrator maintains certain books and records of the Partnership. The cost of retaining the Administrator is allocated
among the pools operated by the General Partner, including the Partnership.  
      9  

Table of Contents  

Orion Futures Fund L.P.   
  Notes to Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       
   2.      Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies:     The accompanying financial statements and accompanying notes are unaudited but, in the opinion of the
General Partner, include all adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring adjustments, necessary for a fair presentation of the Partnership s financial condition at September 30, 2016, the results of its operations for the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, and the changes in partners  capital for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. These financial statements present the results of interim periods and do not include all disclosures normally
provided in annual financial statements. These financial statements should be read together with the financial statements and notes included in the Partnership s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the
 SEC ) for the year ended December 31, 2015. The December 31, 2015 information has been derived from the audited financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2015.  
 Due to the nature of commodity trading, the results of operations for the interim periods presented should not be considered
indicative of the results that may be expected for the entire year.     Use of Estimates.  The preparation of financial
statements and accompanying notes in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ) requires the General Partner to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of
assets and liabilities, income and expenses, and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities in the financial statements and accompanying notes. As a result, actual results could differ from these estimates.  
  Profit Allocation.  The General Partner and each limited partner of the Partnership share in the profits and losses of
the Partnership in proportion to the amount of Partnership interest owned by each, except that no limited partner is liable for obligations of the Partnership in excess of its capital contribution and profits, if any, net of distributions,
redemptions and losses, if any.     Statement of Cash Flows.  The Partnership is not required to provide a Statement of
Cash Flows.     Partnership s Investments in the Funds . The Partnership carries its investment in the Funds,
other than its investment in Transtrend Master, based on the Fund s net asset value per unit as calculated by the Funds. The Partnership carries its investment in Transtrend Master based on the Partnership s (1) net contribution to
Transtrend Master and (2) its allocated share of the undistributed profits and losses, including realized gains (losses) and net change in unrealized gains (losses), of Transtrend Master.  
  Partnership s/Funds  Derivative Investments.  All commodity interests of the Partnership/Funds, including
derivative financial instruments and derivative commodity instruments, are held for trading purposes. The commodity interests are recorded on trade date and open contracts are recorded at fair value at the measurement date. Investments in commodity
interests denominated in foreign currencies are translated into U.S. dollars at the exchange rates prevailing at the measurement date. Gains or losses are realized when contracts are liquidated and are determined using the first-in, first-out
method. Unrealized gains or losses on open contracts are included as a component of equity in trading account in the Partnership s/Funds  Statements of Financial Condition. Net realized gains or losses and net change in unrealized gains or
losses are included in the Partnership s/Funds  Statements of Income and Expenses.     Partnership s Cash.
 The Partnership s cash includes cash denominated in foreign currencies of $(4,955,478) (proceeds of $4,959,232) and $(3,091,422) (proceeds of $3,105,350) at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. The Partnership s
margin requirement of $56,163,309 and $17,384,114, as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, was met from a combination of 1) U.S. Treasury bills held at MS Co. and 2) cash margin held at MS Co. of $52,763,464 and
$14,185,527, as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, as applicable.     Income Taxes . Income
taxes have not been listed as each partner is individually liable for the taxes, if any, on its share of the Partnership s income and expenses. The General Partner concluded that no provision for income tax is required in the Partnership s
financial statements. The Partnership files U.S. federal and various state and local tax returns. No income tax returns are currently under examination. The 2012 through 2015 tax years remain subject to examination by U.S. federal and most state tax
authorities. The General Partner does not believe that there are any uncertain tax positions that require recognition of a tax liability.  
  Investment Company Status.  Effective January 1, 2014, the Partnership adopted Accounting Standards Update
( ASU ) 2013-08   Financial Services Investment Companies (Topic 946): Amendments to the Scope, Measurement and Disclosure Requirements   and based on the General Partner s assessment, the Partnership has been
deemed to be an investment company since inception. Accordingly, the Partnership follows the investment company accounting and reporting guidance of Topic 946 and reflects its investments at fair value with unrealized gains and losses resulting from
changes in fair value reflected in the Statements of Income and Expenses.  
      10  

Table of Contents  

Orion Futures Fund L.P.   
  Notes to Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       
   Net Income (Loss) Per Redeemable Unit.  Net income (loss) per
Redeemable Unit is calculated in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) 946   Financial Services - Investment Companies.   See Note 3,  Financial Highlights.   
  Fair Value of Financial Instruments.  The carrying value of the Partnership s/Funds  assets and liabilities
presented in the Statements of Financial Condition that qualify as financial instruments under the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) ASC 825,   Financial Instruments,   approximates the fair value due to the
short term nature of such balances.     Recent Accounting Pronouncement.  In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-01,
  Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities.   The amendments in this update address certain aspects of recognition, measurement, presentation, and disclosure of financial instruments for all entities
that hold financial assets or owe financial liabilities. One of the amendments in this update eliminates the requirement for public business entities to disclose the methods and significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value that is
required to be disclosed for financial instruments measured at amortized cost on the balance sheet or a description of changes in the methods and significant assumptions. Additionally, the update eliminates the requirement to disclose the fair
value of financial instruments measured at amortized cost for entities that are not public business entities. Investment companies are specifically exempted from ASU 2016-01 s equity investment accounting provisions and will continue to follow
the industry specific guidance for investment accounting under Topic 946. For public business entities, this update is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods therein. For other entities, it is effective for
fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019. The General Partner is currently evaluating the impact this guidance will have on the Partnership s financial statements
and related disclosures.     Reclassification.  The amount previously reported as cash overdraft of $2,799,232 as of
December 31, 2015 is now included with cash margin in the Statements of Financial Condition.    There have been no material
changes with respect to the Partnership s critical accounting policies as reported in the Partnership s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.  
      11  

Table of Contents  

Orion Futures Fund L.P.   
  Notes to Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       
   3.     Financial Highlights:   
 Financial highlights for the limited partner Classes as a whole for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015 were as follows:      

* 
   Net investment loss per Redeemable Unit is calculated by dividing the expenses net of interest income by the
average number of Redeemable Units outstanding during the period. The net realized and unrealized gains (losses) per Redeemable Unit is a balancing amount necessary to reconcile the change in net asset value per Redeemable Unit with the other
per unit information.         

** 
   Annualized (except for incentive fees).     

*** 
   Interest income less total expenses.     

**** 
   Due to rounding.     
 The above ratios and total return may vary for individual investors based on the timing of capital transactions during the
period. Additionally, these ratios are calculated for the limited partner Classes using the limited partners  share of income, expenses and average partners  capital of the Partnership and includes the income and expenses allocated from
the Funds.  
      12  

Table of Contents  

Orion Futures Fund L.P.   
  Notes to Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       
   4.      Trading Activities:   
 The Partnership was formed for the purpose of trading contracts in a variety of commodity interests, including derivative
financial instruments and derivative commodity instruments. The results of the Partnership s trading activities are shown in the Statements of Income and Expenses. The Partnership also invests its assets through a  master/feeder 
structure. The Partnership s pro-rata share of the results of the Funds  trading activities are shown in the Statements of Income and Expenses.  
 The Customer Agreement among the Partnership, each of the Funds and MS Co. gives the Partnership and the Funds the legal
right to net unrealized gains and losses on open futures, forward and option contracts in the Statements of Financial Condition. The Partnership and the Funds net, for financial reporting purposes, the unrealized gains and losses on open futures,
forward and option contracts on the Statements of Financial Condition, as the criteria under ASC 210-20,   Balance Sheet ,  have been met.  
 All of the commodity interests owned directly by the Partnership are held for trading purposes. All of the commodity interests
owned by the Funds are held for trading purposes. The monthly average number of futures contracts traded directly by the Partnership during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 were 17,472 and 12,320, respectively. The monthly average
number of metals forward contracts traded directly by the Partnership during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 were 2,499 and 1,729, respectively. The monthly average notional value of currency forward contracts traded directly by
the Partnership during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 were $1,390,217,477 and $1,030,685,310, respectively. During the period January 1, 2015 to September 30, 2015, the assets of the Partnership were not traded directly.  
 Ongoing selling agent fees and trading and transaction fees are based on the number of trades executed by the Advisors and the
Partnership s percentage ownership of each respective Fund.    All clearing fees paid to MS Co. are borne by the
Partnership for its direct trading. In addition, clearing fees are borne by the Funds and are allocated to the limited partners/members, including the Partnership.  
      13  

Table of Contents  

Orion Futures Fund L.P.   
  Notes to Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       
  The following tables summarize the gross and net amounts recognized relating
to assets and liabilities of the Partnership s derivatives and their offsetting subject to master netting or similar arrangements as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.  

* 
   In the event of default by the Partnership, MS Co., the Partnership s commodity futures broker and
the sole counterparty to the Partnership s off-exchange-traded contracts, as applicable, has the right to offset the Partnership s obligation with the Partnership s cash and/or U.S. Treasury bills held by MS Co., thereby
minimizing MS Co. s risk of loss. There is no collateral posted by MS Co. and as such, in the event of default by MS Co., the Partnership is exposed to the amount shown in the Statements of Financial Condition. In the case of
exchange-traded contracts, the Partnership s exposure to counterparty risk may be reduced since the exchange s clearinghouse interposes its credit between buyer and seller and the clearinghouse s guarantee fund may be available in the
event of a default.     
      14  

Table of Contents  

Orion Futures Fund L.P.   
  Notes to Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       
  The following tables indicate the gross fair values of derivative instruments
of futures and forward contracts held directly by the Partnership as separate assets and liabilities as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.      

* 
 This amount is in  Net unrealized appreciation on open futures contracts  in the Statements of Financial Condition.        

** 
 This amount is in  Net unrealized appreciation on open forward contracts  in the Statements of Financial Condition.    
      15  

Table of Contents  

Orion Futures Fund L.P.   
  Notes to Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       

* 
 This amount is in  Net unrealized appreciation on open futures contracts  in the Statements of Financial Condition.        

** 
 This amount is in  Net unrealized appreciation on open forward contracts  in the Statements of Financial Condition.    
      16  

Table of Contents  

Orion Futures Fund L.P.   
  Notes to Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       
  The following table indicates the trading gains and losses, by market sector,
on derivative instruments traded directly by the Partnership for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, no derivative instruments were traded directly by the Partnership.
     
   ***  This amount is included in  Total trading results  in the Statements of Income and
Expenses.     5.      Fair Value Measurements:   
  Partnership s and the Funds  Fair Value Measurements . Fair value is defined as the price that would be
received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date under current market conditions. The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices
in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1) and the lowest priority to fair values derived from unobservable inputs (Level 3). The level in the fair value hierarchy within which the fair value measurement in its entirety falls
shall be determined based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety.  
 The fair value of exchange-traded futures, option and forward contracts is determined by the various exchanges, and reflects
the settlement price for each contract as of the close of business on the last business day of the reporting period. The fair value of foreign currency forward contracts is extrapolated on a forward basis from the spot prices quoted as of
approximately 3:00 P.M. (E.T.) on the last business day of the reporting period from various exchanges. The fair value of non-exchange-traded foreign currency option contracts is calculated by applying an industry standard model application for
options valuation of foreign currency options, using as inputs the spot prices, interest rates, and option implied volatilities quoted as of approximately 3:00 P.M. (E.T.) on the last business day of the reporting period. U.S. Treasury bills are
valued at the last available bid price received from independent pricing services as of the close of the last business day of the reporting period.  
 The Partnership and the Funds consider prices for exchange-traded commodity futures, forward, swap and option contracts to be
based on unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities (Level 1). The values of U.S. Treasury bills, non-exchange-traded forward, swap and certain option contracts for which market quotations are not readily
available are priced by broker quotes or pricing services that derive fair values for those assets and liabilities from observable inputs (Level 2). As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 and for the periods ended September 30, 2016 and
2015, the Partnership and the Funds did not hold any derivative instruments that were priced at fair value using unobservable inputs through the application of the General Partner s assumptions and internal valuation pricing models (Level 3).
Transfers between levels are recognized at the end of the reporting period. During the reporting periods, there were no transfers of assets or liabilities between Level 1 and Level 2.  
      17  

Table of Contents  

Orion Futures Fund L.P.   
  Notes to Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       

6.      Investment in the Funds:   
 On November 1, 2004, the assets allocated to Winton for trading were invested in Winton Master, a limited partnership
organized under the partnership laws of the State of New York. The Partnership purchased 35,389.8399 units of Winton Master with cash equal to $33,594,083 and a contribution of open commodity futures and forwards contracts with a fair value of
$1,795,757. Winton Master permits accounts managed by Winton using the Winton Futures Program (formerly, the Winton Diversified Program as applied without equities), a proprietary, systematic trading system, to invest together in one trading
vehicle. The General Partner is also the general partner of Winton Master. Individual and pooled accounts currently managed by Winton, including the Partnership, are permitted to be limited partners of Winton Master. The General Partner and Winton
believe that trading through this structure promotes efficiency and economy in the trading process. The General Partner and Winton have agreed that Winton will trade the Partnership s assets allocated to Winton at a level that is up to 1.5
times the amount of assets allocated.    On June 1, 2011, the Partnership allocated a portion of its assets with cash equal
to $384,370,435 to Transtrend Master, a limited liability company organized under the limited liability company laws of the State of Delaware. Transtrend Master permits accounts managed by Transtrend using the Diversified Trend Program-Enhanced Risk
Profile (US Dollar), a proprietary, systematic trading system, to invest together in one trading vehicle. Individual and pooled accounts managed by Transtrend, including the Partnership, are permitted to be non-managing members of Transtrend Master.
The Trading Manager and Transtrend believe that trading through this structure promotes efficiency and economy in the trading process.  
      18  

Table of Contents  

Orion Futures Fund L.P.   
  Notes to Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       
  On August 1, 2014, the assets allocated to Willowbridge for trading were
invested in Willowbridge Master, a limited partnership organized under the partnership laws of the State of New York. The Partnership purchased 9,633.9313 units of Willowbridge Master with cash equal to $21,000,000. Willowbridge Master permits
accounts managed by Willowbridge using its wPraxis Futures Trading Approach, a proprietary, discretionary trading system, to invest together in one trading vehicle. The General Partner is also the general partner of Willowbridge Master. Individual
and pooled accounts currently managed by Willowbridge, including the Partnership, are permitted to be limited partners of Willowbridge Master. The General Partner and Willowbridge believe that trading through this structure promotes efficiency and
economy in the trading process. The General Partner and Willowbridge have agreed that Willowbridge will trade the Partnership s assets at a level that is up to three times the amount of the assets allocated.  
 The General Partner is not aware of any material changes to any of the trading programs discussed above during the fiscal
quarter ended September 30, 2016.    The Funds  and the Partnership s trading of futures, forward, swap, and
option contracts, if applicable, on commodities is done primarily on U.S. and foreign commodity exchanges. The Funds and the Partnership engage in such trading through commodity brokerage accounts maintained with MS Co.  
 Generally, a limited partner/member in the Funds withdraws all or part of its capital contribution and undistributed profits,
if any, from the Funds as of the end of any month (the  Redemption Date ) after a request has been made to the General Partner/Trading Manager at least three days in advance of the Redemption Date. Such withdrawals are classified as a
liability when the limited partner/member elects to redeem and informs the Funds. However, for all Funds other than Winton Master, a limited partner/member may request a withdrawal as of the end of any day if such request is received by the
General Partner/Trading Manager at least three days in advance of the proposed withdrawal day.    Management fees, ongoing
selling agent fees, the General Partner fees and incentive fees are charged at the Partnership level, except for management and incentive fees payable to Transtrend which are charged at the Transtrend Master level. Clearing fees are borne by the
Funds and allocated to the Funds  limited partners/non-managing members, including the Partnership. Clearing fees are also borne by the Partnership directly. Professional fees are borne by the Funds and allocated to the Partnership, and also
charged directly at the Partnership level.    At September 30, 2016, the Partnership owned approximately 52.9% of Winton
Master, 94.0% of Transtrend Master and 74.6% of Willowbridge Master. At December 31, 2015, the Partnership owned approximately 58.4% of Winton Master, 96.1% of Transtrend Master and 82.0% of Willowbridge Master. It is the Partnership s
intention to continue to invest in the Funds. The performance of the Partnership is directly affected by the performance of the Funds. Expenses to investors as a result of investment in the Funds are approximately the same as they would be if the
Partnership traded directly and redemption rights are not affected.    Summarized information reflecting the total assets,
liabilities and partners  capital/members  capital of the Funds is shown in the following tables:       

19  

Table of Contents  

Orion Futures Fund L.P.   
  Notes to Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       
  Summarized information reflecting the net investment income (loss), total
trading results and net income (loss) of the Funds is shown in the following tables:       

20  

Table of Contents  

Orion Futures Fund L.P.   
  Notes to Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       
  Summarized information reflecting the Partnership s investments in and
the Partnership s pro rata share of the results of operations of the Funds are shown in the following tables:      
 
      21  

Table of Contents  

Orion Futures Fund L.P.   
  Notes to Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       
   7.        Financial Instrument Risks:   
 In the normal course of business, the Partnership and the Funds are party to financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk,
including derivative financial instruments and derivative commodity instruments. These financial instruments may include forwards, futures, options, and swaps, whose values are based upon an underlying asset, index, or reference rate, and generally
represent future commitments to exchange currencies or cash balances, or to purchase or sell other financial instruments at specific terms at specified future dates, or, in the case of derivative commodity instruments, to have a reasonable
possibility to be settled in cash, through physical delivery or with another financial instrument. These instruments may be traded on an exchange, a swap execution facility or over-the-counter ( OTC ). Exchange-traded instruments include
futures and certain standardized forward, option and swap contracts. Certain swap contracts may also be traded on a swap execution facility or OTC. OTC contracts are negotiated between contracting parties and also include certain forward and option
contracts. Specific market movements of commodities or futures contracts underlying an option cannot accurately be predicted. The purchaser of an option may lose the entire premium paid for the option. The writer or seller of an option has unlimited
risk. Each of these instruments is subject to various risks similar to those relating to the underlying financial instruments, including market and credit risk. In general, the risks associated with OTC contracts are greater than those associated
with exchange-traded instruments because of the greater risk of default by the counterparty to an OTC contract. The General Partner estimates that at any given time approximately 23.8% to 30.4% of the Partnership s/Funds  contracts are
traded OTC.     Futures Contracts .   The Partnership and the Funds trade futures contracts. A futures
contract is a firm commitment to buy or sell a specified quantity of investments, currency or a standardized amount of a deliverable grade commodity, at a specified price on a specified future date, unless the contract is closed before the delivery
date or if the delivery quantity is something where physical delivery cannot occur (such as the S P 500 Index), whereby such contract is settled in cash. Payments ( variation margin ) may be made or received by the Partnership and the
Funds each business day, depending on the daily fluctuations in the value of the underlying contracts, and are recorded as unrealized gains or losses by the Partnership and the Funds. When the contract is closed, the Partnership and the Funds record
a realized gain or loss equal to the difference between the value of the contract at the time it was opened and the value at the time it was closed. Transactions in futures contracts require participants to make both initial margin deposits of cash
or other assets and variation margin deposits, through the futures broker, directly with the exchange on which the contracts are traded. Net realized gains (losses) and net change in unrealized gains (losses) on futures contracts are included in the
Partnership s/Funds  Statements of Income and Expenses.     Forward Foreign Currency
Contracts.    Forward foreign currency contracts are those contracts where the Partnership and the Funds agree to receive or deliver a fixed quantity of foreign currency for an agreed-upon price on an agreed-upon future date.
Forward foreign currency contracts are valued daily, and the Partnership s and the Funds  net equity therein, representing unrealized gain or loss on the contracts as measured by the difference between the forward foreign exchange rates at
the dates of entry into the contracts and the forward foreign exchange rates at the reporting date, is included in the Partnership s/Funds  Statements of Financial Condition. Net realized gains (losses) and net change in unrealized gains
(losses) on forward foreign currency contracts are recognized in the period in which the contract is closed or the changes occur and are included in the Partnership s/Funds  Statements of Income and Expenses.  
  London Metals Exchange Forward Contracts .   Metal contracts traded on the London Metals Exchange
( LME ) represent a firm commitment to buy or sell a specified quantity of aluminum, copper, lead, nickel, tin or zinc. LME contracts traded by the Partnership and the Funds are cash-settled based on prompt dates published by the LME.
Variation margin may be made or received by the Partnership and the Funds each business day, depending on the daily fluctuations in the value of the underlying contracts, and are recorded as unrealized gains or losses by the Partnership and the
Funds. A contract is considered offset when all long positions have been matched with a like number of short positions settling on the same prompt date. When the contract is closed at the prompt date, the Partnership and the Funds record a realized
gain or loss equal to the difference between the value of the contract at the time it was opened and the value at the time it was closed. Transactions in LME contracts require participants to make both initial margin deposits of cash or other assets
and variation margin deposits, through the broker, directly with the LME. Net realized gains (losses) and net change in unrealized gains (losses) on metal contracts are included in the Partnership s/Funds  Statements of Income and
Expenses.  
      22  

Table of Contents  

Orion Futures Fund L.P.   
  Notes to Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       
   Options .   The Partnership/Funds may purchase and write
(sell) both exchange-listed and OTC options on commodities or financial instruments. An option is a contract allowing, but not requiring, its holder to buy (call) or sell (put) a specific or standard commodity or financial instrument at a specified
price during a specified time period. The option premium is the total price paid or received for the option contract. When the Partnership/Funds write an option, the premium received is recorded as a liability in the Partnership s/Funds 
Statements of Financial Condition and marked-to-market daily. When the Partnership/Funds purchase an option, the premium paid is recorded as an asset in the Partnership s/Funds  Statements of Financial Condition and marked-to-market daily.
Net realized gains (losses) and net change in unrealized gains (losses) on option contracts are included in the Partnership s/Funds  Statements of Income and Expenses.  
 As both a buyer and seller of options, the Partnership/Funds pay or receive a premium at the outset and then bear the risk of
unfavorable changes in the price of the contract underlying the option. Written options expose the Partnership/Funds to potentially unlimited liability; for purchased options, the risk of loss is limited to the premiums paid. Certain written put
options permit cash settlement and do not require the option holder to own the reference asset. The Partnership/Funds do not consider these contracts to be guarantees.  
 The Partnership and the Funds do not isolate the portion of the results of operations arising from the effect of changes in
foreign exchange rates on investments from fluctuations due to changes in market prices of investments held. Such fluctuations are included in total trading results in the Partnership s/Funds  Statements of Income and Expenses.  
 Market risk is the potential for changes in the value of the financial instruments traded by the Partnership/Funds due to
market changes, including interest and foreign exchange rate movements and fluctuations in commodity or security prices. Market risk is directly impacted by the volatility and liquidity in the markets in which the related underlying assets are
traded. The Partnership/Funds are exposed to a market risk equal to the value of futures and forward contracts purchased and unlimited liability on such contracts sold short.  
 Credit risk is the possibility that a loss may occur due to the failure of a counterparty to perform according to the terms of
a contract. The Partnership s/Funds  risk of loss in the event of a counterparty default is typically limited to the amounts recognized in the Partnership s/Funds  Statements of Financial Condition and is not represented by the
contract or notional amounts of the instruments. The Partnership s/Funds  risk of loss is reduced through the use of legally enforceable master netting agreements with counterparties that permit the Partnership/Funds to offset unrealized
gains and losses and other assets and liabilities with such counterparties upon the occurrence of certain events. The Partnership/Funds have credit risk and concentration risk as MS Co. or an MS Co. affiliate is the sole counterparty or
broker with respect to the Partnership s and the Funds  assets. Credit risk with respect to exchange-traded instruments is reduced to the extent that, through MS Co. or an MS Co. affiliate, the Partnership s/Funds 
counterparty is an exchange or clearing organization.    The General Partner monitors and attempts to control the
Partnership s/Funds  risk exposure on a daily basis through financial, credit and risk management monitoring systems, and accordingly, believes that it has effective procedures for evaluating and limiting the credit and market risks to
which the Partnership/Funds may be subject. These monitoring systems generally allow the General Partner to statistically analyze actual trading results with risk-adjusted performance indicators and correlation statistics. In addition, online
monitoring systems provide account analysis of futures, exchange-cleared swaps, forward and option contracts by sector, margin requirements, gain and loss transactions and collateral positions.  
 The majority of these financial instruments mature within one year of the inception date. However, due to the nature of the
Partnership s/Funds  business, these instruments may not be held to maturity.    The risk to the limited partners
that have purchased Redeemable Units is limited to the amount of their share of the Partnership s net assets and undistributed profits. This limited liability is a result of the organization of the Partnership as a limited partnership under New
York law.     8.        Subsequent Events:   
 The General Partner evaluates events that occur after the balance sheet date but before financial statements are issued. The
General Partner has assessed the subsequent events through the date of issuance and has determined that there were no subsequent events requiring adjustment to or disclosure in the financial statements.  
      23  

Table of Contents  

     Item 2.        Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations      Liquidity and Capital Resources   
 The Partnership does not engage in sales of goods or services. Its assets are its (i) investment in the Funds, (ii) equity in
its trading account, consisting of cash at MS Co. and cash margin, net unrealized appreciation on open futures contracts, net unrealized appreciation on open forward contracts, options purchased at fair value and investment in U.S. Treasury
bills at fair value, if applicable, (iii) cash at bank and (iv) interest receivable. Because of the low margin deposits normally required in commodity futures trading, relatively small price movements may result in substantial losses to the
Partnership, through its investments in the Funds and direct investments. While substantial losses could lead to a material decrease in liquidity, no such illiquidity occurred during the third quarter of 2016.  
 The Partnership s capital consists of the capital contributions of the partners as increased or decreased by realized
and/or unrealized gains or losses on trading and by expenses, interest income, subscriptions and redemptions of Redeemable Units and distributions of profits, if any.  
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Partnership s capital decreased 5.5% from $1,090,699,381 to
$1,031,175,188. This decrease was attributable to redemptions of 39,594.9570 Class A limited partner Redeemable Units totaling $122,158,682, redemptions of 653.0210 Class Z General Partner Redeemable Units totaling $789,981, redemptions of 31.8660
Class Z limited partner Redeemable Units totaling $37,271 and a net loss of $5,456,021 which was partially offset by subscriptions of 22,392.7400 Class A limited partner Redeemable Units totaling $68,615,265 and subscriptions of 258.3860 Class Z
limited partner Redeemable Units totaling $302,497. Future redemptions can impact the amount of funds available for investment in subsequent periods.  
  Critical Accounting Policies   
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires the General Partner to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, income and expenses, and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities in the financial statements and accompanying notes. As a result, actual results could differ from these
estimates. The Partnership s significant accounting policies are described in detail in Note 2 of the Financial Statements.  
 The Partnership and the Funds record all investments at fair value in their financial statements, with changes in fair value
reported as a component of net realized gains (losses) and net change in unrealized gains (losses) in the Statements of Income and Expenses.     Results
of Operations     During the Partnership s third quarter of 2016, the net asset value per Redeemable Unit for Class A
decreased 3.1% from $3,080.01 to $2,983.15, as compared to an increase of 5.8% in the third quarter of 2015. During the Partnership s third quarter of 2016, the net asset value per Redeemable Unit for Class Z decreased 2.8% from $1,169.33 to
$1,136.49, as compared to an increase of 6.1% in the third quarter of 2015. The Partnership experienced a net trading loss before fees and expenses in the third quarter of 2016 of $23,760,670. Losses were primarily attributable to the
Partnership s/Funds  trading of commodity futures in currencies, energy, grains, metals, and U.S. interest rates and were partially offset by gains in indices, softs and livestock. The Partnership experienced a net trading gain before fees
and expenses in the third quarter of 2015 of $72,653,726. Gains were primarily attributable to the Partnership s/Funds  trading of commodity futures in energy, U.S. and non U.S. interest rates, livestock, metals and softs and were
partially offset by losses in currencies, grains and indices.    The most significant losses were incurred within the energy
markets during August and September from short positions in crude oil and its related products as prices rallied amid speculation of a potential agreement among the OPEC nations to curtail oil production. Within the global interest rate sector,
losses were incurred during September from long positions in U.S. Treasury bond futures as investor demand for long-term debt waned as the outlook for a 2016 interest rate increase from the U.S. Federal Open Market Committee ( FOMC )
became more likely. Additional losses within this sector were recorded during September from positions in British and Australian fixed income futures. During August, losses were experienced within the metals markets from long positions in silver
futures as prices moved lower amid weakening investor demand for precious metals. Additional losses within the metals sector were recorded during September from short positions in copper futures as prices moved higher amid signs of increasing demand
from the Chinese manufacturing sector. Within the currency sector, losses were experienced during August from long positions in the Japanese yen versus the U.S. dollar as the relative value of the dollar strengthened amid a brighter outlook for
economic growth in the U.S. Smaller losses were incurred within the agricultural markets during July from long positions in soybean and soybean meal futures as prices were weighed down by mounting anticipation that growers will collect a record crop
this year. A portion of the Partnership s losses for the quarter was offset by gains achieved within the global stock index sector during July from long positions in U.S. equity index futures as U.S. employers added far more jobs than expected
in June, providing  
      24  

Table of Contents  

reassurance that the U.S. economy is growing solidly and pushing equity prices higher. Additional gains in this sector were recorded during August from long positions in U.S., Asian, and European
equity index futures as prices trended higher buoyed by positive economic sentiment in the U.S. and the potential for further central bank stimulus measures in Europe and Asia.  
 During the Partnership s nine months ended September 30, 2016, the net asset value per Redeemable Unit for Class A
decreased 0.7% from $3,004.84 to $2,983.15, as compared to a decrease of 1.0% during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. During the Partnership s nine months ended September 30, 2016, the net asset value per Redeemable Unit for Class Z
increased 0.3% from $1,133.48 to $1,136.49, as compared to a decrease of 0.2% in the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The Partnership experienced a net trading gain before fees and expenses in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 of
$26,576,984. Gains were primarily attributable to the Partnership s/Funds  trading of commodity futures in U.S. and non-U.S. interest rates and were partially offset by losses in currencies, energy, grains, livestock, metals, softs and
indices. The Partnership experienced a net trading gain before fees and expenses in the nine months ended September 30, 2015 of $35,371,192. Gains were primarily attributable to the Partnership s/Funds  trading of commodity futures in
energy, U.S. and non-U.S. interest rates, livestock, metals and softs and were partially offset by losses in currencies, grains and indices.  
 The most significant losses were incurred within the energy markets during August and September from short positions in crude
oil and its related products as prices moved higher amid speculation of a potential agreement among the OPEC nations to curtail oil production. Losses within the energy sector were also recorded during April from short positions in crude oil and its
related products as prices surged as data from the Energy Information Agency showed U.S. crude oil production continued to decline. Within the metals markets, losses were recorded during January and February from short positions in gold and silver
futures as prices rose as a weakening U.S. dollar spurred investor demand for precious metals. Losses within the global stock index markets were experienced during June from long positions in U.S., European, and Asian equity index futures as prices
declined amid uncertainty surrounding the economic situation in Europe. Additional losses within the global stock index sector were experienced during April from short positions in Asian and European equity index futures as prices rallied early in
the month amid signs of optimism about the global economy. Within the currency sector, losses were experienced during May from long positions in the Japanese yen and Australian dollar versus the U.S. dollar as the relative value of the U.S. currency
advanced amid increased speculation of the potential for a June interest rate hike by the Federal Reserve. Within the agricultural sector, losses were incurred during March from short positions in wheat futures as prices moved higher after rainy
weather conditions threatened U.S. Midwest farmland. Additional losses in this sector were recorded during January from corn futures positions. The Partnership s trading losses for the first nine months of the year were offset by gains achieved
within the global interest rate sector during January and February from long positions in European and Asian fixed income futures as prices advanced after weakness in Chinese economic data revived concern about the stability of the global economy.
Additional gains were recorded during June from long positions in European and U.S. fixed income futures as prices moved higher as uncertainty surrounding the economic and political fallout following the U.K. s vote in late June to leave the
European Union increased demand for the relative  safety  of government debt.    Commodity markets are highly
volatile. Broad price fluctuations and rapid inflation increase the risks involved in commodity trading, but also increase the possibility for profit or loss. The profitability of the Partnership/Funds depends on the existence of major price trends
and the ability of the Advisors to correctly identify those price trends. Price trends are influenced by, among other things, changing supply and demand relationships, weather, governmental, agricultural, commercial and trade programs and policies,
national and international political and economic events and changes in interest rates. To the extent that market trends exist and the Advisors are able to identify them, the Partnership/Funds expect to increase capital through operations.  
 Interest income is earned on 100% of the average daily equity maintained in cash in the Partnership s (or the
Partnership s allocable portion of Willowbridge Master s or Winton Master s) brokerage account during each month at the rate equal to the monthly average of the 4-week U.S. Treasury bill discount rate. MS Co. will pay monthly
interest to Transtrend Master on 100% of the average daily equity maintained in cash in Transtrend Master s brokerage account during each month at the rate equal to the monthly average of the 4-week U.S. Treasury bill discount rate less 0.15%
during such month but in no event less than zero. When the effective rate is less than zero, no interest is earned. Any interest earned on the Partnership s and/or each Fund s cash account in excess of the amounts described above, if any,
will be retained by MS Co. and/or shared with the General Partner. All interest income earned on U.S. Treasury bills and money market mutual fund securities will be retained by the Partnership and/or the Funds, as applicable. Interest income
earned by the Partnership for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased by $620,845 and $1,741,645, respectively, as compared to the corresponding periods in 2015. The increase in interest income is primarily due to higher 4-week
U.S. Treasury bill discount rates along with additional interest income earned on U.S. Treasury bills during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the corresponding periods in 2015. Interest earned by the Partnership will
increase the net asset value of the Partnership. The amount of interest income earned by the Partnership depends on (1) the average daily equity maintained in cash in the Partnership s and/or the Funds  accounts, (2) the amount of U.S.
Treasury bills and/or money market mutual fund securities purchased by the Partnership and/or the Funds and (3) interest rates over which none of the Partnership, the Funds nor MS Co. has control.  
      25  

Table of Contents  

  Certain clearing fees are based on the number of trades executed by the Advisors
for the Partnership/Funds. Accordingly, they must be compared in relation to the number of trades executed during the period. Clearing fees related to direct investments for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 were $195,159 and
$488,505, respectively. The Partnership did not trade directly during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015.  
 Ongoing selling agent fees are based on the number of trades executed by the Advisors. Accordingly, they must be compared in
relation to the number of trades executed during the period. Ongoing selling agent fees for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased by $916,046 and $2,032,886, respectively, as compared to the corresponding periods in 2015. The
increase in ongoing selling agent fees during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the corresponding periods in 2015 is primarily due to an increase in the number of trades executed by the Advisors during the periods.
   Management fees, except fees payable to Transtrend, are calculated as a percentage of the Partnership s adjusted net
asset value as of the end of each month and are affected by trading performance, subscriptions and redemptions. Accordingly, they must be compared in relation to the fluctuations in the monthly net asset values. Management fees payable to Transtrend
are charged at the Transtrend Master level and are affected by trading performance, subscriptions and redemptions of Transtrend Master. Management fees for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 decreased by $552,160 and $1,570,808,
respectively, as compared to the corresponding periods in 2015. The decrease in management fees is due to lower average adjusted net assets during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the corresponding periods in 2015.
   Fees are paid to the General Partner for administering the business and affairs of the Partnership including, among other
things, (i) selecting, appointing and terminating the Partnership s commodity trading advisors, (ii) allocating and reallocating the Partnership s assets among the commodity trading advisors and (iii) monitoring the activities of the
commodity trading advisors. These fees are calculated as a percentage of the Partnership s adjusted net asset value as of the end of each month and are affected by trading performance, subscriptions and redemptions. Accordingly, they must be
compared in relation to the fluctuations in the monthly net asset values. The General Partner fees for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 decreased by $99,793 and $202,815, respectively, as compared to the corresponding periods in
2015. The decrease in the General Partner fees is due to lower average adjusted net assets during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the corresponding periods in 2015.  
 Incentive fees paid by the Partnership are based on the new trading profits, as defined in the respective management agreement
among the Partnership, the General Partner and each Advisor, generated by each Advisor at the end of the quarter, calendar half year or annually, as applicable. Trading performance for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 resulted in
incentive fees of $68,932 and $2,088,183, respectively. Trading performance for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 resulted in incentive fees of $0 and $15,369,288, respectively. To the extent an Advisor incurs a loss for the
Partnership, the Advisor will not be paid an incentive fee until such Advisor recovers any net loss incurred by the Advisor and earns additional new trading profits for the Partnership.  
 In allocating the assets of the Partnership among the Advisors, the General Partner considers, among other factors, each
Advisor s past performance, trading style, volatility of markets traded and fee requirements. The General Partner may modify or terminate the allocation of assets among the Advisors and may allocate assets to additional advisors at any time.
   As of September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016, the Partnership s assets were allocated among the trading Advisors in
the following approximate percentages:      
 
      26  

Table of Contents  

     Item 3.       Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures about Market Risk     The Partnership/Funds are speculative commodity pools. The market sensitive instruments
held by the Partnership/Funds are acquired for speculative trading purposes, and all or substantially all of the Partnership s/Funds  assets are subject to the risk of trading loss. Unlike an operating company, the risk of market sensitive
instruments is integral, not incidental, to the Partnership s/Funds  main line of business.    The limited
partners will not be liable for losses exceeding the current net asset value of their investment.    Market movements result
in frequent changes in the fair value of the Partnership s/Funds  open contracts and, consequently, in their earnings and cash balances. The Partnership s/Funds  market risk is influenced by a wide variety of factors, including
the level and volatility of interest rates, exchange rates, equity price levels, the market value of financial instruments and contracts, the diversification effects among the Partnership s/Funds  open contracts and the liquidity of the
markets in which they trade.    The Partnership/Funds rapidly acquire and liquidate both long and short positions in a wide
range of different markets. Consequently, it is not possible to predict how a particular future market scenario will affect performance, and the Partnership s/Funds  past performances are not necessarily indicative of their future results.
    Value at Risk  is a measure of the maximum amount which the Partnership/Funds could reasonably be expected to
lose in a given market sector. However, the inherent uncertainty of the Partnership s/Funds  speculative trading and the recurrence in the markets traded by the Partnership/Funds of market movements far exceeding expectations could result
in actual trading or non-trading losses far beyond the indicated Value at Risk or the Partnership s/Funds  experience to date (i.e.,  risk of ruin ). In light of the foregoing, as well as the risks and uncertainties intrinsic to
all future projections, the inclusion of the quantification in this section should not be considered to constitute any assurance or representation that the Partnership s/Funds  losses in any market sector will be limited to Value at Risk
or by the Partnership s/Funds  attempts to manage their market risk.    Exchange margin requirements have been
used by the Partnership/Funds as the measure of their Value at Risk. Margin requirements are set by exchanges to equal or exceed the maximum losses reasonably expected to be incurred in the fair value of any given contract in 95%-99% of any one-day
interval. The margin levels are established by dealers and exchanges using historical price studies as well as an assessment of current market volatility (including the implied volatility of the options on a given futures contract) and economic
fundamentals to provide a probabilistic estimate of the maximum expected near-term one-day price fluctuation.    Value at
Risk tables represent a probabilistic assessment of the risk of loss in market risk sensitive instruments. The Advisors, with exception to Systematica, currently trade the Partnership s assets indirectly in master fund managed accounts
established in the name of the master funds over which they have been granted limited authority to make trading decisions. Systematica directly trades a managed account in the name of the Partnership. The first two trading Value at Risk tables
reflect the market sensitive instruments held by the Partnership directly and through its investments in the Funds. The remaining trading Value at Risk tables reflect the market sensitive instruments held by the Partnership directly (i.e. in the
managed account in the Partnership s name traded by Systematica) and indirectly by each Fund separately. There has been no material change in the trading Value at Risk information previously disclosed in the Partnership s Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.  
      27  

Table of Contents  

  The following tables indicate the trading Value at Risk associated with the
Partnership s open positions by market category as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. As of September 30, 2016, the Partnership s total capitalization was $1,031,175,188.  
  September 30, 2016       
   As of December 31, 2015, the Partnership s total capitalization was $1,090,699,381.  
  December 31, 2015       
 
      28  

Table of Contents  

  The following tables indicate the trading Value at Risk associated with the
Partnership s direct investments and indirect investments in the Funds by market category as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the highest and lowest value at any point and the average value during the period. All open position
trading risk exposures have been included in the calculating the figures set forth below.    As of September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015 the Partnership s Value at Risk for the portion of its assets that are traded directly was as follows:     September
30, 2016       
   *            Average of month-end Values at Risk.  
      29  

Table of Contents  

  As of September 30, 2016, Winton Master s total capitalization was
$540,650,533. The Partnership owned approximately 52.9% of Winton Master. As of September 30, 2016, Winton Master s Value at Risk for its assets (including the portion of the Partnership s assets allocated to Winton for trading) was as
follows:     September 30, 2016       

* 
   Average of month-end Values at Risk.     
 As of December 31, 2015, Winton Master s total capitalization was $603,041,370. The Partnership owned approximately 58.4%
of Winton Master. As of December 31, 2015, Winton s Master s Value at Risk for its assets (including the portion of the Partnership s assets allocated to Winton for trading) was as follows:  
  December 31, 2015       

* 
   Annual average of month-end Values at Risk.     
      30  

Table of Contents  

  As of September 30, 2016, Transtrend Master s total capitalization was
$309,249,000. The Partnership owned approximately 94.0% of Transtrend Master. As of September 30, 2016, Transtrend Master s Value at Risk for its assets (including the portion of the Partnership s assets allocated to Transtrend for
trading) was as follows:     September 30, 2016       

* 
 Average of daily Values at Risk.      As of December 31, 2015, Transtrend
Master s total capitalization was $375,060,725. The Partnership owned 96.1% of Transtrend Master. As of December 31, 2015, Transtrend Master s Value at Risk for its assets (including the portion of the Partnerships s assets allocated
to Transtrend for trading) was as follows:     December 31, 2015   

* 
 Annual average of daily Values at Risk.    
      31  

Table of Contents  

  As of September 30, 2016, Willowbridge Master s total capitalization was
$370,587,401. The Partnership owned approximately 74.6% of Willowbridge Master. As of September 30, 2016, Willowbridge Master s Value at Risk for its assets (including the portion of the Partnership s assets allocated to Willowbridge for
trading) was as follows:     September 30, 2016       

* 
 Average of month-end Values at Risk.      As of December 31, 2015, Willowbridge
Master s total capitalization was $348,699,949. The Partnership owned approximately 82.0% of Willowbridge Master. As of December 31, 2015, Willowbridge Master s Value at Risk for its assets (including the portion of the Partnership s
assets allocated to Willowbridge for trading) was as follows:     December 31, 2015   

* 
 Annual average of month-end Values at Risk.    
      32  

Table of Contents  

     Item 4.    Controls and Procedures   
 The Partnership s disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by
the Partnership on the reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the  Exchange Act ), is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods expected in the SEC s rules and forms.
Disclosure controls and procedures include controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Partnership in the reports it files is accumulated and communicated to management, including the President and
Chief Financial Officer (the  CFO ) of the General Partner, to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure and appropriate SEC filings.  
 The General Partner is responsible for ensuring that there is an adequate and effective process for establishing, maintaining
and evaluating disclosure controls and procedures for the Partnership s external disclosures.    The General
Partner s President and CFO have evaluated the effectiveness of the Partnership s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of September 30, 2016, and, based on that
evaluation, the General Partner s President and CFO have concluded that, at that date, the Partnership s disclosure controls and procedures were effective.  
 The Partnership s  internal control over financial reporting  is a process under the supervision of the General
Partner s President and CFO to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP. These controls include policies and procedures that:  

pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the
transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Partnership;         

provide reasonable assurance that (i) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of
financial statements in accordance with GAAP and (ii) the Partnership s receipts are handled and expenditures are made only pursuant to authorizations of the General Partner; and     

provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection and correction of unauthorized
acquisition, use or disposition of the Partnership s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.     
 There were no changes in the Partnership s internal control over the financial reporting process during the fiscal
quarter ended September 30, 2016, that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Partnership s internal control over financial reporting.  
      33  

Table of Contents  

     Part II. OTHER INFORMATION   
    Item 1.        Legal Proceedings   
 This section describes the major pending legal proceedings, other than ordinary routine litigation incidental to the business,
to which MS Co. or its subsidiaries is a party or to which any of their property is subject. There are no material legal proceedings pending against the Partnership or the General Partner.  
 On June 1, 2011, Morgan Stanley   Co. Incorporated converted from a Delaware corporation to a Delaware limited
liability company. As a result of that conversion, Morgan Stanley   Co. Incorporated is now named Morgan Stanley   Co. LLC ( MS Co. ).  
 MS Co. is a wholly owned, indirect subsidiary of Morgan Stanley, a Delaware holding company. Morgan Stanley files periodic
reports with the SEC as required by the Exchange Act, which include current descriptions of material litigation and material proceedings and investigations, if any, by governmental and/or regulatory agencies or self-regulatory organizations
concerning Morgan Stanley and its subsidiaries, including MS Co. As a consolidated subsidiary of Morgan Stanley, MS Co. does not file its own periodic reports with the SEC that contain descriptions of material litigation, proceedings and
investigations. As a result, please refer to the  Legal Proceedings  section of Morgan Stanley s SEC  10-K  filings for 2015, 2014, 2013, 2012 and 2011. In addition, MS Co. annually prepares
an Audited, Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition ( Audited Financial Statement ) that is publicly available on Morgan Stanley s website at  www.morganstanley.com . Please refer to the Commitments, Guarantees and
Contingencies   Legal section of MS Co. s 2015 Audited Financial Statement.    In addition to the matters
described in those filings, in the normal course of business, each of Morgan Stanley and MS Co. has been named, from time to time, as a defendant in various legal actions, including arbitrations, class actions, and other litigation, arising in
connection with its activities as a global diversified financial services institution. Certain of the legal actions include claims for substantial compensatory and/or punitive damages or claims for indeterminate amounts of damages. Each of Morgan
Stanley and MS Co. is also involved, from time to time, in investigations and proceedings by governmental and/or regulatory agencies or self-regulatory organizations, certain of which may result in adverse judgments, fines or penalties. The
number of these investigations and proceedings has increased in recent years with regard to many financial services institutions, including Morgan Stanley and MS Co.  
 MS Co. is a Delaware limited liability company with its main business office located at 1585 Broadway, New York, New York
10036. Among other registrations and memberships, MS Co. is registered as a futures commission merchant and is a member of the National Futures Association.  
   Regulatory and Governmental Matters         
 MS Co. has received subpoenas and requests for information from certain federal and state regulatory and governmental
entities, including among others various members of the RMBS Working Group of the Financial Fraud Enforcement Task Force, such as the United States Department of Justice, Civil Division and several state Attorney General s Offices, concerning
the origination, financing, purchase, securitization and servicing of subprime and non-subprime residential mortgages and related matters such as residential mortgage-backed securities ( RMBS ), collateralized debt obligations
( CDOs ), structured investment vehicles ( SIVs ) and credit default swaps backed by or referencing mortgage pass-through certificates. These matters, some of which are in advanced stages, include, but are not limited to,
investigations related to MS Co. s due diligence on the loans that it purchased for securitization, MS Co. s communications with ratings agencies, MS Co. s disclosures to investors, and MS Co. s handling of
servicing and foreclosure related issues.    On February 25, 2015, MS Co. reached an agreement in principle with
the United States Department of Justice, Civil Division and the United States Attorney s Office for the Northern District of California, Civil Division (collectively, the  Civil Division ) to pay $2.6 billion to resolve certain
claims that the Civil Division indicated it intended to bring against MS Co. That settlement was finalized on February 10, 2016.  
      34  

Table of Contents  

  On April 1, 2016, the California Attorney General s Office filed an
action against MS Co. and certain affiliates in California state court styled  California v. Morgan Stanley, et al. , on behalf of California investors, including the California Public Employees  Retirement System and the California
Teachers  Retirement System. The complaint alleges that MS Co. made misrepresentations and omissions regarding residential mortgage-backed securities and notes issued by the Cheyne SIV (defined below), and asserts violations of the
California False Claims Act and other state laws and seeks treble damages, civil penalties, disgorgement, and injunctive relief. On July 20, 2016, MS Co. filed a demurrer, which was granted on September 30, 2016. On October 21,
2016, the California Attorney General filed an amended complaint.    In October 2014, the Illinois Attorney
General s Office ( ILAG ) sent a letter to MS Co. alleging that MS Co. knowingly made misrepresentations related to RMBS purchased by certain pension funds affiliated with the State of Illinois and demanding that MS Co.
pay ILAG approximately $88 million. MS Co. and ILAG reached an agreement to resolve the matter on February 10, 2016.  
 On January 13, 2015, the New York Attorney General s Office ( NYAG ), which is also a member of the RMBS
Working Group, indicated that it intended to file a lawsuit related to approximately 30 subprime securitizations sponsored by MS Co. NYAG indicated that the lawsuit would allege that MS Co. misrepresented or omitted material information
related to the due diligence, underwriting and valuation of the loans in the securitizations and the properties securing them and indicated that its lawsuit would be brought under the Martin Act. MS Co. and NYAG reached an agreement to resolve
the matter on February 10, 2016.    On June 5, 2012, MS Co. consented to and became the subject of an Order
Instituting Proceedings Pursuant to Sections 6(c) and 6(d) of the Commodity Exchange Act, as amended, Making Findings and Imposing Remedial Sanctions by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission ( CFTC ) to resolve allegations related to
the failure of a salesperson to comply with exchange rules that prohibit off-exchange futures transactions unless there is an Exchange for Related Position ( EFRP ). Specifically, the CFTC found that from April 2008 through October 2009,
MS Co. violated Section 4c(a) of the Commodity Exchange Act and CFTC Regulation 1.38 by executing, processing and reporting numerous off-exchange futures trades to the Chicago Mercantile Exchange ( CME ) and Chicago Board of
Trade ( CBOT ) as EFRPs in violation of CME and CBOT rules because those trades lacked the corresponding and related cash, OTC swap, OTC option, or other OTC derivative position. In addition, the CFTC found that MS Co. violated CFTC
Regulation 166.3 by failing to supervise the handling of the trades at issue and failing to have adequate policies and procedures designed to detect and deter the violations of the Commodity Exchange Act and CFTC Regulations. Without admitting
or denying the underlying allegations and without adjudication of any issue of law or fact, MS Co. accepted and consented to entry of findings and the imposition of a cease and desist order, a fine of $5,000,000, and undertakings related to
public statements, cooperation and payment of the fine. MS Co. entered into corresponding and related settlements with the CME and CBOT in which the CME found that MS Co. violated CME Rules 432.Q and 538 and fined MS Co. $750,000
and CBOT found that MS Co. violated CBOT Rules 432.Q and 538 and fined MS Co. $1,000,000.    On July 23,
2014, the SEC approved a settlement by MS Co. and certain affiliates to resolve an investigation related to certain subprime RMBS transactions sponsored and underwritten by those entities in 2007. Pursuant to the settlement, MS Co. and
certain affiliates were charged with violating Sections 17(a)(2) and 17(a)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, agreed to pay disgorgement and penalties in an amount of $275 million and neither admitted nor denied the SEC s
findings.    On April 21, 2015, the Chicago Board Options Exchange, Incorporated ( CBOE ) and the CBOE
Futures Exchange, LLC ( CFE ) filed statements of charges against MS Co. in connection with trading by one of MS Co. s former traders of EEM options contracts that allegedly disrupted the final settlement price of the November
2012 VXEM futures. CBOE alleged that MS Co. violated CBOE Rules 4.1, 4.2 and 4.7, Sections 9(a) and 10(b) of the Exchange Act, and Rule 10b-5 thereunder. CFE alleged that MS Co. violated CFE Rules 608, 609 and 620. The
matters were resolved on June 28, 2016 without any findings of fraud.  
      35  

Table of Contents  

  On June 18, 2015, MS Co. entered into a settlement with the SEC and paid
a fine of $500,000 as part of the Municipalities Continuing Disclosure Cooperation Initiative to resolve allegations that MS Co. failed to form a reasonable basis through adequate due diligence for believing the truthfulness of the assertions by
issuers and/or obligors regarding their compliance with previous continuing disclosure undertakings pursuant to Rule 15c2-12 under the Exchange Act in connection with offerings in which MS Co. acted as senior or sole underwriter. 
 On August 6, 2015, MS Co. consented to and became the subject of an order by the CFTC to resolve allegations that
MS Co. violated CFTC Regulation 22.9(a) by failing to hold sufficient U.S. dollars in cleared swap segregated accounts in the United States to meet all U.S. dollar obligations to cleared swaps customers. Specifically, the CFTC found that while
MS Co. at all times held sufficient funds in segregation to cover its obligations to its customers, on certain days during 2013 and 2014, it held currencies, such as euros, instead of U.S. dollars, to meet its U.S. dollar obligations. In
addition, the CFTC found that MS Co. violated CFTC Regulation 166.3 by failing to have in place adequate procedures to ensure that it complied with CFTC Regulation 22.9(a). Without admitting or denying the findings or conclusions and
without adjudication of any issue of law or fact, MS Co. accepted and consented to the entry of findings, the imposition of a cease and desist order, a civil monetary penalty of $300,000, and undertakings related to public statements,
cooperation, and payment of the monetary penalty.      Civil Litigation    
 On December 23, 2009, the Federal Home Loan Bank of Seattle filed a complaint against MS Co. and another defendant in
the Superior Court of the State of Washington, styled  Federal Home Loan Bank of Seattle v. Morgan Stanley   Co. Inc., et al.  The amended complaint, filed on September 28, 2010, alleges that defendants made untrue statements and
material omissions in the sale to plaintiff of certain mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The total amount of certificates allegedly sold to plaintiff by MS Co. was
approximately $233 million. The complaint raises claims under the Washington State Securities Act and seeks, among other things, to rescind the plaintiff s purchase of such certificates. By orders dated June 23, 2011 and July 18,
2011, the court denied defendants  omnibus motion to dismiss plaintiff s amended complaint and on August 15, 2011, the court denied MS Co. s individual motion to dismiss the amended complaint. On March 7, 2013, the court
granted defendants  motion to strike plaintiff s demand for a jury trial. The defendants  joint motions for partial summary judgment were denied on November 9, 2015. At September 25, 2016, the current unpaid balance of the
mortgage pass-through certificates at issue in this action was approximately $43 million, and the certificates had not yet incurred actual losses. Based on currently available information, MS Co. believes it could incur a loss in this
action up to the difference between the $43 million unpaid balance of these certificates (plus any losses incurred) and their fair market value at the time of a judgment against MS Co., plus pre- and post-judgment interest, fees and costs.
MS Co. may be entitled to be indemnified for some of these losses and to an offset for interest received by the plaintiff prior to a judgment.  
 On March 15, 2010, the Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco filed a complaint against MS Co. and other defendants
in the Superior Court of the State of California styled  Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco v. Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. et al.  An amended complaint, filed on June 10, 2010, alleges that defendants made untrue
statements and material omissions in connection with the sale to plaintiff of certain mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The amount of certificates allegedly sold to plaintiff by
MS Co. was approximately $276 million. The complaint raises claims under both the federal securities laws and California law and seeks, among other things, to rescind the plaintiff s purchase of such certificates. On August 11,
2011, plaintiff s federal securities law claims were dismissed with prejudice. On February 9, 2012, defendants  demurrers with respect to all other claims were overruled. On December 20, 2013, plaintiff s negligent
misrepresentation claims were dismissed with prejudice. At September 25, 2016, the current unpaid balance of the mortgage pass-through certificates at issue in these cases was approximately $52 million, and the certificates had incurred
actual losses of approximately $2 million. Based on currently available information, MS Co. believes it could incur a loss for this action up to the difference between the $55 million unpaid balance of these certificates (plus any
losses incurred) and their fair market value at the time of a judgment against MS Co., or upon sale, plus pre- and post-judgment interest, fees and costs. MS Co. may be entitled to be indemnified for some of these losses and to an offset for
interest received by the plaintiff prior to a judgment.  
      36  

Table of Contents  

  On July 15, 2010, China Development Industrial Bank ( CDIB ) filed
a complaint against MS Co., styled  China Development Industrial Bank v. Morgan Stanley   Co. Incorporated et al ., which is pending in the Supreme Court of the State of New York, New York County ( Supreme Court of NY ).
The complaint relates to a $275 million credit default swap referencing the super senior portion of the STACK 2006-1 CDO. The complaint asserts claims for common law fraud, fraudulent inducement and fraudulent concealment and alleges that
MS Co. misrepresented the risks of the STACK 2006-1 CDO to CDIB, and that MS Co. knew that the assets backing the CDO were of poor quality when it entered into the credit default swap with CDIB. The complaint seeks compensatory damages
related to the approximately $228 million that CDIB alleges it has already lost under the credit default swap, rescission of CDIB s obligation to pay an additional $12 million, punitive damages, equitable relief, fees and costs. On
February 28, 2011, the court denied MS Co. s motion to dismiss the complaint. Based on currently available information, MS Co. believes it could incur a loss of up to approximately $240 million plus pre- and post-judgment
interest, fees and costs.    On October 15, 2010, the Federal Home Loan Bank of Chicago filed a complaint against
MS Co. and other defendants in the Circuit Court of the State of Illinois, styled  Federal Home Loan Bank of Chicago v. Bank of America Funding Corporation et al.  A corrected amended complaint was filed on April 8,
2011, which alleges that defendants made untrue statements and material omissions in the sale to plaintiff of a number of mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans and asserts claims
under Illinois law. The total amount of certificates allegedly sold to plaintiff by MS Co. at issue in the action was approximately $203 million. The complaint seeks, among other things, to rescind the plaintiff s purchase of such
certificates. The defendants filed a motion to dismiss the corrected amended complaint on May 27, 2011, which was denied on September 19, 2012. On December 13, 2013, the court entered an order dismissing all claims related to one of
the securitizations at issue. After that dismissal, the remaining amount of certificates allegedly issued by MS Co. or sold to plaintiff by MS Co. was approximately $78 million. At September 25, 2016, the current unpaid balance of
the mortgage pass-through certificates at issue in this action was approximately $48 million, and the certificates had not yet incurred actual losses. Based on currently available information, MS Co. believes it could incur a loss in this
action up to the difference between the $48 million unpaid balance of these certificates (plus any losses incurred) and their fair market value at the time of a judgment against MS Co., plus pre- and post-judgment interest, fees and costs.
MS Co. may be entitled to be indemnified for some of these losses and to an offset for interest received by the plaintiff prior to a judgment.  
 On April 20, 2011, the Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston filed a complaint against MS Co. and other defendants in the
Superior Court of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts styled  Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston v. Ally Financial, Inc. F/K/A GMAC LLC et al.  An amended complaint was filed on June 29, 2012 and alleges that defendants made untrue statements
and material omissions in the sale to plaintiff of certain mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The total amount of certificates allegedly issued by MS Co. or sold to plaintiff
by MS Co. was approximately $385 million. The amended complaint raises claims under the Massachusetts Uniform Securities Act, the Massachusetts Consumer Protection Act and common law and seeks, among other things, to rescind the
plaintiff s purchase of such certificates. On May 26, 2011, defendants removed the case to the United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts. The defendants  motions to dismiss the amended complaint were granted in
part and denied in part on September 30, 2013. On November 25, 2013, July 16, 2014, and May 19, 2015, respectively, the plaintiff voluntarily dismissed its claims against MS Co. with respect to three of the securitizations at
issue. After these voluntary dismissals, the remaining amount of certificates allegedly issued by MS Co. or sold to plaintiff by MS Co. was approximately $332 million. At September 25, 2016, the current unpaid balance of the
mortgage pass-through certificates at issue in this action was approximately $52 million, and the certificates had not yet incurred actual losses. Based on currently available information, MS Co. believes it could incur a loss in this
action up to the difference between the $52 million unpaid balance of these certificates (plus any losses incurred) and their fair market value at the time of a judgment against MS Co., or upon sale, plus pre- and post-judgment interest,
fees and costs. MS Co. may be entitled to be indemnified for some of these losses and to an offset for interest received by the plaintiff prior to a judgment. 
      37  

Table of Contents  

  On May 3, 2013, plaintiffs in  Deutsche Zentral-Genossenschaftsbank AG et
al. v. Morgan Stanley et al.  filed a complaint against MS Co., certain affiliates, and other defendants in the Supreme Court of NY. The complaint alleges that defendants made material misrepresentations and omissions in the sale to
plaintiffs of certain mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The total amount of certificates allegedly sponsored, underwritten and/or sold by MS Co. to plaintiff currently at
issue in this action was approximately $644 million. The complaint alleges causes of action against MS Co. for common law fraud, fraudulent concealment, aiding and abetting fraud, negligent misrepresentation, and rescission and seeks, among
other things, compensatory and punitive damages. On June 10, 2014, the court granted in part and denied in part MS Co. s motion to dismiss the complaint. MS Co. perfected its appeal from that decision on June 12, 2015. At
September 25, 2016, the current unpaid balance of the mortgage pass-through certificates at issue in this action was approximately $252 million, and the certificates had incurred actual losses of approximately $85 million. Based on
currently available information, MS Co. believes it could incur a loss in this action up to the difference between the $252 million unpaid balance of these certificates (plus any losses incurred) and their fair market value at the time of a
judgment against MS Co., or upon sale, plus pre- and post-judgment interest, fees and costs. MS Co. may be entitled to be indemnified for some of these losses.  
 On May 17, 2013, plaintiff in  IKB International S.A. in Liquidation, et al. v. Morgan Stanley, et al.  filed a
complaint against MS Co. and certain affiliates in the Supreme Court of NY. The complaint alleges that defendants made material misrepresentations and omissions in the sale to plaintiff of certain mortgage pass-through certificates backed by
securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The total amount of certificates allegedly sponsored, underwritten and/or sold by MS Co. to plaintiff was approximately $132 million. The complaint alleges causes of action
against MS Co. for common law fraud, fraudulent concealment, aiding and abetting fraud, and negligent misrepresentation, and seeks, among other things, compensatory and punitive damages. On October 29, 2014, the court granted in part and
denied in part MS Co. s motion to dismiss. All claims regarding four certificates were dismissed. After these dismissals, the remaining amount of certificates allegedly issued by MS Co. or sold to plaintiff by MS Co. was
approximately $116 million. On August 26, 2015, MS Co. perfected its appeal from the court s October 29, 2014 decision. On August 11, 2016, the Appellate Division, First Department affirmed the trial court s
decision denying in part MS Co. s motion to dismiss the complaint. At September 25, 2016, the current unpaid balance of the mortgage pass-through certificates at issue in this action was approximately $26 million, and the
certificates had incurred actual losses of $58 million. Based on currently available information, MS Co. believes it could incur a loss in this action up to the difference between the $26 million unpaid balance of these certificates
(plus any losses incurred) and their fair market value at the time of a judgment against MS Co., or upon sale, plus pre- and post-judgment interest, fees and costs. MS Co. may be entitled to be indemnified for some of these losses and to an
offset for interest received by the plaintiff prior to a judgment.      Settled Civil Litigation    
 On August 25, 2008, MS Co. and two ratings agencies were named as defendants in a purported class action related to
securities issued by a structured investment vehicle called Cheyne Finance PLC and Cheyne Finance LLC (together, the  Cheyne SIV ). The case was styled  Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank, et al. v. Morgan Stanley   Co. Inc., et al. 
The complaint alleged, among other things, that the ratings assigned to the securities issued by the Cheyne SIV were false and misleading, including because the ratings did not accurately reflect the risks associated with the subprime residential
mortgage-backed securities held by the Cheyne SIV. The plaintiffs asserted allegations of aiding and abetting fraud and negligent misrepresentation relating to approximately $852 million of securities issued by the Cheyne SIV. On April 24,
2013, the parties reached an agreement to settle the case, and on April 26, 2013, the court dismissed the action with prejudice.  
      38  

Table of Contents  

  On March 15, 2010, the Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco filed a
complaint against MS Co. and other defendants in the Superior Court of the State of California styled  Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco v. Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, et al . An amended complaint filed on June 10,
2010 alleged that defendants made untrue statements and material omissions in connection with the sale to plaintiff of a number of mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The amount
of certificates allegedly sold to plaintiff by MS Co. was approximately $704 million. The complaint raised claims under both the federal securities laws and California law and sought, among other things, to rescind the plaintiff s
purchase of such certificates. On January 26, 2015, as a result of a settlement with certain other defendants, the plaintiff requested and the court subsequently entered a dismissal with prejudice of certain of the plaintiff s claims,
including all remaining claims against MS Co.    On July 9, 2010 and February 11, 2011, Cambridge Place
Investment Management Inc. filed two separate complaints against MS Co. and/or its affiliates and other defendants in the Superior Court of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, both styled  Cambridge Place Investment Management Inc. v. Morgan
Stanley   Co., Inc., et al.  The complaints asserted claims on behalf of certain clients of plaintiff s affiliates and alleged that defendants made untrue statements and material omissions in the sale of a number of mortgage
pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The total amount of certificates allegedly issued by MS Co. and/or its affiliates or sold to plaintiff s affiliates  clients by MS Co.
and/or its affiliates in the two matters was approximately $263 million. On February 11, 2014, the parties entered into an agreement to settle the litigation. On February 20, 2014, the court dismissed the action.  
 On October 25, 2010, MS Co., certain affiliates and Pinnacle Performance Limited, a special purpose vehicle
( SPV ), were named as defendants in a purported class action in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York ( SDNY ), styled  Ge Dandong, et al. v. Pinnacle Performance Ltd., et al.  On
January 31, 2014, the plaintiffs in the action, which related to securities issued by the SPV in Singapore, filed a second amended complaint, which asserted common law claims of fraud, aiding and abetting fraud, fraudulent inducement, aiding
and abetting fraudulent inducement, and breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing. On July 17, 2014, the parties reached an agreement to settle the litigation, which received final court approval on July 2, 2015.  
 On July 5, 2011, Allstate Insurance Company and certain of its affiliated entities filed a complaint against MS Co.
in the Supreme Court of NY, styled  Allstate Insurance Company, et al. v. Morgan Stanley, et al . An amended complaint was filed on September 9, 2011, and alleged that the defendants made untrue statements and material omissions in the
sale to the plaintiffs of certain mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The total amount of certificates allegedly issued and/or sold to the plaintiffs by MS Co. was
approximately $104 million. The complaint raised common law claims of fraud, fraudulent inducement, aiding and abetting fraud, and negligent misrepresentation and seeks, among other things, compensatory and/or recessionary damages associated
with the plaintiffs  purchases of such certificates. On January 16, 2015, the parties reached an agreement to settle the litigation.  
 On July 18, 2011, the Western and Southern Life Insurance Company and certain affiliated companies filed a complaint
against MS Co. and other defendants in the Court of Common Pleas in Ohio, styled  Western and Southern Life Insurance Company, et al. v. Morgan Stanley Mortgage Capital Inc., et al . An amended complaint was filed on April 2, 2012 and
alleged that defendants made untrue statements and material omissions in the sale to plaintiffs of certain mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The amount of the certificates
allegedly sold to plaintiffs by MS Co. was approximately $153 million. On June 8, 2015, the parties reached an agreement to settle the litigation.  
      39  

Table of Contents  

  On September 2, 2011, the Federal Housing Finance Agency, as conservator for
Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, filed 17 complaints against numerous financial services companies, including MS Co. and certain affiliates. A complaint against MS Co. and certain affiliates and other defendants was filed in the Supreme Court of
NY, styled  Federal Housing Finance Agency, as Conservator v. Morgan Stanley et al . The complaint alleged that defendants made untrue statements and material omissions in connection with the sale to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac of residential
mortgage pass-through certificates with an original unpaid balance of approximately $11 billion. The complaint raised claims under federal and state securities laws and common law and sought, among other things, rescission and compensatory and
punitive damages. On February 7, 2014, the parties entered into an agreement to settle the litigation. On February 20, 2014, the court dismissed the action.  
 On April 25, 2012, Metropolitan Life Insurance Company and certain affiliates filed a complaint against MS Co. and
certain affiliates in the Supreme Court of NY, styled  Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, et al. v. Morgan Stanley, et al.  An amended complaint was filed on June 29, 2012, and alleged that the defendants made untrue statements and
material omissions in the sale to the plaintiffs of certain mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The total amount of certificates allegedly sponsored, underwritten, and/or sold by
MS Co. was approximately $758 million. The amended complaint raised common law claims of fraud, fraudulent inducement, and aiding and abetting fraud and sought, among other things, rescission, compensatory, and/or rescissionary damages, as
well as punitive damages, associated with the plaintiffs  purchases of such certificates. On April 11, 2014, the parties entered into a settlement agreement.  
 On April 25, 2012, The Prudential Insurance Company of America and certain affiliates filed a complaint against
MS Co. and certain affiliates in the Superior Court of the State of New Jersey, styled  The Prudential Insurance Company of America, et al. v. Morgan Stanley, et al.  On October 16, 2012, plaintiffs filed an amended complaint. The
amended complaint alleged that defendants made untrue statements and material omissions in connection with the sale to plaintiffs of certain mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans.
The total amount of certificates allegedly sponsored, underwritten and/or sold by MS Co. was approximately $1.073 billion. The amended complaint raised claims under the New Jersey Uniform Securities Law, as well as common law claims of
negligent misrepresentation, fraud, fraudulent inducement, equitable fraud, aiding and abetting fraud, and violations of the New Jersey Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act, and included a claim for treble damages. On January 8,
2016, the parties reached an agreement to settle the litigation.     In re Morgan Stanley Mortgage Pass-Through
Certificates Litigation , which had been pending in the SDNY, was a putative class action involving allegations that, among other things, the registration statements and offering documents related to the offerings of certain mortgage pass-through
certificates in 2006 and 2007 contained false and misleading information concerning the pools of residential loans that backed these securitizations. On December 18, 2014, the parties  agreement to settle the litigation received final
court approval, and on December 19, 2014, the court entered an order dismissing the action.   On November 4, 2011,
the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, as receiver for Franklin Bank S.S.B, filed two complaints against MS Co. in the District Court of the State of Texas. Each was styled  Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation as Receiver for Franklin
Bank, S.S.B v. Morgan Stanley   Company LLC F/K/A Morgan Stanley   Co. Inc.  and alleged that MS Co. made untrue statements and material omissions in connection with the sale to plaintiff of mortgage pass-through
certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The amount of certificates allegedly underwritten and sold to plaintiff by MS Co. in these cases was approximately $67 million and $35 million,
respectively. On July 2, 2015, the parties reached an agreement to settle the litigation.    On February 14, 2013,
Bank Hapoalim B.M. filed a complaint against MS Co. and certain affiliates in the Supreme Court of NY, styled  Bank Hapoalim B.M. v. Morgan Stanley et al.  The complaint alleged that defendants made material misrepresentations and omissions
in the sale to plaintiff of certain mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The total amount of certificates allegedly sponsored, underwritten and/or sold by MS Co. to plaintiff
was approximately $141 million. On July 28, 2015, the parties reached an agreement to settle the litigation, and on August 12, 2015, the plaintiff filed a stipulation of discontinuance with prejudice.  
      40  

Table of Contents  

  On September 23, 2013, the plaintiff in  National Credit Union
Administration Board v. Morgan Stanley   Co. Inc., et al.  filed a complaint against MS Co. and certain affiliates in the SDNY. The complaint alleged that defendants made untrue statements of material fact or omitted to state
material facts in the sale to the plaintiff of certain mortgage pass-through certificates issued by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The total amount of certificates allegedly sponsored, underwritten and/or sold by
MS Co. to plaintiffs in the matter was approximately $417 million. The complaint alleged violations of federal and various state securities laws and sought, among other things, rescissionary and compensatory damages. On November 23,
2015, the parties reached an agreement to settle the matter.    On September 16, 2014, the Virginia Attorney
General s Office filed a civil lawsuit, styled  Commonwealth of Virginia ex rel. Integra REC LLC v. Barclays Capital Inc., et al. , against MS Co. and several other defendants in the Circuit Court of the City of Richmond related to
RMBS. The lawsuit alleged that MS Co. and the other defendants knowingly made misrepresentations and omissions related to the loans backing RMBS purchased by the Virginia Retirement System. The complaint asserted claims under the Virginia Fraud
Against Taxpayers Act, as well as common law claims of actual and constructive fraud, and sought, among other things, treble damages and civil penalties. On January 6, 2016, the parties reached an agreement to settle the litigation. An order
dismissing the action with prejudice was entered on January 28, 2016.    Additional lawsuits containing claims similar
to those described above may be filed in the future. In the course of its business, MS Co., as a major futures commission merchant, is party to various civil actions, claims and routine regulatory investigations and proceedings that the General
Partner believes do not have a material effect on the business of MS Co. MS Co. may establish reserves from time to time in connections with such actions.  
      41  

Table of Contents  

     Item lA.    Risk Factors.   
 There have been no material changes to the risk factors set forth under Part I, Item 1A.  Risk Factors  in the
Partnership s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 and under Part II, Item 1A.  Risk Factors  in the Partnership s Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31, 2016 and June
30, 2016.       Item 2.    Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.   
 For the three months ended September 30, 2016, there were subscriptions of 8,073.8230 Class A Redeemable Units totaling
$24,818,064 and subscriptions of 211.4010 Class Z Redeemable Units totaling $250,000. The Redeemable Units were issued in reliance upon applicable exemptions from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and
Section 506 of Regulation D promulgated thereunder. These Redeemable Units were purchased by accredited investors as defined in Regulation D. In determining the applicability of the exemption, the General Partner relied on the fact that the
Redeemable Units were purchased by accredited investors in a private offering.    Proceeds from the sale of Redeemable Units
are used in the trading of commodity interests including futures, option and forward contracts.    The following chart sets
forth the purchases of Redeemable Units for each Class by the Partnership.      

* 
   Generally, limited partners are permitted to redeem their Redeemable Units as of the end of each month on
three business days  notice to the General Partner. Under certain circumstances, the General Partner may compel redemption, although to date the General Partner has not exercised this right. Purchases of Redeemable Units by the Partnership
reflected in the chart above were made in the ordinary course of the Partnership s business in connection with effecting redemptions for limited partners.     

** 
   Redemptions of Redeemable Units are effected as of the end of each month at the net asset value per Redeemable
Unit as of that day. No fee will be charged for redemptions.          Item 3.    Defaults Upon
Senior Securities    None.         Item 4.    Mine Safety Disclosures    Not
Applicable.         Item 5.    Other Information    None.    
      42  

Table of Contents  

     Item 6.    Exhibits   

3.1  
   
   (a)  
   
    Fourth Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement, dated August 31, 2012 (filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the current
report on Form 8-K filed on September 5, 2012 and incorporated herein by reference.   

(b)  
   
    Amendment No. 1 to the Fourth Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement, dated as of January 1, 2016 (filed
as Exhibit 3.1 to the current report on Form 8-K filed on January 6, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference).   

3.2  
   
    (a)  
   
    Certificate of Limited Partnership of the Partnership as filed in the office of the Secretary of State of the State
of New York (filed as Exhibit 3.(I) to the general form for registration of securities on Form 10 filed on May 1, 2003 and incorporated herein by reference).   

(b)  
   
   1 st  Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Limited Partnership
as filed in the office of the Secretary of State of the State of New York, dated April 3, 2001 (filed as Exhibit 3.(I) to the general form for registration of securities on Form 10 filed on May 1, 2003 and incorporated herein by
reference).   

(c)  
   
   2 nd  Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Limited Partnership
as filed in the office of the Secretary of State of the State of New York, dated May 21, 2003 (filed as Exhibit 3.2(b) to the quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed on November 16, 2009 and incorporated herein by reference).   

(d)  
   
   3 rd  Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Limited Partnership
as filed in the office of the Secretary of State of the State of New York, dated September 21, 2005 (filed as Exhibit 3.2(c) to the quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed on November 16, 2009 and incorporated herein by reference).   

(e)   
   
   4 th  Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Limited Partnership
as filed in the office of the Secretary of State of the State of New York, dated August 27, 2008 (filed as Exhibit 99.1 to the current report on Form 8-K filed on September 2, 2008 and incorporated herein by reference).   

(f)  
   
   5 th  Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Limited Partnership
as filed in the office of the Secretary of State of the State of New York, dated September 19, 2008 (filed as Exhibit 3.2(e) to the quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed on November 16, 2009 and incorporated herein by reference).   

(g)  
   
   6 th  Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Limited Partnership
as filed in the office of the Secretary of State of the State of New York, dated September 28, 2009 (filed as Exhibit 99.1(a) to the current report on Form 8-K filed on September 30, 2009 and incorporated herein by reference).   

(h)  
   
   1 st  Certificate of Change to the Certificate of Limited Partnership as
filed in the office of the Secretary of State of the State of New York, dated January 31, 2000 (filed as Exhibit 3.2(g) to the quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed on November 16, 2009 and incorporated herein by reference).   

(i)  
   
   7 th  Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Limited Partnership
as filed in the office of the Secretary of State of the State of New York, dated June 29, 2010 (filed as Exhibit 3.1(h) to the current report on Form 8-K filed on July 2, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference).   

(j)  
   
   8 th  Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Limited Partnership
as filed in the office of the Secretary of State of the State of New York, dated September 2, 2011 (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the current report on Form 8-K filed on September 7, 2011 and incorporated herein by reference).   

(k)  
   
   9 th  Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Limited Partnership
dated August 7, 2013 (filed as Exhibit 3.2 (j) to the quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed on August 14, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference).   
 
      43  

Table of Contents  

10.1  

Amended and Restated Management Agreement among the Partnership, the General Partner and Winton Capital Management Limited
(filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the current report on Form 8-K filed on July 9, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference).   

10.2  

Amended and Restated Advisory Agreement among Transtrend Master, the General Partner and Transtrend B.V. (filed as Exhibit
10.1 to the current report on Form 8-K filed on December 22, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference).   

10.3  
   
    (a)  
   
   Management Agreement among the Partnership, the General Partner and Willowbridge Advisors, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to
the quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed on August 13, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference).   

(b)  
   
   Letter extending the Management Agreement among the Partnership, the General Partner and Willowbridge Advisors, Inc. from
June 30, 2015 to June 30, 2016 (filed as Exhibit 10.4(b) to the annual report on Form 10-K filed on March 28, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference).   

10.4  
   
    (a)  
   
   Management Agreement among the Partnership, the General Partner and Systematica Investments Limited (filed as Exhibit 10.1
to the current report on Form 8-K filed on September 18, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference).   

(b)  
   
   Amendment to the Management Agreement among the Partnership, the General Partner and Systematica Investments Limited (filed
as Exhibit 10.4 to the current report on Form 8-K filed on July 27, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference).   

10.5  
   
    (a)  
   
   Amended and Restated Commodity Futures Customer Agreement between the Partnership and MS Co., effective March 1, 2014
(filed as Exhibit 10.7 to the annual report on Form 10-K filed on March 28, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference.   

(b)  
   
   U.S. Treasury Securities Purchase Authorization Agreement, between the Partnership and MS Co., effective June 1,
2015 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the current report on Form 8-K filed on November 4, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference).   

10.6  

Amended and Restated Alternative Investment Selling Agent Agreement between the Partnership, the General Partner and Morgan
Stanley Wealth Management, effective March 3, 2016 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the current report on Form 8-K filed on March 8, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference).   

10.7  

Form of Subscription Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.6 to the quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2012 and
incorporated herein by reference).   

10.8  
   
    (a)  
   
   Escrow Agreement among Ceres Managed Futures LLC, Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC and The Bank of New York (filed as
Exhibit 10.8(a) to the annual report on Form 10-K filed on March 27, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference).   

(b)  
   
   Amendment No. 5 to Escrow Agreement among Ceres Managed Futures LLC, Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC and The Bank of New
York (filed as Exhibit 10.8(b) to the annual report on Form 10-K filed on March 27, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference).   

10.9  

Amended and Restated Master Services Agreement, by and among the Partnership, the General Partner and SS C
Technologies, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the current report on Form 8-K filed on August 6, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference).   
 
      44  

Table of Contents  

  Exhibit 31.1   Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification (Certification of President and Director) (filed
herewith).    Exhibit 31.2   Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification (Certification of Chief Financial Officer and Director) (filed herewith).  
 Exhibit 32.1   Section 1350 Certification (Certification of President and Director) (filed herewith).  
 Exhibit 32.2   Section 1350 Certification (Certification of Chief Financial Officer and Director) (filed herewith).  
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document.    101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension
Schema Document.    101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document.  
 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document.    101.PRE
XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document.    101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Document.  
      45  

Table of Contents  

   SIGNATURES   
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.      

ORION FUTURES FUND L.P.    

By: 
   
    Ceres Managed Futures LLC    (General
Partner)   

By: 
   
    /s/ Patrick T. Egan   

Patrick T. Egan  

President and Director  

Date: November 10, 2016  

By: 
   
    /s/ Steven Ross   

Steven Ross  

Chief Financial Officer and Director 
  (Principal Accounting Officer)   

Date: November 10, 2016  
 
      46  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 d206795dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1   
  CERTIFICATIONS     I,
Patrick T. Egan, certify that:      

1. 
   I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Orion Futures Fund L.P.;     

2. 
   Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;     

3. 
   Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;     

4. 
   The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

(a) 
   Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is
being prepared;         

(b) 
   Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles;         

(c) 
   Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this
report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and     

(d) 
   Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and         

5. 
   The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):     

(a) 
   All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and     

(b) 
   Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in
the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.       Date: November 10, 2016  

/s/ Patrick T. Egan  

Patrick T. Egan  

Ceres Managed Futures LLC 
   President and Director  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 d206795dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2   
  CERTIFICATIONS     I, Steven
Ross, certify that:      

1. 
   I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Orion Futures Fund L.P.;     

2. 
   Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;     

3. 
   Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;     

4. 
   The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

(a) 
   Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is
being prepared;         

(b) 
   Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles;         

(c) 
   Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this
report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and     

(d) 
   Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and         

5. 
   The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):     

(a) 
   All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and     

(b) 
   Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in
the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.       Date: November 10, 2016  

/s/ Steven Ross  

Steven Ross  

Ceres Managed Futures LLC  

Chief Financial Officer and Director  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 d206795dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Orion Futures Fund L.P. (the  Partnership ) on Form 10-Q for the period
ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Patrick T. Egan, President and Director of Ceres Managed Futures LLC, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as
adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002, that:      

(1) 
   The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934; and         

(2) 
   The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and
results of operations of the Partnership.         

/s/ Patrick T. Egan   
 
   Patrick T. Egan   
 
   Ceres Managed Futures LLC 
 President and Director   

Date: November 10, 2016   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 d206795dex322.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32.2 

Exhibit 32.2   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Orion Futures Fund L.P. (the  Partnership ) on Form 10-Q for the period
ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Steven Ross, Chief Financial Officer and Director of Ceres Managed Futures LLC, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  
1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:      

(1) 
   The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934; and         

(2) 
   The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and
results of operations of the Partnership.         

/s/ Steven Ross   
 
   Steven Ross   
 
   Ceres Managed Futures LLC   
 
   Chief Financial Officer and Director   

Date: November 10, 2016   

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 offlp-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 offlp-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 offlp-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 offlp-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 offlp-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 offlp-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

