<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161115_10-Q_edgar_data_1361540_0001607062-16-001064_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3312609</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>81045</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>212811</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>992389</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1119917</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>836867</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>57</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001607062-16-001064.hdr.sgml : 20161115
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161115143916
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001607062-16-001064
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		72
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161115
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161115

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			GLOBALINK, LTD.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001361540
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-BUSINESS SERVICES, NEC [7389]
		IRS NUMBER:				061812762
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-133961
		FILM NUMBER:		161999246

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		365 BOUNDARY RD. AT HASTINGS STREET
		STREET 2:		HASTINGS PLAZA
		CITY:			VANCOUVER
		STATE:			A1
		ZIP:			V5K 4S1
		BUSINESS PHONE:		604-828-8822

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		365 BOUNDARY RD. AT HASTINGS STREET
		STREET 2:		HASTINGS PLAZA
		CITY:			VANCOUVER
		STATE:			A1
		ZIP:			V5K 4S1

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001607062-16-001064.txt : 20161115

10-Q
 1
 gobk93016form10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549  

FORM
10-Q  

Quarterly Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for Quarterly Period Ended September 30,
2016  

-OR-  

Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities And Exchange Act of 1934 for the transaction period
from _________ to________  

Commission
File Number     333-133961  

Globalink,
Ltd.   

  (Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

Nevada  
         
      06-1812762   
 
      (State
    or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)  
         
      (I.R.S.
    Employer Identification Number)   

365
                                         Boundary Road  
          Vancouver,
        BC   
         
      V5K
    4S1   
 
      (Address
    of principal executive offices)  
         
      (Zip
    Code)   

(604)
828-8822   

  (Registrant's
telephone number, including area code)  

Indicate
by check mark whether the issuer (1) filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes      No    

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (section 232.405 of this chapter) during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).   Yes
   No    

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerate filer, or a small reporting
company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act):  

Large
    accelerated filer     
         
      Non-accelerated
    filer      
 
      Accelerated
    filer     
         
      Smaller
    reporting company      

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes    No

The
number of outstanding shares of the registrant's common stock,   November
14, 2016: Common Stock  -  45,585,000  

As
used herein, the terms  Globalink ,  Company,   we,   our,   us, 
 it,  and  its  refer to Globalink, Ltd., a Nevada corporation and its wholly owned subsidiaries, unless
otherwise indicated.    

In
the opinion of management, the accompanying unaudited financial statements contain all adjustments necessary to present fairly
the Company s financial position as of September 30, 2016 and the results of its operations for the three and nine month
periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 and its cash flows for the nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  

The
quarterly financial statements are presented in accordance with the requirements of Form 10-Q and do not include all of the disclosures
required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.  For additional information, reference
is made to the Company s audited financial statements filed with Form 10-K for the years ended December 31, 2015.  The
results of operations for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are not necessarily indicative of
operating results for the full year.  

GLOBALINK,
INC.  

  FORM
10-Q  

  For
the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016  

  INDEX  

Page   
 
      PART 1 - FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item
    1.  Financial Statements (Unaudited)  
         
      3   
 
       Item
                                         2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
         
      25   
 
       Item
                                         3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk   
         
      33   
 
      Item
    4.  Controls and Procedures  
         
      33   

PART
    II   OTHER INFORMATION  

Item
    1.  Legal Proceedings  
         
      34   
 
      Item
    1A.  Risk Factors  
         
      34   
 
      Item
    2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
         
      34   
 
      Item
    3.  Defaults upon Senior Securities  
         
      34   
 
      Item
    4.  Mine Safety Disclosure  
         
      34   
 
      Item
    5.  Other Information  
         
      34   
 
      Item
    6.  Exhibits  
         
      34   

SIGNATURES  
         
      35   

GLOBALINK,
LTD.  

  Condensed
Consolidated Balance Sheets  

  (Expressed
in U.S. Dollars)  

  (Unaudited)  

The
notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated interim financial statements.  

GLOBALINK,
LTD.  

  Condensed
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss  

  (Expressed
in U.S. Dollars)  

  (Unaudited)  

The
notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated interim financial statements.  

GLOBALINK,
LTD.  

  Condensed
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity  

  (Expressed
in U.S. Dollars)  

  (Unaudited)

The
notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated interim financial statements.  

GLOBALINK,
LTD.  

  Condensed
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  

  (Expressed
in U.S. Dollars)  

  (Unaudited)  

  For
the nine months ended September 30,   

Supplemental
disclosure with respect to cash flows   (note 14)   

The
notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated interim financial statements.  

GLOBALINK
LTD.  

  Notes
to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  

  For
the three months ended September 30, 2016  

  (Expressed
in U.S. Dollars)  

  (Unaudited)  

1.   
NATURE OF OPERATIONS   

Globalink,
Ltd. (the  Company ) was incorporated in the State of Nevada on February 3, 2006.   

Before
September 2016, the Company focused its efforts on internet hotel booking services and had developed a proprietary online hotel
booking program for connecting users with available rooms in hotels across the world. In order to gain access to hotels, the Company
acquired OneWorld Hotel Destination Service Inc. ( OneWorld ) in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada on October 31,
2008. OneWorld is a hotel booking company which has established relationships with major hotel chains. Effective September 30,
2016, the Company sold its 100% interest in Oneworld back to its original owner (note 3).  

On
May 4, 2014, the Company entered into a joint venture agreement (the  Agreement ) with Shizhen Bio-Technology Co.,
Ltd. ( Shizhen Biotech ) in Jiangsu Province, China. On May 22, 2014, Globalink (Xuzhou) Bio-Technology Co., Ltd.
( Globalink Xuzhou ) was incorporated in Pizhou City, Jiangsu Province, China pursuant to the Agreement. Globalink
Xuzhou will have total registered capital of $10,000,000, $8,000,000 of which will be invested by the Company to earn an 80% interest,
with the remaining $2,000,000 being invested by Shizhen Biotech to earn the remaining 20%. Globalink Xuzhou will be involved in
the business of biological sciences and technology research, biological technology popularization services, and fruit and vegetable
distribution. Currently, Globalink Xuzhou will continue to focus on gingko cultivation and extraction. In August 2015, the Company
transferred $500,000 to Globalink Xuzhou to start developing a gingko plantation in Pizhou City, Jiangsu Province. The Company
transferred an additional $300,000 in October 2015. As at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company owns 100% of Globalink
Xuzhou.  

On
October 13, 2015, the Company incorporated a wholly-owned subsidiary, Globalink (Zhejiang) Bio-Technology Co. Ltd. ( Globalink
Zhejiang ) in Ningbo City, Jiangsu Province, China. Globalink Zhejiang will be involved in the research and development,
cultivation, extraction, and application of gingko trees and other economic plants. Globalink Xuzhou transferred RMB800,000 ($123,200)
to Globalink Zhejiang in October 2015 to start its operations.  

2.   
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES    

Statement
of presentation     

These
unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted
accounting principles ( US GAAP ) and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission,
including Form 10-Q. Certain information and footnote disclosures normally present in annual financial statements have been omitted
pursuant to such rules and regulations. The Company believes that the disclosures provided are adequate to make the information
presented not misleading. These unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited
financial statements and explanatory notes for the year ended December 31, 2015 as disclosed in the Company s  Form
10-K as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 4, 2016. Operating results for the nine month period ended
September 30, 2016 may not necessarily be indicative of the results for the year ending December 31, 2016.  

Continuance
of operation    

These
consolidated financial statements prepared in conformity with US GAAP contemplate continuation of the Company as a going concern.
As of September 30, 2016, the Company has an accumulated deficit of $1,404,541 since inception. Its ability to continue as a going
concern is dependent upon it ability to attain profitable operations, and to continue to raise funds or obtain borrowing from
third parties sufficient to meet current and future obligations.  Due to the seasonal nature of agricultural businesses,
the revenue from sales of gingko leaves will be concentrated in last quarter instead of spreading evenly across a year. Management
believes that the Company will have sufficient working capital to meet its projected minimum financial obligations for the next
fiscal year. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the
recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classification of liabilities that may result from the possible
inability of the Company to continue as a going concern.  

Consolidation    

The
consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries. Subsidiaries
are the entities controlled by the Company. All inter-company transactions and balances between the Company and its subsidiaries
have been eliminated upon consolidation.  

The
subsidiaries are consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the Company and will cease to be consolidated from
the date on which control is transferred out of the Company.  

Details
of the Company s subsidiaries and former subsidiaries are as follows:  

Name         
      Date
    of incorporation or acquisition       
                      Location         
                      Ownership         
               Principal
                                         activities     
 
      OneWorld
    Hotel Destination Service Inc. ( OneWorld )       
      October
    31, 2008       
      Vancouver,
    Canada       
           100    %       
      Hotel
    booking   
 
      Globalink
    (Xuzhou) Bio-Technology Co., Ltd. ( Globalink Xuzhou )       
      May
    22, 2014       
      Pizhou
    City, Jiangsu Province, China       
           100    %       
      Gingko
    cultivation   
 
      Globalink
    (Zhejiang) Bio-Technology Co. Ltd. ( Globalink Zhejiang )       
      October
    13, 2015       
      Ningbo
    City, Jiangsu Province, China       
           100    %       
      Bio-technology
    research and development   

Use
of estimates     

The
preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with US GAAP requires management to make judgements, estimates
and assumptions that affect the application of accounting policies and the reported amount of assets, liabilities and provisions,
income and expenses and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of these financial statements.  Estimates
are used for, but not limited to, the selection of the useful lives of fixed assets, allowance for doubtful debt associated with
accounts receivable, fair values, revenue recognition, and taxes. Management believes that the estimates utilized in preparing
its consolidated financial statements are reasonable and prudent. Actual results may differ from these estimates.    

Foreign
currency translation    

Functional
and presentation currency    

Items
included in the financial statements of each of the Company s subsidiaries are measured using the currency of the primary
economic environment in which the subsidiary operates ( the functional currency ), which is the Chinese Renminbi ( RMB )
for Globalink Xuzhou and Globalink Zhejiang, and the Canadian dollar ( CAD ) for the Company s former subsidiary,
Oneworld. The consolidated financial statements are presented in United States dollar ( USD ), which is the functional
currency of the parent company. The subsidiaries  financial statements are prepared in its respective functional currencies
before translating to the presentation currency which is the USD. The Company translates items in the statement of operations
and comprehensive loss using the average exchange rate for the year. Assets and liabilities are translated at the year-end rate.
All resulting exchange differences are reported as a separate component of other comprehensive income (loss).  

Transactions
and balances    

Foreign
currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates prevailing at the dates of the transactions
or valuations where items are re-measured. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from settlement of such transactions and
from the translation at period end exchange rates of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are recognized
in profit or loss as a  foreign exchange (gain) loss .  

Growing
crops     

Gingko
trees are valued at historical cost, which include all cultivation costs incurred for planting, growing and maintaining the gingko
trees during a year other than the harvest season that lasts about 2 months. The cultivation costs include costs of land lease,
equipment lease, equipment amortization, labour, consulting, fertilizer, materials and supplies, and other direct growing costs.  

At
the end of each reporting period, the Company reviews the carrying amounts of the growing crops to determine whether there is
any indication that those assets have suffered an impairment loss. If any such indication exists, the recoverable amount of the
asset is estimated in order to determine the extent of the impairment loss (if any). A reliable market price is usually available
for mature gingko trees in China.  Under certain circumstances, when a reliable market price is not available, the fair value
of the growing crops is measured using the discounted expected future cash flow method. Under this method, expected future revenues
less costs to complete and harvest is discounted to present value.   

The
growing crops will be amortized using the straight-line method over an estimated useful life of 5 years. The Company intends to
sell all of the gingko trees after 5 years and replant seedlings in order to optimize the effective ingredients in leaves harvested
from younger trees.  

Inventories

Inventories
are valued at the lower of cost (determined on a weighted average basis) and market value. Inventories as of September 30, 2016
consist of supplies and fertilizers. Inventories as of December 31, 2015 mainly consisted of gingko seeds which were planted in
March 2016. The Company reviews its inventories regularly for possible obsolete goods and establishes reserves when determined
necessary.  

Accounts
receivable    

Trade
receivables are carried at original invoice amount. Accounts receivable are written off to bad debt expense using the direct write-off
method. Receivables past due for more than 120 days are considered delinquent. Management determines uncollectible accounts by
regularly evaluating individual customer receivables and considering a customer s financial condition, credit history, and
current economic conditions and by using historical experience applied to an aging of accounts. Recoveries of trade receivables
previously written off are recorded when received.  

Fixed
assets    

Fixed
assets are recorded at cost less accumulated amortization. Amortization of fixed assets is calculated using the straight-line
method over the estimated useful lives of the assets as follows:  

Computer equipment  
      3
    years   
 
      Lab equipment  
      3
    years   
 
      Office furniture and fixtures  
      5
    years   
 
      Storage  
      5
    years   
 
      Agricultural machinery  
      4
    years   
 
      Infrastructure  
      10
    years   

Fair
value     

The
Company measures fair value in accordance with accounting guidance that defines fair value, provides guidance for measuring fair
value and requires certain disclosures. The guidance also discusses valuation techniques, such as the market approach (comparable
market prices), the income approach (present value of future income or cash flow) and the cost approach (cost to replace the service
capacity of an asset or replacement cost). The guidance establishes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation
techniques used to measure fair value into three broad levels. The following is a brief description of those three levels:  

-   
Level 1: Observable inputs such as quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets that are accessible at the measurement date for
identical, unrestricted assets or liabilities.  

  -   
Level 2: Inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly. These
include quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets and quoted prices for identical or similar assets or
liabilities in markets that are not active.  

  -   
Level 3: Unobservable inputs that reflect the reporting entity s own assumptions.  

The
inputs used in the fair value measurement should be from the highest level available. In instances where the measurement is based
on inputs from different levels of the fair value hierarchy, the fair value measurement will fall within the lowest level input
that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety.  

As
at September 30, 2016, the Company s financial instruments are comprised of cash, accounts receivable, accounts payable
and accrued liabilities, amounts due to related parties, loan payable to related party and other current liabilities. Cash is
measured at fair value using Level 1 inputs. With the exception of cash, all financial instruments held by the Company are measured
at amortized cost. The fair values of these financial instruments approximate their carrying value due to their short-term maturities.  

Goodwill

The
Company recognizes goodwill in accordance with ASC 805  Business Combinations . Goodwill represents the excess of
the purchase price over the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, if any. The goodwill impairment test compares
the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount, including goodwill. If the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds
its fair value, goodwill of the reporting unit would be considered impaired. To measure the amount of the impairment loss, the
implied fair value of a reporting unit's goodwill is compared to the carrying amount of that goodwill. If the carrying amount
of a reporting unit's goodwill exceeds the implied fair value of that goodwill, an impairment loss is indicated. The Company derecognized
the goodwill at the disposal of Oneworld as of September 30, 2016.  

Impairment
reviews for long-lived assets     

Long-lived
assets such as property, equipment and goodwill are reviewed for impairment whenever facts and circumstances indicate that the
carrying value may not be recoverable. When required impairment losses on assets to be held and used are recognized based on the
fair value of the asset. The fair value is determined based on estimates of future cash flows, market value of similar assets,
if available, or independent appraisals, if required. If the carrying amount of the long-lived asset is not recoverable from its
undiscounted cash flows, an impairment loss is recognized for the difference between the carrying amount and fair value of the
asset.  When fair values are not available, the Company estimates fair value using the expected future cash flows discounted
at a rate commensurate with the risk associated with the recovery of the assets.  The Company did not recognize any impairment
losses for any periods presented.  

Revenue
recognition     

Oneworld
recognizes revenue from its hotel booking services once the service is rendered and all the significant risks and rewards of the
service have been transferred to the customer. As a result, revenue from hotel booking services are recognized when customers
check in to the hotels. Amounts received from customers for services not yet rendered are included in other current liabilities
as unearned revenue.  

In
accordance with the ASC 605  Revenue Recognition , Oneworld reports its revenue as an agent, on the net amount retained,
which is the amount billed to a customer less the amount paid to a hotel.  

Research
and development    

Research
and development costs are expensed as incurred. The costs primarily consist of consulting fees paid to the technical team for
development and improvement of gingko cultivation methods. Research and development costs for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015 were $31,420 and $Nil, respectively, and are included in general and administrative expenses.  

Income
taxes    

The
Company accounts for income taxes following the asset and liability method in accordance with ASC 740  Income Taxes. 
Under such method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences
between the consolidated financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases.
The Company applies the accounting guidance issued to address the accounting for uncertain tax positions. This guidance clarifies
the accounting for income taxes, by prescribing a minimum recognition threshold that a tax position is required to meet before
being recognized in the financial statements as well as provides guidance on derecognition, measurement, classification, interest
and penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosure and transition. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using
enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years that the asset is expected to be recovered or the liability
settled.  

Earnings
(loss) per common share    

Basic
earnings (loss) per common share is determined by dividing earnings (loss) by the weighted average number of shares of common
stock outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings (loss) per common share is determined by dividing earnings (loss) by the
diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding. Diluted weighted average number of shares reflects the dilutive equity
instruments, if any, of potentially dilutive common shares, such as stock options and warrants calculated using the treasury stock
method. In periods with reported net operating losses, all common stock options and warrants are deemed anti-dilutive such that
basic net loss per share and diluted net loss per share are equal. The 6,000,000 stock options outstanding as of September 30,
2016 were excluded from the calculation of diluted loss per common share for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016.  

Stock-based
compensation    

The
Company accounts for stock compensation with employees in accordance with ASC 718  Compensation   Stock Compensation ,
which recognizes awards at fair value on the date of grant and recognition of compensation over the service period for awards
expected to vest.  The fair value of stock options is determined using the Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model.   

The
Company accounts for stock compensation arrangements with non-employees in accordance with ASC 505-50  Stock-Based Transactions
with Nonemployees  , which requires that such equity instruments are recorded at their fair value on the measurement
date. The measurement of share-based compensation is subject to periodic adjustment as the underlying instruments vest. The fair
value of stock options is estimated using the Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model and the compensation charges are amortized over
the vesting period.  

Segment
reporting    

ASC
280  Segment Reporting  requires use of the  management approach  model for segment reporting. The management
approach model is based on the way a company s management organizes segments within the company for making operating decisions
and assessing performance. Reportable segments are based on products and services, geography, legal structure, management structure,
or any other manner in which management disaggregates a company.  

As
of September 30, 2016, the Company is organized into two main business segments: gingko plantation cultivation and bio-technology
research and development.  

Recent
accounting pronouncements     

In
May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued a comprehensive new revenue recognition standard
for contracts with customers that will supersede most current revenue recognition guidance, including industry-specific guidance.
The core principle of this standard is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services
to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods
or services. To achieve this core principle, the standard provides a five-step analysis of transactions to determine when and
how revenue is recognized. Other major provisions include the capitalization and amortization of certain contract costs, ensuring
the time value of money is considered in the transaction price, and allowing estimates of variable consideration to be recognized
before contingencies are resolved in certain circumstances. This guidance also requires enhanced disclosures regarding the nature,
amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from an entity s contracts with customers. The new standard
is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2016. Early adoption is prohibited.
The standard permits the use of either the retrospective or cumulative effect transition method. This guidance will be applicable
to the Company at the beginning of its first quarter of fiscal year 2017. The adoption of this guidance is not expected to have
a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements.  

In
August 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2014-15, Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability
to Continue as a Going Concern, which provides guidance on determining when and how reporting entities must disclose going-concern
uncertainties in their financial statements. The new standard requires management to perform interim and annual assessment of
an entity s ability to continue as a going concern within one year of the date of issuance of the entity s financial
statements (or within one year after the date on which the financial statements are available to be issued, when applicable).
Further, an entity must provide certain disclosures if there is substantial doubt about the entity s ability to continue
as a going concern. The requirement is effective for annual periods ending after December 15, 2016, and interim periods thereafter.
Early adoption is permitted. The adoption of this guidance is not expected to have a material impact on the Company s consolidated
financial statements.  

3.   
DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS   

Oneworld,
a former subsidiary of the Company carrying on the business of internet hotel booking services, was experiencing declining revenue.
 In September 2016, the board of directors of the Company determined that the costs and expenses required to rebuild OneWorld s
online booking platform and undertake the marketing efforts it believed were necessary to increase revenue did not warrant the
investment. As a result, the Company decided to dispose of this section of business and focus on its gingko plantation business
in China.  

The
Company entered into an agreement (the  Agreement ) with Vincent Au, the former owner of Oneworld, to sell 100% of
Oneworld back to him for a consideration of $16,700 (C$22,000). The sale was effective as of September 30, 2016 (the  Effective
Date ). Pursuant to the Agreement, all revenues generated from the operations of OneWorld, whether prior to or after the
Effective Date will be retained by OneWorld, and all liabilities and obligations of OneWorld incurred prior to the Effective Date
are the responsibility of OneWorld.  

ASC
360-10-45-9 requires that a long-lived asset (disposal group) to be sold shall be classified as held for sale in the period in
which a set of criteria have been met, including criteria that the sale of the asset (disposal group) is probable and actions
required to complete the plan indicate that it is unlikely that significant changes to the plan will be made or that the plan
will be withdrawn. This criteria was achieved on September 30, 2016. Additionally, the discontinued operations are comprised of
the entirety of the hotel booking service segment. Lastly, for comparability purposes certain prior period line items relating
to the assets held for sale have been reclassified and presented as discontinued operations for all periods presented in the accompanying
consolidated statements of net loss and comprehensive operations and the consolidated balance sheets.  

At
the date of disposal, the Company recognized a loss on disposal of Oneworld as follows:  

Below
are the major assets and liabilities included as part of the discontinued operations on the consolidated balance sheets:  

The
major classes of line items constituting the after-tax income from discontinued operations on the consolidated statements of operations
and comprehensive loss for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are as folllows:  

The
following information presents the major classes of line items constituting significant operating cash flow activities on the
consolidated statements of cash flows relating to discontinued operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:  

There
were no investing or financing activities associated with discontinued operations during the nine month periods ended September
30, 2016 and 2015.  

4.   
CASH    

Cash
of $24,847 (December 31, 2015 - $442,542) is held in China and is subject to local exchange control regulations. Chinese exchange
control regulations provide for restrictions on exporting capital from China, other than through normal dividends.  

5.
    OTHER CURRENT ASSETS    

The
items comprising the Company s other current assets are summarized below:  

6.
    INVENTORIES    

The
items comprising the Company s inventories are summarized below:  

7.
    FIXED ASSETS   

The
items comprising the Company s fixed assets are summarized below:  

During
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, amortization expense of $10,770 (2015 - $Nil) was recognized and capitalized as costs
associated with the Company s growing crops and $2,188 (2015 - $Nil) was recorded in the statement of operations and comprehensive
loss.  

8.
    CONSTRUCTION IN PROGRESS   

Construction
in progress consists of direct costs of infrastructure construction at the Company s gingko plantation including roads,
fencing, security, electricity and an irrigation system. Capitalization of these costs will cease and the construction in progress
will be transferred to fixed assets when all the activities necessary to prepare the assets for their intended use are substantially
completed. No amortization will be recorded until construction is completed and the facilities are put into use.  

9.
    GROWING CROPS   

Growing
crops consist of direct cultivation costs incurred for planting, growing and maintaining the gingko trees.  

10.
    ACCOUNTS PAYABLE AND ACCRUED LIABILITIES    

As
of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, accounts payable and accrued liabilities consist of payables to service suppliers.  

11.
    TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES   

During
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company paid or accrued management fees of $27,000 (2015 - $27,000) to a company
controlled by a director and Corporate Secretary. As of September 30, 2016, $12,000 of accrued management fees was owing to the
company.  

During
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company paid or accrued management fees of $18,000 (2015 - $18,000) to a company
controlled by a director and Chief Financial Officer. As of September 30, 2016, $8,000 of accrued management fees and $10,030
in expenses was owing to the company.   

In
January 2016, the Chief Executive Officer of the Company loaned an amount of $210,000 to Globalink Xuzhou. The loan is non-interest
bearing, unsecured, and has no fixed terms of repayment.  

In
August 2016, a director of the Company loaned an amount of $75,000 to Globalink Xuzhou. The loan is non-interest bearing, unsecured,
and has no fixed terms of repayment.  

On
September 16, 2015, 5,250,000 stock options were granted to directors and officers with a total fair value of $260,439 at the
date of grant, $101,065 of which was amortized and recorded in the statement of loss and comprehensive loss during the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 (2015 - $31,291).  

12.
    SHAREHOLDERS  EQUITY   

Share
capital    

Authorized   

-
500,000,000 common voting shares with a par value of $0.0002 per share.  

Issued
and outstanding   

As
of September 30, 2016, the Company has 45,585,000 shares (December 31, 2015   43,585,000) issued and outstanding.  

During
the nine months ended September 30, 2016:  

In
February 2016, the Company issued 2,000,000 common shares (valued at $80,000) pursuant to an investor relations contract with
a defined term to December 31, 2016.   

During
the year ended December 31, 2015:  

In
September 2015, the Company issued 1,100,000 common shares to an arm s length party for total proceeds of $110,000 ($0.10
per share).  

Proposed
financing   

On
May 12, 2016, the Company filed a Form S-1 with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ), pursuant to which
the Company intends to offer a maximum of 20,000,000 common shares at a price of $0.25 per share for a maximum gross proceeds
of $5,000,000 on a best efforts basis.   

Stock
options     

The
Company adopted a Stock Awards Plan under which it is authorized to grant options to directors, employees and consultants, to
acquire up to 6,000,000 common shares.  The exercise price of each option is based on the market price of the Company's stock
for a period preceding the date of grant.  The options can be granted for a maximum term of 5 years and the vesting terms
of the options are determined by the board of directors at the time of grant.  

On
September 16, 2015, 6,000,000 stock options were granted to directors, officers and consultants with an exercise price of $0.075
expiring on September 16, 2020, 10% of the options vest as of the grant date, with the remaining 90% vesting at a rate of 15%
every six months thereafter. The Company uses the Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model to determine the fair value of options granted.
The fair value of the stock options granted was $297,645 ($0.0496 per option), of which $115,504 (2015 - $35,761) was amortized
and recorded and expensed during the nine months ended September 30, 2016.  

The
fair value of the stock options granted was determined using the following assumptions:  

Stock
option transactions are summarized as follows:  

As
at September 30, 2016, the following incentive stock options are outstanding:  

13.
    COMMITMENT   

Research
and development agreement   

The
Company entered into a Technology Development Service Agreement (the  Technology Agreement ) in January 2016 with
Zhejiang Pharmaceutical College (the  College ) with a term of 3 years. Pursuant to the Technology Agreement, the
College will conduct research and development on induction of callus of gingko leaves and extraction, and identification of flavone
and  lactone therefrom on the Company s behalf. As consideration, the Company paid the College an annual research fee
of RMB100,000 ($15,400) (RMB100,000 paid in March 2016) and monthly consulting fees to professors and staff. As at September 30,
2016, a total of RMB25,000 ($3,750) was included as a prepayment in other current assets.  

Farmland
lease agreements   

The
Company leased approximately 100 acres of farmland in Pizhou City, Jiangsu Province, China from local individual farmers for a
period from October 2015 to August 2027. The lease fees may be renegotiated.  

14.
    SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE WITH RESPECT TO CASH FLOWS   

During
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company had the following non-cash transactions:  

a)
transferred $119,989 of completed work from construction in progress to fixed assets;  

  b)
included $32,715 of accounts payable and accrued liabilities in construction in progress;  

  c)
transferred $24,857 of gingko seeds from inventories to growing crops after completing seeding in the nine months ended September
30, 2016;  

  d)
included $10,770 of amortization of agricultural machinery into growing crops;  

  e)
issued 2,000,000 common shares (valued at $80,000) pursuant to an investor relations contract.  

There
were no significant non-cash transaction during the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  

15.
    SEGMENTED INFORMATION   

The
Company formerly operated in one business segment: hotel booking services. Accordingly, the Company did not have separately reportable
segments in previous periods. In September 2015, the Company started to develop a gingko plantation cultivation business in China.
In October 2015, the Company incorporated Globalink Zhejiang, whose business is to research and develop technologies in relation
to gingko trees and other economic plants.  

Effective
September 30, 2016, the Company disposed of Oneworld, the subsidiary providing hotel booking services (note 3).  

As
of September 30, 2016, management of the Company has determined that the Company is organized into two main business segments:
gingko plantation cultivation and bio-technology research and development.  

The
table below provides information regarding the Company s identified segments for the nine months ended September 30, 2016:  

Item
2.  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  

Introduction   

The
following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and accompanying
notes thereto, for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 included elsewhere herein.  

This
Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations contains forward-looking statements.
See  Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements  and  Risk Factors  for a discussion of the uncertainties,
risks and assumptions associated with these statements. Actual results may differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking
statements.  

Our
financial statements are prepared in U.S. Dollars and in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States. See  Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates   Foreign currency translation  below for information
concerning the exchanges rates at which Renminbi were translated into U.S. Dollars at various pertinent dates and for pertinent
periods.  

Business
Overview   

Globalink,
Ltd. conducts business through its two wholly owned subsidiaries Globalink (Xuzhou) Bio-Technology Co., Ltd. ( Globalink
Xuzhou ) and Globalink (Zhejiang) Bio-Technology Co. Ltd. ( Globalink Zhejiang  and, together with Globalink
Xuzhou, our  PRC Subsidiaries ), which are incorporated in the PRC. Our business is involved in agriculture, which
includes (i) the development and operation of a ginkgo tree plantation in the PRC, the business of which is the cultivation and
sale of dried ginkgo leaves to manufacturers of ginkgo extract, the principal ingredient of ginkgo-based herbal supplement products
that have gained popularity around the world, and (ii) research and development, cultivation, extraction, and application of gingko
trees and other economic plants.  

We
are developing a ginkgo tree plantation ( Plantation ) through our Globalink Xuzhou subsidiary that will comprise
approximately 1,553 acres over the next five years. As of September 30, 2016, our Plantation had 100 acres of land under cultivation
that it leased from local farmers pursuant to land leases that extend through 2027. Since we proposed the project in 2015, we
have developed a comprehensive business plan that projects approximate costs, output and revenues over the next five years. As
of the date of this Form 10-Q, we have invested a total of $800,000 in Globalink Xuzhou, comprising $500,000 invested in August
2015, and $300,000 invested in October 2015. During January 2016, Hin Kwok Sheung, our principal stockholder and the president
and chief executive officer and a director of the Company, loaned the sum of $225,000 (RMB1,500,000) to Globalink Xuzhou, of which
$15,000 (RMB100,000) was repaid to him in June 2016. In August 2016, Jia Yao, a director of the Company loaned the sum of $75,000
(RMB500,000) to Globalink Xuzhou. Those loans bear no interest and has no fixed term of repayment.  

During
the winter of 2015, we began purchasing equipment and other materials required to commence agricultural operations. We are planting
our first crop of seeds this spring and, assuming typical growing conditions, we expect to harvest approximately 60 tons of dried
ginkgo leaves for sale during the fall of 2016. Our Plantation brings modern scientific and technical practices to China s
archaic agricultural industry and we expect to become one of the largest independent producers of ginkgo leaves in the PRC.  

We
expect to sell our output of ginkgo leaves to ginkgo extract manufacturers that will use the finished product in a variety of
health and herbal supplement products. Initially, we expect to sell our entire output in China and eventually expand our marketing
efforts to Europe and North America. Sales are recorded on a per kilo or per ton of dried leaf basis. In addition, as our trees
reach six years of age and the content of the active beneficial ingredients in the ginkgo leaves declines, rendering the leaves
of no value to extract manufacturers, we will seek to sell trees to local consumers who use them for ornamental or landscaping
purposes. To the extent we are able to sell trees, the price typically is based upon the circumference of the trunk.  

As
of the date of this Form 10-Q, we own all of the outstanding capital of Globalink Xuzhou, our PRC subsidiary that is developing
our Plantation, equal to RMB 5,099,000 ($800,000) of Globalink Xuzhou s total registered capital of RMB 60 million. Globalink
Xuzhou was organized pursuant to a joint venture agreement (the  JV Agreement ) with Shizhen Bio-Technology Co., Ltd.
( Shizhen Biotech ) which provides, among other things, that we have the right to own 80% of Globalink Xuzhou s
registered capital for a total investment of RMB 48 million ($8 million) and Shizhen Biotech has the right to own 20% of Globalink
Xuzhou s registered capital for a total investment of RMB 12 million ($2 million). As of the date of this Form 10-Q, Shizhen
Biotech has not invested any funds into Globalink Xuzhou and does not own any of that company s registered capital. To the
extent that Shizhen Biotech makes its investment in Globalink Xuzhou, our percentage of the profits of that company will be reduced
by a corresponding amount up to 20%.  

Globalink
Zhejiang engages in research and development, cultivation, extraction, and application of gingko trees and other economic plants.
In January 2016, Globalink Zhejiang entered into a Technology Development Service Agreement with Zhejiang Pharmaceutical College,
or the College, under which the College has agreed to perform research with respect to accelerating the development of the active
ingredients within the ginkgo tree and optimizing the processes of extracting flavone and lactone in order to enhance yield. We
expect to receive a summary of the research project by the end of 2016, which may lead to a conclusion as to whether we can apply
the technology to commercial production of gingko trees in a controlled laboratory environment.  

We
currently derive all of our revenues from our online hotel booking business; however, we expect that over the next three years,
sales of ginkgo leaves by our Plantation operations will become our principal source of revenue. For the foreseeable future, we
expect to reinvest any net profits into the development of our Plantation.  

Effective
September 30, 2016, we sold all of the outstanding common shares of OneWorld Hotel Destination Services, Inc. to Vincent Au, a
former employee of the Company and the founder of OneWorld in 1999.  OneWorld provides hotel booking to travel agents in
Canada.  

Growth
Strategies and Outlook   

The
business plan we have prepared for our Plantation contemplates that we will have over 1,500 acres under cultivation over the next
five years. After the first year, we expect to increase our land under cultivation by leasing additional lands from individual
farmers on terms that we believe will be comparable to those currently in place. In our second, third, fourth and fifth years
of operations, we expect to have approximately 600 acres, 750 acres, and 800 acres, respectively, of land under cultivation and
that by the fifth year of operations we could be producing up to 5,500 metric tons of dried ginkgo leaves that conform to GAP
standards and that contain the optimum levels of the active ingredients. We believe that from a cost and operations perspective,
as we add lands and the labor, equipment, management, utilities and other input required to produce the output of leaves we project,
our project scales up proportionately. We expect to harvest ginkgo leaves at the end of our first season, the fall of 2016, and
that output production will increase in each of our first five years as we add additional lands under cultivation and our trees
continue to grow to maturity. We currently are marketing our anticipated product to ginkgo extract manufacturers and expect to
have the entire output pre-sold prior to the harvest. As of the fall of 2015, high quality dried ginkgo leaves were being sold
to pharmaceutical companies at prices ranging from RMB 18   RMB 22 ($3.00 - $3.60) per kilogram. We believe that we have
an experienced and deep team to execute our business plan, however, agricultural operations are subject to significant risks beyond
our control. Moreover, our Plantation will be subject to all of the risks of doing business in the PRC.  

We
believe that ginkgo cultivation represents a favorable opportunity for our Company both because (i) ginkgo is a key ingredient
in TCM and is widely used in the PRC, (ii) the ginkgo growing industry is fragmented among large number of small producers who
continue to utilize archaic farming techniques and a small number of agribusinesses that are subsidiaries of or otherwise connected
with ginkgo extract manufacturers and (iii) ginkgo and other TCM ingredients enjoy increasing usage among consumers worldwide
and are currently accepted under U.S. and EU regulations with only minimal government intervention.  

TCM
is widely practiced among PRC residents and is considered to be an integral part of the health care system. Ginkgo is a fundamental
ingredient in TCM which posits that ginkgo is imbued with healing qualities and is prescribed by TCM practitioners to address
a wide range of ailments. China s National Bureau of Statistics estimates that the TCM market in China totaled more than
RMB 515 billion in 2012, accounting for 31.24% of China s total medicine industry. We believe that ginkgo will continue
to be a staple of TCM and that there will be an active market for our output.  

In
China, TCM products are regulated by the China FDA and typically are produced by pharmaceutical companies. In many instances,
these companies grow the preponderance of the raw materials, such as ginkgo, that they use in their products at company-operated
farms. Those PRC companies that do not control their own production, as well as international manufacturers of herbal supplements
and other related products, must purchase TCM raw materials from independent farmers. Our internal investigation and research
demonstrates that ginkgo continues to be grown by a diverse group of small farmers that rely on antiquated agricultural practices.
Our Plantation will incorporate modern GAP practices to maximize output and ensure the highest content of the active ingredients
in our leaves. Leaves will be packaged in parcels to which we will affix pertinent information, such as the growth records of
the specific product and the flavone and lactone content of the leaves, as a means of exhibiting our transparency and to assure
customers that our product meets their quality specifications. We believe these features will distinguish us from other independent
growers of ginkgo and attract domestic and international customers.  

China s
National Bureau of Statistics estimates that the worldwide TCM market is increasing by between 10% to 20% each year. Over the
last several decades, the usage of ginkgo-based products have proliferated across Europe and North America where ginkgo is becoming
widely accepted as an herbal remedy for a variety of health conditions, principally memory loss and dementia. Sales of ginkgo-based
products are difficult to estimate but in 2012 worldwide sales were believed to be worth approximately $500 million. In Europe
and the United States, products incorporating ginkgo are among the five top-selling herbal supplements. In 2002, ginkgo was the
number one selling herbal supplement in the United States. We believe that the market for TCM products will continue to grow as
Western consumers, particularly an aging population, look for products that they believe to be safe and inexpensive alternatives
to modern pharmaceutical preparations, as a treatment to mitigate the effects of cognitive decline, such as dementia, which is
one of the principal uses for ginkgo.  

Government
regulation of ginkgo-based products in North America and the EU has been relatively benign. In the U.S. gingko is regulated as
a category of food known as  dietary supplements  under the Dietary Supplement Health and Education Act of 1994 and
not as a drug. Ginkgo and other herbal supplements may be sold in the U.S. without regulation, provided that manufacturers do
not make health claims on the labels or in advertising. Moreover, there are no regulations specific to the manufacturing of individual
dietary supplements, though there are general safety rules on manufacturing, packaging, labeling, and storage. In the EU,  traditional
herbal medicinal products  which meet certain criteria, including ginkgo-based products, may be manufactured and sold within
European Union, or EU, member states without authorization or registration. In view of these conditions, we believe that Western
markets represent a receptive and growing market for our product.  

We
believe that we have developed a business plan that presents a reasonable and rational path to success and that our current management
possesses the skills and experience to achieve all of the goals we have set over the next five years and beyond.  

Critical
Accounting Policies and Use of Estimates   

Accounting
policies are an integral part of our financial statements. A thorough understanding of these accounting policies is essential
when reviewing our reported results of operations and our financial position. Management believes that the critical accounting
policies and estimates discussed below involve the most difficult management judgments, due to the sensitivity of the methods
and assumptions used. Our significant accounting policies are described in Note 2 to our condensed consolidated financial statements
included elsewhere in this report.  

While
our significant accounting policies are fully described in Note 2, we believe the following accounting policies and estimates
are the most critical to aid you in fully understanding and evaluating this management s discussion and analysis. Some of
them involve significant judgments and uncertainties and could potentially result in materially different results under different
assumptions and conditions.  

Use
of Estimates   

The
preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States,
or GAAP, requires management to make judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the application of accounting policies and
the reported amount of assets, liabilities and provisions, income and expenses and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of these financial statements. Estimates are used for, but not limited to, the selection of the useful lives of fixed
assets, allowance for doubtful debt associated with accounts receivable, fair values, revenue recognition, and taxes. Management
believes that the estimates utilized in preparing its consolidated financial statements are reasonable and prudent. Actual results
may differ from these estimates.  

Growing
crops   

Gingko
trees are valued at historical cost, which include all cultivation costs incurred for planting, growing and maintaining the gingko
trees during a year other than the harvest season that lasts about two months. The cultivation costs include costs of land lease,
equipment lease, equipment amortization, labor, consulting, fertilizer, materials and supplies, and other direct growing costs.  

At
the end of each reporting period, the Company reviews the carrying amounts of the growing crops to determine whether there is
any indication that those assets have suffered an impairment loss. If any such indication exists, the recoverable amount of the
asset is estimated in order to determine the extent of the impairment loss (if any). A reliable market price is usually available
for mature gingko trees in China. Under certain circumstances, when a reliable market price is not available, the fair value of
the growing crops is measured using the discounted expected future cash flow method. Under this method, expected future revenues
less costs to complete and harvest is discounted to present value.  

The
growing crops will be amortized using the straight-line method over an estimated useful life of 5 years. The Company intends to
sell all of the gingko trees after 5 years and replant seedlings in order to optimize the effective ingredients in leaves harvested
from younger trees.  

Inventories   

Inventories
are valued at the lower of cost (determined on a weighted average basis) and market value. Inventories as of September 30, 2016
consist of supplies and fertilizers. Inventories as of December 31, 2015 mainly consisted of gingko seeds which were planted in
March 2016. The Company reviews its inventories regularly for possible obsolete goods and establishes reserves when determined
necessary.   

Stock-based
compensation   

The
Company accounts for stock compensation with employees in accordance with ASC 718  Compensation   Stock Compensation ,
which recognizes awards at fair value on the date of grant and recognition of compensation over the service period for awards
expected to vest. The fair value of stock options is determined using the Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model.  

The
Company accounts for stock compensation arrangements with non-employees in accordance with ASC 505-50  Stock-Based Transactions
with Nonemployees , which requires that such equity instruments are recorded at their fair value on the measurement date.
The measurement of share-based compensation is subject to periodic adjustment as the underlying instruments vest. The fair value
of stock options is estimated using the Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model and the compensation charges are amortized over the
vesting period.  

Foreign
currency translation   

Functional
and presentation currency   

Items
included in the financial statements of each of the Company s subsidiaries are measured using the currency of the primary
economic environment in which the subsidiary operates ( the functional currency ), which is the Chinese Renminbi ( RMB )
for Globalink Xuzhou and Globalink Zhejiang, and the Canadian dollar ( CAD ) for the Company s former subsidiary,
Oneworld. The consolidated financial statements are presented in United States dollar ( USD ), which is the functional
currency of the parent company. The subsidiaries  financial statements are prepared in its respective functional currencies
before translating to the presentation currency which is the USD. The Company translates items in the statement of operations
and comprehensive loss using the average exchange rate for the year. Assets and liabilities are translated at the year-end rate.
All resulting exchange differences are reported as a separate component of other comprehensive income (loss).   

Transactions
and balances    

Foreign
currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates prevailing at the dates of the transactions
or valuations where items are re-measured. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from settlement of such transactions and
from the translation at period end exchange rates of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are recognized
in profit or loss as a  foreign exchange (gain) loss .  

Impairment
reviews for long-lived assets   

Long-lived
assets such as property, equipment and goodwill are reviewed for impairment whenever facts and circumstances indicate that the
carrying value may not be recoverable. When required impairment losses on assets to be held and used are recognized based on the
fair value of the asset. The fair value is determined based on estimates of future cash flows, market value of similar assets,
if available, or independent appraisals, if required. If the carrying amount of the long-lived asset is not recoverable from its
undiscounted cash flows, an impairment loss is recognized for the difference between the carrying amount and fair value of the
asset. When fair values are not available, the Company estimates fair value using the expected future cash flows discounted at
a rate commensurate with the risk associated with the recovery of the assets. The Company did not recognize any impairment losses
for any periods presented.  

Capital
and Sources of Liquidity   

For
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we incurred a net loss of $837,185.  We had the following adjustments for non-cash
items: $2,188 for amortization, $115,504 for stock-based compensation, $60,000 as a result of shares issued for investor relations
fees, $2,071 as a write-off of growing crops, $289,873 as a loss on the disposal of OneWorld.  We had the following changes
in non-cash working capital: We had a decrease in other current assets of $9,399, an increase in accounts payable and accrued
liabilities of $120,510, and an increase in amounts due to related parties of $30,030.  As a result, we had total cash used
in operating activities of $207,608 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016.  

For
the nine months ended September 30, 2015, we incurred a net loss of $100,003.  We had the following adjustments for non-cash
items: $35,761 for stock-based compensation.  We had the following changes in non-cash working capital: We had an increase
in accounts receivable of $45,711, an increase in other current assets of $64,813 and an increase in accounts payable and accrued
liabilities of $148,576, and an increase in other current liabilities of $24,960.  As a result, we had total cash used in
operating activities of $1,230 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  

For
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we spent $5,350 on the acquisition of fixed assets.  We received $15,293 as proceeds
on disposal of fixed assets and spent $1,295 on inventories.  We spent $300,898 on construction in progress and $224,630
on growing crops.  As a result, we had total cash used in investing activities of $516,880 for the period.  

For
the nine months ended September 30, 2015, we spent $6,915 on the acquisition of fixed assets, resulting in total cash used in
investing activities of $6,915 for the period.  

For
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we received $285,000 as loan proceeds from a related party, resulting in net cash provided
by financing activities of $285,000 for the period.  

For
the nine months ended September 30, 2015, we received $110,000 as proceeds from the issuance of shares, resulting in net cash
provided by financing activities of $110,000 for the period.  

Results
of Operations   

For
the three months ended September 30, 2016, we paid accounting and legal expenses of $31,523, amortization expenses of $719, and
director and management fees of $15,000.  We had a foreign exchange loss of $121, paid investor relations expenses of $26,766,
and paid research and development expenses of $10,778.  We paid rent expenses of $5,157, salaries and benefits of $26,711,
and stock-based compensation of $31,383.  We paid telephone expenses of $700, travel expenses of $9,102, transfer agent and
filing fees of $1,340, other general and administrative expenses of $8,123, and had a write-off of growing crops of $2,071, resulting
in total general and administrative expenses of $169,494.  We recorded a loss on the disposal of OneWorld of $289,873 and
recorded income from discontinued operations of $40,663.  We had an exchange difference on translating foreign operations
of $1,997, resulting in a comprehensive loss of $416,707 for the three months ended September 30, 2016.  

Comparatively,
for the three months ended September 30, 2015, we paid accounting and legal expenses of $36,735, director and management fees
of $15,000, and had a foreign exchange loss of $171.  We paid rent expenses of $499, stock-based compensation of $35,761,
and telephone expenses of $571.  We paid travel expenses of $1,025, transfer agent and filing fees of $6,797, and other general
and administrative expenses of $14,216, resulting in total general and administrative expenses of $110,775.  We recorded
income from discontinued operations of $39,586.  We had an exchange difference on translating foreign operations of $1,664,
resulting in a comprehensive loss of $72,853 for the three months ended September 30, 2015.  

Our
net loss increased by $347,515 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the three months ended September 30,
2015.  This is due to our general and administrative expenses increasing by $58,719, or 34.6%.  We had a loss of $289,873
as a result of our disposal of OneWorld.  We spent $26,766 on investor relations, $10,778 on research and development, and
$26,711 on salaries and benefits during the three months ended September 30, 2016, and we did not have corresponding expenses
during the three months ended September 30, 2015.  These factors all contributed to the increased net loss.  

For
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we paid accounting and legal expenses of $95,231, amortization expenses of $2,188, and
director and management fees of $45,000.  We had a foreign exchange loss of $246, paid investor relations expenses of $65,533,
and paid research and development expenses of $31,420.  We paid rent expenses of $14,552, salaries and benefits of $100,144,
and stock-based compensation of $115,504.  We paid telephone expenses of $1,639, travel expenses of $19,565, transfer agent
and filing fees of $36,373, other general and administrative expenses of $21,891, and had a write-off of growing crops of $2,071,
resulting in total general and administrative expenses of $551,357.  We recorded a loss on the disposal of OneWorld of $289,873
and recorded income from discontinued operations of $4,045.  We had an exchange difference on translating foreign operations
of $1,727, resulting in a comprehensive loss of $835,458 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016.  

Comparatively,
for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, we paid accounting and legal expenses of $37,309, director and management fees of
$45,000, and had a foreign exchange loss of $925.  We paid rent expenses of $3,945, stock-based compensation of $35,761,
and telephone expenses of $1,256.  We paid travel expenses of $17,875, transfer agent and filing fees of $13,218, and other
general and administrative expenses of $14,873, resulting in total general and administrative expenses of $170,162.  We recorded
income from discontinued operations of $70,159.  We had an exchange difference on translating foreign operations of $116,
resulting in a comprehensive loss of $99,887 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  

Our
net loss increased by $737,182 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015.
 This is due to greatly increased general and administrative expenses Our accounting and legal fees increased by $57,922
as a result of preparing and filing a registration statement on Form S-1, and we spent a total of $199,285 for amortization, investor
relations, research and development, and salaries and benefits that we did not incur during the nine months ended September 30,
2015.  These factors all contributed to the increased net loss.  

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements  

The
Company had no material off-balance sheet arrangements as of September 30, 2016.  

Contractual
Obligations  

Research
and development agreement   

The
Company entered into a Technology Development Service Agreement (the  Technology Agreement ) in January 2016 with
Zhejiang Pharmaceutical College (the  College ) with a term of 3 years. Pursuant to the Technology Agreement, the
College will conduct research and development on induction of callus of gingko leaves and extraction, and identification of flavone
and lactone therefrom on the Company s behalf. As consideration, the Company shall pay the College an annual research fee
of RMB100,000 ($15,400) (RMB100,000 paid in March 2016) and monthly consulting fees to professors and staff.  

Farmland
lease agreements   

  The
Company leased about 100 acres of farmland in Pizhou City, Jiangsu Province, China from local individual farmers for a period
from October 2015 to August 2027. The lease fees may be renegotiated.  

New
Accounting Pronouncements  

The
Company has adopted all recently issued accounting pronouncements.  The adoption of the accounting pronouncements, including
those not yet effective, are not anticipated to have a material effect on the financial position or results of operations of the
Company.  

Item
3.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk  

Not
applicable for smaller reporting companies.  

Item
4.  Controls and Procedures  

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures:  

We
maintain disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act that are designed
to insure that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed,
summarized and reported within the periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms and that
such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial
officer, or the persons performing similar functions, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.  

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our CEO and CFO, or the persons performing similar functions, our management has
evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report.
 Based on that evaluation, our CEO and CFO, or the persons performing similar functions, concluded that our disclosure controls
and procedures were not effective as of September 30, 2016.  

Evaluation
of Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting:  

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our CEO and CFO, or those persons performing similar functions, our management has
evaluated changes in our internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during the three months ended September 30,
2016.  Based on that evaluation, our CEO and CFO, or those persons performing similar functions, did not identify any change
in our internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our
internal control over financial reporting.  

PART
II - OTHER INFORMATION  

Item
1.   Legal Proceedings  

None  

Item
1A.  Risk Factors  

Not
applicable for smaller reporting companies  

Item
2.   Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.  

None  

Item
3.   Defaults Upon Senior Securities.  

None  

Item
4.   Mine Safety Disclosures  

Not
applicable  

Item
5.   Other Information  

None  

Item
6. Exhibits  

Exhibit 31*  
      Certifications pursuant to
    Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

Exhibit 32*  
      Certifications pursuant to Section 906 of the
    Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

101.INS**  
      XBRL Instance Document  

101.SCH**  
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document   
 
      101.CAL**  
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase
    Document   
 
      101.DEF**  
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase
    Document   
 
      101.LAB**  
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document   
 
      101.PRE**  
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase
    Document  

*Filed herewith   
 
      **XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting
    Language) information is furnished and not filed or a part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Sections
    11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, is deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange
    Act of 1934, as amended, and otherwise is not subject to liability under these sections.   
 
      *Filed herewith   

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.  

Dated:
 November 14, 2016  

GLOBALINK,
LTD.  

By:
   /s/  Hin Kwok Sheung    

  Hin
Kwok Sheung  

  Chief
Executive Officer  

By:
    /s/  Ke Feng (Andrea)
Yuan    

  Ke
Feng (Andrea) Yean  

  Chief
Financial Officer   

<EX-101.INS>
 2
 gobk-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 3
 gobk-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 4
 gobk-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 5
 gobk-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 6
 gobk-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 7
 gobk-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-31.1>
 8
 ex31_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit
31.1  

Certification
of Chief Executive Officer   

    Pursuant
to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and Item 307 of Regulation S-K   

I,
Hin Kwok Sheung, certify that:  

1.
 I have reviewed this Form 10-Q of Globalink, LTD. for the period ended September 30, 2016;  

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report;  

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report;  

4. The
registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and  

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and  

5. The
registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions):  

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information;
and  

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's
internal control over financial reporting.  

Date: November 15, 2016  

By:  
       /s/ Hin Kwok Sheung    

Hin Kwok Sheung   

Chief Executive Officer   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 9
 ex31_2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit
31.2  

Certification
of Chief Financial Officer   

        Pursuant
to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and Item 307 of Regulation S-K   

I,
Ke Feng (Andrea) Yuan, certify that:  

1.  I
have reviewed this Form 10-Q of Globalink, LTD. for the period ended September 30, 2016;  

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report;  

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report;  

4. The
registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

(a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

(b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

(c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and  

(d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and  

5. The
registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions):  

(a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information;
and  

(b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal
control over financial reporting.  

Date: November 15, 2016  

By:  
       /s/ Ke Feng (Andrea)
    Yuan    

Ke Fen (Andrea) Yuan   

Chief Financial Officer   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 10
 ex32_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit
32.1  

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT  

  Section
1350 Certification as adopted pursuant to  

  Section
906 of the SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

The
undersigned officer of Globalink, LTD. (the  Company ), hereby certifies, to such officer's knowledge, that the
Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ) fully complies with
the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in the Report
fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.  

Date: November 15, 2016  

By:  
       /s/ Hin Kwok Sheung    

Hin Kwok Sheung   

Chief Executive Officer   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 11
 ex32_2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit
32.2  

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT  

  Section
1350 Certification as adopted pursuant to  

  Section
906 of the SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

The
undersigned officer of Globalink, LTD. (the  Company ), hereby certifies, to such officer's knowledge, that the Company's
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ) fully complies with the requirements
of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all
material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.  

Date: November 15, 2016  

By:  
       /s/ Ke Feng (Andrea)
    Yuan    

Ke Fen (Andrea) Yuan   

Chief Financial Officer   

</EX-32.2>

