<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_1574910_0001477932-16-013319_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>738158</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>50844</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>59928</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>154011</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>205091</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>216552</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>21</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001477932-16-013319.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109123901
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001477932-16-013319
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		32
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SUCCESS ENTERTAINMENT GROUP INTERNATIONAL INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001574910
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ICE CREAM & FROZEN DESSERTS [2024]
		IRS NUMBER:				300868975
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-188401
		FILM NUMBER:		161983376

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		215 NORTH JEFFERSON
		STREET 2:		BOX 591
		CITY:			OSSIAN
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			46777
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(260) 490-9990

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		215 NORTH JEFFERSON
		STREET 2:		BOX 591
		CITY:			OSSIAN
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			46777

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Altimo Group Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130419

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001477932-16-013319.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 segn_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q
 
   segn_10q.htm      
 
         UNITED STATES      SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION      Washington, D.C. 20549         FORM   10-Q       (Mark One)        For the quarterly period ended  September 30, 2016    or         For the transition period from ________ to ________      Commission File Number   333-188401                 SUCCESS ENTERTAINMENT GROUP INTERNATIONAL INC.        (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)                            531 Airport North Office Park, Fort Wayne, Indiana 46825        (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report)         Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.     YES     x  NO  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).      YES     x  NO  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a small reporting company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer", "accelerated filer" and "smaller reporting company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.          Large accelerated filer           Accelerated filer             Non-accelerated filer           Smaller reporting company     x       (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)                 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act)     YES     x  NO     APPLICABLE ONLY TO ISSUERS INVOLVED IN BANKRUPTCY PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PRECEDING FIVE YEARS      Check whether the registrant has filed all documents and reports required to be filed by Sections 12, 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act after the distribution of securities under a plan confirmed by a court.     YES        NO     APPLICABLE ONLY TO CORPORATE ISSUERS        Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer's classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date.    10,360,000 common shares issued and outstanding as of November 1, 2016       

SUCCESS ENTERTAINMENT GROUP INTERNATIONAL INC.          TABLE OF CONTENTS                   PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION.                           Item 1.      Financial Statements.     3                    Item 2.      Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition or Plan of Operation.     10                    Item 3.      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.     16                    Item 4.      Controls and Procedures.     16                        PART II - OTHER INFORMATION.                           Item 1.      Legal Proceedings.     17                    Item 1A.      Risk Factors.     17                    Item 2.      Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.     17                    Item 3.      Defaults Upon Senior Securities.     17                    Item 4.      Mine Safety Disclosures.     17                    Item 5.      Other Information.     17                    Item 6.      Exhibits.     17                       SIGNATURES.     17                     2       
      Table of Contents         PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION         Item 1. Financial Statements       The unaudited financial statements of our company have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ( US GAAP ) and are expressed in U.S. dollars.      SUCCESSENTERTAINMENT GROUP INTERNATIONAL, INC.     BALANCE SHEETS                 See Notes to Financial Statements                    3       
      Table of Contents                      See Notes to Financial Statements                        4       
      Table of Contents                  SUCCESSENTERTAINMENT GROUP INTERNATIONAL, INC.        STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS        (UNAUDITED)                    See Notes to Financial Statements                    5       
      Table of Contents           SUCCESS ENTERTAINMENT GROUP INTERNATIONAL, INC.    NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    (UNAUDITED)       NOTE 1   ORGANIZATION AND NATURE OF BUSINESS      Success Entertainment Group International, Inc. ( the Company ,  we ,  us , or  our ) was incorporated in the State of Nevada on January 30, 2013 under the name Altimo Group Corp and its initial business plan was to place and operate frozen yogurt making machines.     Effective July 14, 2014, there was a change in control of the Company.     In accordance with the terms and provisions of a stock purchase agreement dated May 5, 2014 (the "Stock Purchase Agreement") by and among Marek Tomaszewski, the seller of an aggregate of 8,000,000 shares of common stock of the Company (the "Control Block Seller"), and Success Holding Group Corp. USA, a Nevada corporation (the "Control Block Purchaser"), the Control Block Purchaser purchased from the Control Block Shareholders all of the 8,000,000 shares of common stock held of record.     In accordance with the terms and provisions of the Stock Purchase Agreement, the Company accepted the resignations of its sole officer and director, Marek Tomaszewski as President, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer effective July 14, 2014. Simultaneously, the Board of Directors appointed the following individuals: (i) Steve Chen as a member of the Board of Directors and the Chief Executive Officer; and (ii) Brian Kistler as a member of the Board of Directors and the President, Secretary, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer.     Effective July 14, 2014, our Board of Directors and majority shareholders approved an amendment to our articles of incorporation to change our name to "Success Entertainment Group International Inc." (the  Name Change Amendment ). The Name Change Amendment was approved by our Board of Directors to better reflect the new nature of our business operations. The Name Change Amendment was filed with the Secretary of State of Nevada on August 22, 2014 changing our name to "Success Entertainment Group International Inc."     Effective on July 15, 2014, the Board of Directors of Altimo Group Corp authorized and approved the execution of that certain general release and waiver of debt agreement (the "Release Agreement") with Marek Tomaszekwsi, the Company's prior President, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer (the "Creditor"), pursuant to which the Creditor agreed to waive and release the debt due and owing to it in the aggregate amount of $5,100 (the "Released Debt"). In accordance with the terms and provisions of the Release Agreement, the Creditor agreed to release, acquit, covenant not to sue and specifically release and waive any claims or rights it may have under common law and statutory law relating to the Released Debt.     Effective July 15, 2014, pursuant to the change in ownership described above, the focus and direction of the Company will now be the production and development of internet movies and training films.     On December 1, 2014 the Board of Directors of the Company authorized an amendment to its Bylaws to change the Company s fiscal year end From March 31 to December 31.     On December 2, 2014, our Board of Directors accepted the resignation of Steve Chen as the Chief Executive Officer and appointed Chris (Chi Jui) Hong as the Chief Executive Officer and a member of the Board of Directors. Following this appointment, our Board of Directors consists of three members: (i) Steve Andrew Chen; (ii) Brian Kistler; and (iii) Chris (Chi Jui) Hong.     On November 19, 2015, the Company acquired 100% shares of Double Growth Investment Ltd. On December 9, 2015, the Company acquired 100% shares of Coronet Limited, Fortunate Yields Limited, Solution Elite Limited, Ultimate Concept Limited, Viva Leader Limited. All these subsidiaries were registered in Republic of Seychelles. The Company made these acquisitions for future investment purpose.       NOTE 2   GOING CONCERN      The Company has incurred losses since Inception (January 30, 2013) resulting in an accumulated deficit of $152,428 as of September 30, 2016 and further losses are anticipated in the development of its business. Accordingly, there is substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern.     The accompanying financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, which contemplate continuation of the Company as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts and classification of liabilities that could result from the outcome of this uncertainty.                  6       
      Table of Contents          The ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon the Company generating profitable operations in the future and, or, obtaining the necessary financing to meet its obligations and repay its liabilities arising from normal business operations when they come due.     Management anticipates that the Company will be dependent, for the near future, on additional investment capital to fund operating expenses. The Company intends to position itself so that it may be able to raise additional funds through the capital markets. In light of management s efforts, there are no assurances that the Company will be successful in this or any of its endeavors or become financially viable and continue as a going concern.      NOTE 3   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFCANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES       Interim Financial Statements      The accompanying unaudited financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the instructions from Regulation S-X and do not include all of the information and disclosures required by generally accepted accounting principles for complete financial statements. All adjustments which are, in the opinion of management, necessary for a fair presentation of the results of operations for the interim period(s), and to make the financial statements not misleading, have been made and are of a recurring nature unless otherwise disclosed herein. The results of operations for such interim period(s) are not necessarily indicative of operations for a full year.      Basis of Presentation      The financial statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America and are presented in US dollars.      Use of Estimates      The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date the financial statements and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.       Cash and Cash Equivalents      The Company considers all highly liquid investments with the original maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents. The Company had $460 and $13,501 of cash as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.     The Company s bank accounts are deposited in insured institutions. The funds are insured up to $250,000. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company s bank deposits did not exceed the insured amounts.                  7       
      Table of Contents           Fair Value of Financial Instruments      ASC 820 "Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures" establishes a three-tier fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs in measuring fair value. The hierarchy prioritizes the inputs into three levels based on the extent to which inputs used in measuring fair value are observable in the market.     These tiers include:     Level 1: defined as observable inputs such as quoted prices in active markets;     Level 2: defined as inputs other than quoted prices in active markets that are either directly or indirectly observable; and     Level 3: defined as unobservable inputs in which little or no market data exists, therefore requiring an entity to develop its own assumptions.     The Company s financial instruments consist of cash, a related party loan and note payable related party. The carrying amount of these financial instruments approximates fair value due their short term maturity.      Income Taxes      Income taxes are computed using the asset and liability method. Under the asset and liability method, deferred income tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities and are measured using the currently enacted tax rates and laws. A valuation allowance is provided for the amount of deferred tax assets that, based on available evidence, are not expected to be realized.      Revenue Recognition      The Company will recognize revenue in accordance with ASC. 605,  Revenue Recognition . ASC-605 requires that four basic criteria must be met before revenue can be recognized: (1) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; (2) delivery has occurred; (3) the selling price is fixed and determinable; and (4) collectability is reasonably assured. Determination of criteria (3) and (4) are based on management's judgments regarding the fixed nature of the selling prices of the products delivered and the collectability of those amounts. Provisions for discounts and rebates to customers, estimated returns and allowances, and other adjustments are provided for in the same period the related sales are recorded. The Company will defer any revenue for which the product has not been delivered or is subject to refund until such time that the Company and the customer jointly determine that the product has been delivered or no refund will be required.      Advertising Costs      The Company policy regarding advertising is to expense advertising when incurred. The Company incurred advertising expense of $0 during the nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.      Stock-Based Compensation      Stock-based compensation is accounted for at fair value in accordance with ASC Topic 718.     As at September 30, 2016, the Company has not adopted a stock option plan and has not granted any stock options.                   8       
      Table of Contents           Basic and diluted Income (Loss)       Per Share Basic income (loss) per share is calculated by dividing the Company s net loss applicable to common shareholders by the weighted average number of common shares during the period. Diluted earnings per share is calculated by dividing the Company s net income available to common shareholders by the diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding during the year. The diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding is the basic weighted number of shares adjusted for any potentially dilutive debt or equity. For the nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, there were no potentially dilutive securities issued or outstanding and any such shares would have been excluded from the computation because they would have been anti-dilutive as the Company incurred losses for these periods.      Recent Accounting Pronouncements      The Company has reviewed all recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements and does not believe the future adoption of any such pronouncements may be expected to cause a material impact on our financial condition or the results of its operations.      NOTE 4   LOAN PAYABLE   RELATED PARTY      Success Holdings Group Corp. USA, our parent company, paid certain operating costs on our behalf. The total amount owed as at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 are $104,976 and $65,311, respectively.     The loan is unsecured, non-interest bearing and due on demand.      NOTE 5   COMMON STOCK      The Company has 75,000,000, $0.001 par value shares of common stock authorized.     On March 13, 2013, the Company issued 8,000,000 shares of common stock to a director for cash proceeds of $8,000 at $0.001 per share.     Between December 2013 and March 2014, the Company sold 2,360,000 shares of common stock for cash proceeds of $23,600 at $0.01 per share.     There were 10,360,000 shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.      NOTE 6   COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES       Contractual      The Company neither owns nor leases any real or personal property. An officer has provided office services without charge. There is no obligation for the officer to continue this arrangement. Such costs are immaterial to the financial statements and accordingly are not reflected herein. The officers and directors are involved in other business activities and most likely will become involved in other business activities in the future.      Legal      We were not subject to any legal proceedings on September 30, 2016 and no legal proceedings are pending or threatened to the next of our knowledge or belief.                 9       
      Table of Contents            Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition or Plan of Operation        FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS      This quarterly report contains forward-looking statements. These statements relate to future events or our future financial performance. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as  may ,  should ,  expects ,  plans ,  anticipates ,  believes ,  estimates ,  predicts ,  potential  or  continue  or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. These statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our or our industry's actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. Except as required by applicable law, including the securities laws of the United States, we do not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements to conform these statements to actual results.      Our unaudited financial statements are stated in United States Dollars (US$) and are prepared in accordance with United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and the related notes that appear elsewhere in this quarterly report. The following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates and beliefs. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed below and elsewhere in this quarterly report.      Unless otherwise specified in this quarterly report, all dollar amounts are expressed in United States dollars and all references to  common stock  refer to shares of our common stock.      As used in this quarterly report, the terms  we ,  us ,  our  and  our company  mean Success Entertainment Group International Inc., unless otherwise indicated.       Corporate History      Our Company was incorporated in the State of Nevada on January 30, 2013 (Inception) under the name Altimo Group Corp. to engage in the sale of frozen yogurt machines.     Our fiscal year end is December 31.     On March 13, 2013, we issued 8,000,000 shares of common stock to a director for cash proceeds of $8,000 at $0.001 per share.      Between December 2013 and March 2014, we sold 2,360,000 shares of common stock for cash proceeds of $23,600 at $0.01 per share.     On May 5, 2014, Marek Tomaszewski, our then sole officer, director, and majority shareholder, entered into an agreement to sell 8,000,000 shares of our common stock, representing 77% of our outstanding common shares, to Success Holding Group Corp. USA, a Nevada corporation ("Success Holding"), which resulted in a change of control of our Company effective July 14, 2014. As a result of the transaction, Success Holding became our majority shareholder and we became its majority controlled subsidiary.      Effective July 14, 2014, Marek Tomaszewski, resigned as our sole director and officer of our company. Concurrently with Mr. Tomaszewski s resignation Steve Chen was appointed as our Chief Executive Officer and as a director of our Board of Directors, and Brian Kistler was appointed as our President, Secretary, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer, and as a member of our Board of Directors.           Effective on July 15, 2014 we entered into a release and waiver of debt agreement with Marek Tomaszekwsi, our then outgoing President, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to which Mr. Tomaszekwsi agreed to waive and release the debt due and owing to him by our company in the aggregate amount of $5,100.     Effective July 14, 2014, our Board of Directors and majority shareholders approved an amendment to our articles of incorporation to change our name to "Success Entertainment Group International Inc." The amendment was approved by our Board of Directors to better reflect the new nature of our business operations.      Effective July 15, 2014, as a result of the change in ownership and management described above, we abandoned our former business plan and adopted our current business of the production and development of internet movies and training films.     On September 26, 2014 we receive approval from the FINRA to give effect to the name change approved on July 14, 2015. Our trading symbol concurrently changed to "SEGN" and we were assigned the new CUSIP number 86457R107.     On November 19, 2015, we acquired 100% of the outstanding securities of Double Growth Investment Ltd. On December 9, 2015, we acquired 100% of the outstanding securities of Coronet Limited, Fortunate Yields Limited, Solution Elite Limited, Ultimate Concept Limited, Viva Leader Limited. All these subsidiaries were registered in Republic of Seychelles. We made these acquisitions for future investment purpose.      On December 1, 2014 our Board of Directors authorized an amendment to our Bylaws to change our Company's fiscal year end From March 31 to December 31.     On December 2, 2014, our Board of Directors accepted the resignation of Steve Chen as Chief Executive Officer, and appointed Chris (Chi Jui) Hong as the Chief Executive Officer and as a member of our Board of Directors. Following this appointment, our Board of Directors consists of three members: (i) Steve Andrew Chen; (ii) Brian Kistler; and (iii) Chris (Chi Jui) Hong.        Current Business       Our current focus and operations is the production of Internet movies in China, for distribution in China. Specifically, we seek to produce dramatic, feature length films for the internet that appeal to teens and young adults and which incorporate inspirational themes. In addition, we will seek to sell distribution rights for these films, and to develop and sell promotional and other products related to these films throughout the world.      Our majority shareholder, Success Holding Group Corp. USA is also the majority shareholder of Success Holding Group International Inc., which is engaged in the production of internet movies with a focus on serial or episodic films and short films. In contrast, our focus is on production of non-series and feature length internet movies.     Currently, our management is seeking and evaluating opportunities for our company to produce an internet movie, or participate in the production of an internet movie as a financial partner, development partner, or production partner. In that regard we are seeking and evaluating film concepts, screenplays, financing opportunities, branding opportunities, and prospective creative and financial partners. As at the date of this report we have not entered into any definitive agreement with any third parties and have not commenced pre-production or production of any film. We anticipate that we will require an operating budget between $300,000 and $1,000,000 to execute our first film project, depending on the scope of our participation and the scale of the project.               Results of Operations       Three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015.      Our operating expenses for the three month periods ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 are outlined in the table below:            Operating Revenues      For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, our company did not record any revenues.      Operating Expenses and Net Loss      Operating expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2016 were $10,517 compared with $12,739 for the three months ended September 30, 2015. Our operating expenses during both period consisted entirely of general and administrative expenses which include professional fees (legal, accounting, audit), filing fees associated with the electronic filing of our public disclosure documents, travel expense, communications expenses (telephone, internet), and incidental office expenses (mail, courier, etc.). There were minimal decreases in general and operating expenses during the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015.     Net loss for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was $10,157 compared with $12,739 for the three months ended September 30, 2015.       Nine months ended  September  30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended  September  30, 2015.      Our operating expenses for the nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 are outlined in the table below:            Operating Revenues      For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, our company did not record any revenues.      Operating Expenses and Net Loss      Operating expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 were $33,007 compared with $29,432 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Our operating expenses during both period consisted entirely of general and administrative expenses which include professional fees (legal, accounting, audit), filing fees associated with the electronic filing of our public disclosure documents, travel expense, communications expenses (telephone, internet), and incidental office expenses (mail, courier, etc.). The 12.14% increase in operating expenses was mainly attributed to increased travel expense.           Net loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $33,007 compared with $29,432 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.       Liquidity and Capital Resources        Working Capital             Cash Flows            As at September 30, 2016, our cash balance and total assets were $460 compared to $13,501 as at December 31, 2015. The 96.59% decrease in cash and total assets resulted from increased net loss and decreased accrued expenses, partially offset by an increase in related party loans during the most recent period.      As at September 30, 2016, we had total liabilities of $116,187 compared with total liabilities of $96,222 as at December 31, 2015. The 20.74% increase in total liabilities was due to an increase in loans provided by related parties.            As at September 30, 2016, we had a working capital deficit of $115,727 compared with a working capital deficit of $82,721 as at December 31, 2015. The 39.90% increase in our working capital deficit is due to a decrease in cash and an increase in loans provided by related parties.      Cashflow from Operating Activities      During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we used $52,706 of cash for operating activities compared to the use of $23,507 of cash for operating activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The 124.21% increase during the most recent period is due to an increase in net loss and a decrease in accrued expenses.      Cashflow from Investing Activities      During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we did not have any investing activities.       Cashflow from Financing Activities      During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we received proceeds of $39,665 from related party loans. During the nine months ended September 30, 2015, we received proceeds of $23,507 from related party loans. The loans are non-interest bearing and due on demand.       Going Concern      We have not attained profitable operations and are dependent upon obtaining financing to pursue any extensive acquisitions and activities. For these reasons, our auditors stated in their report on our audited financial statements that they have substantial doubt that we will be able to continue as a going concern without further financing.      Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements      We have no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that are material to stockholders.      Future Financings      We will continue to rely on equity sales of our common shares in order to continue to fund our business operations. Issuances of additional shares will result in dilution to existing stockholders. There is no assurance that we will achieve any additional sales of the equity securities or arrange for debt or other financing to fund our operations and other activities.      Critical Accounting Policies       Use of Estimates      The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date the financial statements and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.             Cash and Cash Equivalents      The Company considers all highly liquid investments with the original maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents. The Company had $460 and $13,501 of cash as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.     The Company s bank accounts are deposited in insured institutions. The funds are insured up to $250,000. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company s bank deposits did not exceed the insured amounts.      Fair Value of Financial Instruments      ASC 820 "Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures" establishes a three-tier fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs in measuring fair value. The hierarchy prioritizes the inputs into three levels based on the extent to which inputs used in measuring fair value are observable in the market.     These tiers include:     Level 1: defined as observable inputs such as quoted prices in active markets;     Level 2: defined as inputs other than quoted prices in active markets that are either directly or indirectly observable; and     Level 3: defined as unobservable inputs in which little or no market data exists, therefore requiring an entity to develop its own assumptions.     The Company s financial instruments consist of cash, a related party loan and note payable related party. The carrying amount of these financial instruments approximates fair value due their short term maturity.      Income Taxes      Income taxes are computed using the asset and liability method. Under the asset and liability method, deferred income tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities and are measured using the currently enacted tax rates and laws. A valuation allowance is provided for the amount of deferred tax assets that, based on available evidence, are not expected to be realized.      Revenue Recognition      The Company will recognize revenue in accordance with ASC. 605,  Revenue Recognition . ASC-605 requires that four basic criteria must be met before revenue can be recognized: (1) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; (2) delivery has occurred; (3) the selling price is fixed and determinable; and (4) collectability is reasonably assured. Determination of criteria (3) and (4) are based on management's judgments regarding the fixed nature of the selling prices of the products delivered and the collectability of those amounts. Provisions for discounts and rebates to customers, estimated returns and allowances, and other adjustments are provided for in the same period the related sales are recorded. The Company will defer any revenue for which the product has not been delivered or is subject to refund until such time that the Company and the customer jointly determine that the product has been delivered or no refund will be required.             Basic and diluted Income (Loss)       Per Share Basic income (loss) per share is calculated by dividing the Company s net loss applicable to common shareholders by the weighted average number of common shares during the period. Diluted earnings per share is calculated by dividing the Company s net income available to common shareholders by the diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding during the year. The diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding is the basic weighted number of shares adjusted for any potentially dilutive debt or equity. For the nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, there were no potentially dilutive securities issued or outstanding and any such shares would have been excluded from the computation because they would have been anti-dilutive as the Company incurred losses for these periods.      Recent Accounting Pronouncements      The Company has reviewed all recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements and does not believe the future adoption of any such pronouncements may be expected to cause a material impact on our financial condition or the results of its operations.        Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements      Our company has implemented all new accounting pronouncements that are in effect. These pronouncements did not have any material impact on the financial statements unless otherwise disclosed, and our company does not believe that there are any other new accounting pronouncements that have been issued that might have a material impact on its financial position or results of operations.       Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk       As a  smaller reporting company , we are not required to provide the information required by this Item.       Item 4. Controls and Procedures        Management s Report on Disclosure Controls and Procedures       We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission's rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our president (our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer) to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure.      As of the end of our quarter covered by this report, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our president (our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer), of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based on the foregoing, our president (our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer) concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective in providing reasonable assurance in the reliability of our reports as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report.       Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting       During the period covered by this report there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.              PART II - OTHER INFORMATION         Item 1. Legal Proceedings       We know of no material, existing or pending legal proceedings against our company, nor are we involved as a plaintiff in any material proceeding or pending litigation. There are no proceedings in which our director, officer or any affiliates, or any registered or beneficial shareholder, is an adverse party or has a material interest adverse to our interest.       Item 1A. Risk Factors       As a  smaller reporting company , we are not required to provide the information required by this Item.       Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds       None.       Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities       None.       Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures       Not Applicable.       Item 5. Other Information       None.         Item 6. Exhibits              (1) Incorporated by reference to the same exhibit of our registration statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 7, 2013.     (2) Incorporated by reference to the exhibit 10.3 of Amendment No. 1 to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 15, 2013.  _______________   *Filed herewith              SIGNATURES       In accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.                     SUCCESS ENTERTAINMENT GROUP INTERNATIONAL INC.                (Registrant)                                                    Dated: November 9, 2016    By:     /s/ Chris Hong                 Chris Hong                Chief Executive Officer and Director               (Principal Executive Officer)                               Dated: November 9, 2016    By:     /s/ Brian Kistler                 Brian Kistler                President, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary, Treasurer and Director               (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)                      

<EX-31.1>
 2
 segn_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
   segn_ex311.htm      EXHIBIT 31.1       CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002      I, Chris Hong, certify that:            1.  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Success Entertainment Group International Inc.;                2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;                3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;                4.  The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:                       a.  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;                          b.  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;                          c.  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and                          d.  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and                 5.  The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):                      a.  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and                          b.  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.                      Dated: November 9, 2016   By:   /s/ Chris Hong                  Chris Hong             Chief Executive Officer and Director             (Principal Executive Officer)        

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 segn_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
   segn_ex312.htm      EXHIBIT 31.2       CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002      I, Brian Kistler, certify that:            1.  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Success Entertainment Group International Inc.;                2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;                3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;                4.  The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:                       a.  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;                          b.  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;                          c.  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and                          d.  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and                 5.  The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):                      a.  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and                          b.  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.                            Dated: November 9, 2016  By:   /s/ Brian Kistler                 Brian Kistler              President, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary, Treasurer and Director  (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)             

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 segn_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
   segn_ex321.htm      EXHIBIT 32.1         CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO    18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO    SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002      I, Chris Hong, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:                 (1)  the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Success Entertainment Group International Inc. for the period ended September 30, 2016 (the "Report") fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and                         (2)  the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Success Entertainment Group International Inc.                         Dated: November 9, 2016    By:    /s/ Chris Hong               Chris Hong             Chief Executive Officer and Director             (Principal Executive Officer)          A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Success Entertainment Group International Inc. and will be retained by Success Entertainment Group International Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.       

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 segn_ex322.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
   segn_ex322.htm      EXHIBIT 32.2         CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO    18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO    SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002      I, Brian Kistler, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:                 (1)  the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Success Entertainment Group International Inc. for the period ended September 30, 2016 (the "Report") fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and                         (2)  the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Success Entertainment Group International Inc.                    Dated: November 9, 2016    By:     /s/ Brian Kistler                   Brian Kistler             President, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary, Treasurer and Director             (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)          A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Success Entertainment Group International Inc. and will be retained by Success Entertainment Group International Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.    

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 segn-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 segn-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 segn-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 segn-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 segn-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 segn-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

