<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161024_10-Q_edgar_data_1618755_0001193125-16-745249_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8256975</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>127271</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>418308</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1594944</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3693253</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1988415</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>46</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-745249.hdr.sgml : 20161024
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161024170311
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-745249
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		93
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161024
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161024

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Restaurant Brands International Limited Partnership
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001618755
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-EATING PLACES [5812]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			A6
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36787
		FILM NUMBER:		161948668

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		226 WYECROFT ROAD
		CITY:			OAKVILLE
		STATE:			A6
		ZIP:			L6K 3X7
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(905) 845-6511

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		226 WYECROFT ROAD
		CITY:			OAKVILLE
		STATE:			A6
		ZIP:			L6K 3X7

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	New Red Canada Limited Partnership
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20141031

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	New Red Canada Partnership
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140905

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-745249.txt : 20161024

10-Q
 1
 d262452d10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Form 10-Q 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES   
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549        
       Form 10-Q
            
  (Mark One)   
 
  For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016       
 
  For the transition period from
                       to
                         
  Commission file number: 001-36787        
       RESTAURANT
BRANDS INTERNATIONAL LIMITED PARTNERSHIP      (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)   

Ontario  
   
  98-1206431   
 
    (State or Other Jurisdiction  
  of Incorporation or Organization)   
   
    (I.R.S. Employer  
  Identification No.)    

226 Wyecroft Road  
  Oakville, Ontario   
   
  L6K 3X7   
 
  (Address of Principal Executive Offices)  
   
  (Zip Code)   
    (905) 845-6511   
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code)   
         
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days.    Yes       No       Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12
months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes       No     
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (check one);  

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
   
    (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
    
 Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act).    Yes       No       As of October 20, 2016, there were
227,049,533 Class B exchangeable limited partnership units and 202,006,067 Class A common units outstanding.      

Table of Contents  

   RESTAURANT BRANDS INTERNATIONAL LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AND SUBSIDIARIES   
    TABLE OF CONTENTS       

Page  

PART I   Financial Information     

Item 1. 
    
  Financial Statements   

3 

Item 2. 
    
  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  

30 

Item 3. 
    
  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  

45 

Item 4. 
    
  Controls and Procedures  

45 

PART II   Other Information   

Item 6. 
    
  Exhibits  

46 

Signatures  

47 

Index to Exhibits  

48 

2  

Table of Contents  

     PART I   Financial Information   
    Item 1. Financial Statements   
  RESTAURANT BRANDS INTERNATIONAL LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AND SUBSIDIARIES   
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets  
 (In millions of U.S. dollars, except share data)  
 (unaudited)      
    See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements.   
      3  

Table of Contents  

   RESTAURANT BRANDS INTERNATIONAL LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AND SUBSIDIARIES   
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations  
 (In millions of U.S. dollars, except per share data)  
 (unaudited)      
    See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements.   
      4  

Table of Contents  

   RESTAURANT BRANDS INTERNATIONAL LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AND SUBSIDIARIES   
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss)  
 (In millions of U.S. dollars)  
 (unaudited)      
    See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements.   
  RESTAURANT BRANDS INTERNATIONAL LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AND SUBSIDIARIES   
 Condensed Consolidated Statement of Equity  
 (In millions of U.S. dollars, except per share data)  
 (unaudited)      
    See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements.   
      5  

Table of Contents  

   RESTAURANT BRANDS INTERNATIONAL LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AND SUBSIDIARIES   
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  
 (In millions of U.S. dollars)  
 (unaudited)      
    See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements.   
      6  

Table of Contents  

   RESTAURANT BRANDS INTERNATIONAL LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AND SUBSIDIARIES   
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
 (Unaudited)     Note 1. Description of
Business and Organization       Description of Business    
 Restaurant Brands International Limited Partnership ( Partnership,   we,   us  or  our ) was formed on
August 25, 2014 as a general partnership and was registered on October 27, 2014 as a limited partnership in accordance with the laws of the Province of Ontario. Pursuant to Rule 12g-3(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended, Partnership is a successor issuer to Burger King Worldwide, Inc. Partnership is the indirect parent of The TDL Group Corp. (f/k/a Tim Hortons ULC and Tim Hortons Inc.), a limited company existing under the laws of British Columbia that
franchises and operates quick service restaurants serving premium coffee and other beverage and food products under the  Tim Hortons     brand ( Tim Hortons  or  TH ),
and Burger King Worldwide, Inc., a Delaware corporation that franchises and operates fast food hamburger restaurants principally under the  Burger King     brand ( Burger King
Worldwide ,  Burger King  or  BK ). On December 12, 2014, a series of transactions (the  Transactions ) were completed resulting in Burger King Worldwide and Tim Hortons becoming indirect subsidiaries of
Partnership. We are one of the world s largest quick service restaurant, or QSR, chains as measured by total number of restaurants. As of September 30, 2016, we franchised or owned 4,492 Tim Hortons restaurants and 15,243 Burger King
restaurants, for a total of 19,735 restaurants, in more than 100 countries and U.S. territories worldwide. Approximately 100% of current Tim Hortons and Burger King system-wide restaurants are franchised.  
 We are a limited partnership organized under the laws of Ontario, Canada and a subsidiary of Restaurant Brands International Inc.
( RBI ). RBI is our sole general partner. As our general partner, RBI has the exclusive right, power and authority to manage, control, administer and operate the business and affairs and to make decisions regarding the undertaking and
business of Partnership in accordance with the partnership agreement of Partnership ( partnership agreement ) and applicable laws. There is no board of directors of Partnership. RBI has established a conflicts committee composed entirely
of  independent directors  (as such term is defined in the partnership agreement) in order to consent to, approve or direct various enumerated actions on behalf of RBI (in its capacity as our general partner) in accordance with the terms
of the partnership agreement.    All references to  $  or  dollars  are to the currency of the United States unless
otherwise indicated. All references to  C$  or  Canadian dollars  are to the currency of Canada unless otherwise indicated.     Note
2. Basis of Presentation and Consolidation     We have prepared the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements
( Financial Statements ) in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) for interim financial information. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes
required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( U.S. GAAP ) for complete financial statements. Therefore, the Financial Statements should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial
statements contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC and Canadian securities regulatory authorities on February 26, 2016.  
 The Financial Statements include our accounts and the accounts of our wholly-owned subsidiaries. We consolidate entities in which we have a
controlling financial interest, the usual condition of which is ownership of a majority voting interest. All material intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. Investments in other affiliates that are owned 50% or
less where we have significant influence are accounted for by the equity method.    We also consider for consolidation entities in which we
have certain interests, where the controlling financial interest may be achieved through arrangements that do not involve voting interests. Such an entity, known as a variable interest entity ( VIE ), is required to be consolidated by its
primary beneficiary. The primary beneficiary is the entity that possesses the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly impact its economic performance and has the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits
from the VIE that are significant to it. Our most significant variable interests are in entities that operate restaurants under our subsidiaries  franchise arrangements and certain equity method investees that operate as master franchisees. Our
maximum exposure to loss resulting from involvement with potential VIEs is attributable to trade and notes receivable balances, outstanding loan guarantees and future lease payments, where applicable.  
      7  

Table of Contents  

  We do not have any ownership interests in our franchisees  businesses, except for
investments in various entities that are accounted for under the equity method. Tim Hortons has historically entered into certain arrangements in which an operator acquires the right to operate a restaurant, but Tim Hortons owns the
restaurant s assets. In these arrangements, Tim Hortons has the ability to determine which operators manage the restaurants and for what duration. Tim Hortons previously also entered into interest-free financing in connection with a Franchise
Incentive Program ( FIP ) with certain U.S. restaurant owners whereby restaurant owners finance the initial franchise fee and purchase of restaurant assets. In both operator and FIP arrangements, we perform an analysis to determine if the
legal entity in which operations are conducted is a VIE and consolidate a VIE entity if we also determine Tim Hortons is the entity s primary beneficiary ( Restaurant VIEs ). Additionally, Tim Hortons participates in advertising funds
which, on behalf of Tim Hortons Company and franchise restaurants, collect contributions and administer funds for advertising and promotional programs. Tim Hortons is the sole shareholder (Canada) and sole member (U.S.) in these funds, and is the
primary beneficiary of these funds (the  Advertising VIEs ). As Burger King franchise and master franchise arrangements provide the franchise and master franchise entities the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact
their economic performance, we do not consider ourselves the primary beneficiary of any such entity that might be a VIE.    In the opinion
of management, all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring adjustments) necessary for a fair presentation have been included in the Financial Statements. The results for interim periods are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be
expected for any other interim period or for the full year.    The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in our Financial Statements and notes to the Financial Statements. Management adjusts such estimates and assumptions when facts and circumstances dictate. Such estimates
and assumptions may be affected by volatile credit, equity, foreign currency, energy markets and declines in consumer spending. As future events and their effects cannot be determined with precision, actual results could differ significantly from
these estimates.    Certain prior year amounts in the accompanying Financial Statements and notes to the Financial Statements have been
reclassified in order to be comparable with the current year classifications. These reclassifications had no effect on previously reported net income.  
  Note 3. New Accounting Pronouncements     In
May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued an accounting standards update that amended accounting guidance on revenue recognition. In August 2015, the FASB deferred adoption of the new standard by one year. Several
updates have been issued since to clarify the implementation guidance including, on principal versus agent considerations and on performance obligations and licensing. The new standard will be effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within
those years, beginning after December 15, 2017. Early adoption is allowed as of the original effective date, which is for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2016. The accounting standards
update permits the use of either the retrospective or cumulative effect transition method. We are evaluating the impact of this accounting standards update on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. We have not yet selected a
transition method nor have we determined the effect of the accounting standards update on our ongoing financial reporting.    In February
2016, the FASB issued an accounting standards update which sets out the principles for the recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of leases applicable to both lessors and lessees. The new guidance is effective for fiscal years, and
interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2018, with early adoption permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact that the adoption of this accounting standards update will have on our financial statements, but
we expect this new guidance will have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements since the Company has a significant number of operating lease arrangements for which it is the lessee and others for which it is the lessor.  
 In March 2016, the FASB issued an accounting standards update that clarifies that a change in the counterparty to a derivative instrument that
has been designated as a hedging instrument under existing accounting guidance does not, in and of itself, require de-designation of that hedging relationship provided that all other hedge accounting criteria continue to be met. Amendments in this
update are effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods. The amendments can be applied either prospectively or retrospectively on a modified basis. We do not expect the adoption
of this new guidance to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.  
      8  

Table of Contents  

  In March 2016, the FASB issued an accounting standards update that amends certain aspects of the
equity method of accounting. Amendments in this update are effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods. The amendments should be applied prospectively upon their effective date
to increases in the level of ownership interest or degree of influence that result in the adoption of the equity method. Early adoption is permitted. We do not expect the adoption of this new guidance to have a material impact on our consolidated
financial statements.    In March 2016, the FASB issued an accounting standards update to simplify several aspects of the accounting for
share-based payment transactions. Amendments in this update are effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods. Early adoption is permitted for any entity in any interim or annual
period. If an entity early adopts the amendments in an interim period, any adjustments should be reflected as of the beginning of the fiscal year that includes that interim period. An entity that elects early adoption must adopt all of the
amendments in the same period. We expect this new guidance to have an impact on our consolidated financial statements since the Company has share-based compensation arrangements. We are currently evaluating the impact that the adoption of this
accounting standards update will have on our financial statements.    In August 2016, the FASB issued an accounting standards update to
reduce the existing diversity in how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows. Amendments in this update are effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim
periods within those annual periods. Early adoption is permitted for any entity in any interim or annual period. If an entity early adopts the amendments in an interim period, any adjustments should be reflected as of the beginning of the fiscal
year that includes that interim period. An entity that elects early adoption must adopt all of the amendments in the same period. We are currently evaluating the impact that the adoption of this accounting standards update will have on our financial
statements.     Note 4. Earnings (Loss) Per Unit   
 Partnership uses the two-class method in the computation of earnings per unit. Pursuant to the terms of the partnership agreement, RBI, as the
holder of Partnership s Class A common units ( Class A common units ) is entitled to receive distributions from Partnership in an amount per Class A common unit equal to the aggregate dividends payable by RBI to holders of
RBI common shares, and the holders of Partnership s Class B exchangeable limited partnership units ( Partnership exchangeable units ) are entitled to receive distributions from Partnership in an amount per Partnership exchangeable
unit equal to the dividends payable by RBI on each RBI common share. Partnership s net income available to common unitholders is allocated between the Class A common units and Partnership exchangeable units on a fully-distributed basis and
reflects residual net income after noncontrolling interests and Partnership preferred unit distributions. Basic and diluted earnings per Class A common unit is determined by dividing net income allocated to Class A common unitholders by
the weighted average number of Class A common units outstanding for the period. Basic and diluted earnings per Partnership exchangeable unit is determined by dividing net income allocated to the Partnership exchangeable units by the weighted
average number of Partnership exchangeable units outstanding during the period.    The holders of Partnership exchangeable units each have
the right to require Partnership to exchange all or any portion of such holder s Partnership exchangeable units on a one-for-one basis for RBI common shares, subject to RBI s right as the general partner of Partnership, at RBI s sole
discretion, to deliver a cash payment in lieu of RBI common shares. The allocation of net income attributable to common unitholders between Class A common units and Partnership exchangeable units is affected by the exchange of Partnership
exchangeable units.    Since all stock options were issued by RBI, there are no dilutive securities for Partnership as the exercise of stock
options will not affect the number of Class A common units or Partnership exchangeable units outstanding. However, the issuance of shares by RBI in future periods will affect the allocation of net income attributable to common unitholders
between Class A common units and Partnership exchangeable units.  
      9  

Table of Contents  

  The following table summarizes the basic and diluted earnings per unit calculations (in millions,
except per unit amounts):      
    Note 5. Inventories and Other Current Assets, net   
 Inventories and other current assets, net consist of the following (in millions):  
   
    Note 6. Intangible Assets, net and Goodwill   
 Intangible assets, net and goodwill consist of the following (in millions):  
   
   We recorded amortization expense on intangible assets of $18.1 million for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 and $19.2 million for the same period in the prior year. We recorded amortization expense on intangible assets of $54.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and $58.8 million for the same period in the
prior year. The change in the brands and goodwill balances during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was due to the impact of foreign currency translation.  
      10  

Table of Contents  

   Note 7. Other Assets, net   
 Other assets, net consist of the following (in millions):      
    Note 8. Equity Method Investments   
 The aggregate carrying amount of our equity method investments was $152.8 million as of September 30, 2016 and $139.0 million as of
December 31, 2015 and is included as a component of other assets, net in our condensed consolidated balance sheets. Below are the names of the entities, country of operation and our equity interest in our significant equity method investments
based on the carrying value as of September 30, 2016.      

Entity   
    
  Country  
    
  Equity Interest  

TIMWEN Partnership  
    
 Canada 

50.00 
 %   
 
   Carrols Restaurant Group, Inc.  
    
 United States 

20.81 
 %   
 
   Pangaea Foods (China) Holdings, Ltd.  
    
 China 

27.50 
 %   
   With respect to our TH business, the most significant equity method investment is our 50% joint venture
interest with The Wendy s Company (the  TIMWEN Partnership ), which jointly holds real estate underlying Canadian combination restaurants. During the three months ended September 30, 2016, TH received $2.7 million in cash
distributions and recognized $5.1 million of contingent rent expense associated with this joint venture. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, TH received $8.3 million in cash distributions and recognized $14.7 million of contingent
rent expense associated with this joint venture.    The aggregate market value of our equity interest in Carrols Restaurant Group, Inc.,
based on the quoted market price on September 30, 2016, is approximately $124.4 million. No quoted market prices are available for our remaining equity method investments.  
 With respect to our BK operations, most of the entities in which we have an equity interest own or franchise BK restaurants. Franchise and
property revenue we recognized from franchisees that are owned or franchised by entities in which we have an equity interest consist of the following (in millions):      
   At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, we had $20.0 million and $23.9 million, respectively,
of accounts receivable from our equity method investments which were recorded in trade and notes receivable, net in our condensed consolidated balance sheets.  
 (Income) loss from equity method investments reflects our share of investee net income or loss, non-cash dilution gains or losses from changes
in our ownership interests in equity method investees and basis difference amortization. We recorded increases to the  
      11  

Table of Contents  

carrying value of our investment balances and non-cash dilution gains in the amounts of $11.6 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and $10.9 million during the nine months
ended September 30, 2015. The dilution gains resulted from the issuance of capital stock by Burger King France SAS ( France JV ) during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and BK Brasil Operacao E Assesoria A
Restaurantes S.A. ( Brazil JV ) during the nine months ended September 30, 2015, which reduced our ownership interests in these equity method investments. The dilution gains we recorded in connection with the issuance of capital
stock by the France JV and Brazil JV reflect adjustments to the differences between the amount of underlying equity in the net assets of equity method investees before and after their issuances of capital stock. 
  Note 9. Other Accrued Liabilities and Other Liabilities, net   
 Other accrued liabilities (current) and other liabilities, net (noncurrent) consist of the following (in millions):  

12  

Table of Contents  

   Note 10. Long-Term Debt   
 Long-term debt consists of the following (in millions):      
   As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, unamortized discount included $37.6 million and
$43.2 million, respectively, related to our secured term loans (the  Term Loan Facility ) under our credit agreement dated May 22, 2015 (the  2015 Amended Credit Agreement ).  
 As of September 30, 2016, deferred financing costs included $114.4 million related to the Term Loan Facility, $7.8 million related to the
first lien senior secured notes (the  2015 Senior Notes ) and $36.7 million related to the second lien senior secured notes (the  2014 Senior Notes ). As of December 31, 2015, deferred financing costs included $131.3 million
related to the Term Loan Facility, $9.0 million related to the 2015 Senior Notes and $40.8 million related to the 2014 Senior Notes. Deferred financing costs are amortized over the term of the debt into interest expense using the effective interest
method. The amortization of deferred financing costs included in interest expense, net was $7.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and $7.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The amortization of
deferred financing costs included in interest expense, net was $23.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and $18.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  
   Revolving Credit Facility      As of
September 30, 2016, we had no amounts outstanding under the revolving credit facility available under the 2015 Amended Credit Agreement (the  Revolving Credit Facility ). Funds available under the Revolving Credit Facility may be used
to repay other debt, to finance debt or share repurchases, to fund acquisitions or capital expenditures and for other general corporate purposes. We have a $125.0 million letter of credit sublimit as part of the Revolving Credit Facility, which
reduces our borrowing availability under this facility by the cumulative amount of outstanding letters of credit. As of September 30, 2016, we had $1.5 million of letters of credit issued against the Revolving Credit Facility and our borrowing
availability was $498.5 million.  
      13  

Table of Contents  

    Interest Expense, net    
 Interest expense, net consists of the following (in millions):      
    Note 11. Income Taxes   
 Our effective tax rate was 21.3% and 20.7% for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively. The effective tax rate
during these periods was primarily a result of the mix of income from multiple tax jurisdictions, partially offset by the favorable impact from intercompany financing.  
 Our effective tax rate was 19.6% and 30.1% for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. The effective tax rate
during these periods was primarily a result of the mix of income from multiple tax jurisdictions and the revaluation of certain monetary assets and liabilities due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates, partially offset by the favorable
impact from a restructuring of certain legal entities.     Note 12. Equity   
 Pursuant to the terms of the partnership agreement, RBI, as the holder of all of the Class A common units, is entitled to receive
distributions from Partnership in an amount equal to the aggregate dividends payable by RBI to holders of RBI common shares, and the holders of Partnership exchangeable units are entitled to receive distributions from Partnership in an amount per
Partnership exchangeable unit equal to the dividend payable by RBI on each RBI common share. Additionally, if RBI proposes to redeem, repurchase or otherwise acquire any RBI common shares, the partnership agreement requires that Partnership,
immediately prior to such redemption, repurchase or acquisition, make a distribution to RBI on the Class A common units in an amount sufficient for RBI to fund such redemption, repurchase or acquisition, as the case may be.  
 Each holder of a Partnership exchangeable unit is entitled to vote in respect of matters on which holders of RBI common shares are entitled to
vote through one special voting share of RBI. Since December 12, 2015, the one year anniversary of the effective date of the Transactions, each holder of a Partnership exchangeable unit may require Partnership to exchange all or any portion of
such holder s Partnership exchangeable units for RBI common shares at a ratio of one RBI common share for each Partnership exchangeable unit, subject to RBI s right as the general partner of Partnership, in its sole discretion, to deliver
a cash payment in lieu of RBI common shares. If RBI elects to make a cash payment in lieu of issuing RBI common shares, the amount of the payment will be the weighted average trading price of the RBI common shares on the New York Stock Exchange for
the 20 consecutive trading days ending on the last business day prior to the exchange date.  
      14  

Table of Contents  

  During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, Partnership exchanged 6,690,115 Partnership
exchangeable units pursuant to exchange notices received. In accordance with the terms of the partnership agreement, Partnership satisfied the exchange notices by exchanging these Partnership exchangeable units for the same number of newly issued
RBI common shares. The exchanges represented increases in RBI s ownership interest in Partnership and were accounted for as equity transactions, with no gain or loss recorded in the condensed consolidated statement of operations. Pursuant to
the terms of the partnership agreement, upon the exchange of Partnership exchangeable units, each such Partnership exchangeable unit is automatically deemed cancelled concurrently with such exchange.  
   Noncontrolling Interests      The
noncontrolling interest recognized in connection with the Restaurant VIEs of Tim Hortons was $4.4 million and $0.7 million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.  
 We adjust net income (loss) in our condensed consolidated statements of operations to exclude the noncontrolling interests  proportionate
share of results of operations. Also, we present the proportionate share of equity attributable to the noncontrolling interests as a separate component of equity within our condensed consolidated balance sheets.  
   Distributions Declared      As
described above, the partnership agreement requires Partnership to make distributions to RBI as the holder of all of the Class A common units in an amount equal to the aggregate dividends payable by RBI to holders of RBI common shares.
Additionally, the partnership agreement requires Partnership to make distributions to holders of Partnership exchangeable units in an amount per Partnership exchangeable unit equal to the dividend payable by RBI on each RBI common share. The terms
of the Class A 9.0% cumulative compounding perpetual voting preferred shares of RBI (the  Preferred Shares ) and the 2015 Amended Credit Agreement, 2015 Senior Notes Indenture, 2014 Senior Notes Indenture and applicable Canadian law
limit RBI s ability to pay cash dividends in certain circumstances.      Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)    
 The following table displays the changes in the components of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ( AOCI ) (in millions):

15  

Table of Contents  

  The following table displays the reclassifications out of AOCI (in millions):  

(a) 
 Refers to selling, general and administrative expenses in the condensed consolidated statements of operations.    
  Note 13. Fair Value Measurements     The
following table presents our assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis and the levels of inputs used to measure fair value, which include derivatives designated as cash flow hedging instruments and derivatives designated as
net investment hedges, as well as their location on our condensed consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 (in millions):      
   Our derivatives are valued using a discounted cash flow analysis that incorporates observable market
parameters, such as interest rate yield curves and currency rates, classified as Level 2 within the valuation hierarchy. Derivative valuations incorporate credit risk adjustments that are necessary to reflect the probability of default by us or the
counterparty.    At September 30, 2016, the fair value of our variable rate term debt and bonds was estimated at $8.8 billion,
compared to a principal carrying amount of $8.6 billion. At December 31, 2015, the fair value of our variable rate term debt and bonds was estimated at $8.7 billion, compared to a principal carrying amount of $8.6 billion. The
fair value of our variable rate term debt and bonds was estimated using inputs based on bid and offer prices and are Level 2 inputs within the fair value hierarchy.  
 Certain nonfinancial assets and liabilities are measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis. These assets and liabilities are not measured
at fair value on an ongoing basis but are subject to periodic impairment tests. These items primarily include long-lived assets, goodwill, the  Tim Hortons  brand, the  Burger King  brand and other intangible assets.  
      16  

Table of Contents  

   Note 14. Derivative Instruments   
   Disclosures about Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities    
 We enter into derivative instruments for risk management purposes, including derivatives designated as cash flow hedges, derivatives designated
as net investment hedges and those utilized as economic hedges. We use derivatives to manage exposure to fluctuations in interest rates and currency exchange rates. See Note 13 for fair value measurements of our derivative instruments.  
   Interest Rate Swaps   Outstanding as of September 30, 2016    
 During May 2015, we entered into a series of receive-variable, pay-fixed interest rate swaps to hedge the variability in the interest payments
on $2,500.0 million of our Term Loan Facility beginning May 28, 2015, through the expiration of the final swap on March 31, 2021. The notional value of the swaps is $2,500.0 million. There are six sequential interest rate swaps to achieve
the hedged position. Each year on March 31, the existing interest rate swap is scheduled to expire and be immediately replaced with a new interest rate swap until the expiration of the final swap on March 31, 2021. At inception, these
interest rate swaps were designated as a cash flow hedge for hedge accounting, and as such, the effective portion of unrealized changes in market value are recorded in AOCI and reclassified into earnings during the period in which the hedged
forecasted transaction affects earnings. Gains and losses from hedge ineffectiveness are recognized in current earnings.      Interest
Rate Swaps   Settled During 2015      The following derivative instruments were settled during May 2015. During November 2014, we
entered into a series of receive-variable, pay-fixed interest rate swaps to hedge the variability in the interest payments associated with our Term Loan Facility beginning April 1, 2015, through the expiration of the final swap on
March 31, 2021. The initial notional value of the swaps was $6,733.1 million, which initially aligned with the outstanding principal balance of the Term Loan Facility as of April 1, 2015, and was to be reduced quarterly in accordance with
the principal repayments of the Term Loan Facility. There were six sequential interest rate swaps to achieve the hedged position. Each year on March 31, the existing interest rate swap was scheduled to expire and be immediately replaced with a
new interest rate swap until the expiration of the arrangement on March 31, 2021. At inception, these interest rate swaps were designated as a cash flow hedge for hedge accounting, and as such, the effective portion of unrealized changes in
market value were recorded in AOCI and reclassified into earnings during the period in which the hedged forecasted transaction affects earnings. Gains and losses from hedge ineffectiveness were recognized in earnings. During the first quarter of
2015, we temporarily discontinued hedge accounting on the entire balance of these interest rate swaps as a result of a $42.7 million mandatory prepayment of our Term Loan Facility as well as changes to forecasted cash flows, and settled $42.7
million of these instruments equal to the amount of the mandatory prepayment of our Term Loan Facility. During this same period, of the remaining $6,690.4 million of notional outstanding, we re-designated $5,690.4 million of notional amount as a
cash flow hedge for hedge accounting and $1,000.0 million of notional amount was not designated for hedge accounting and as such changes in fair value on this portion of the interest rate swaps were recognized in earnings. During April 2015, in
order to offset the cash flows associated with our $1,000.0 million notional value receive-variable, pay-fixed interest rate swap that was not designated for hedge accounting, we entered into a pay-variable, receive-fixed mirror interest rate swap
with a notional value of $1,000.0 million and a maturity date of March 31, 2021.    The following derivative instruments were also
settled during May 2015. During October 2014, we entered into a series of receive-variable, pay-fixed interest rate swaps with a combined initial notional value of $6,750.0 million that was amortized each quarter at the same rate of the Term Loan
Facility. To offset the cash flows associated with these interest rate swaps, in November 2014 we entered into a series of receive-fixed, pay-variable mirror interest rate swaps with a combined initial notional value of $6,750.0 million that was
amortized each quarter at the same rate of the Term Loan Facility. For all of these derivative instruments, each year on March 31, the existing interest rate swap was scheduled to expire and be immediately replaced with a new interest rate swap
until the expiration of the arrangement on March 31, 2021. These interest rate swaps were not designated for hedge accounting and as such changes in fair value were recognized in earnings.  
 In connection with the interest rate swaps settled during May 2015, we paid $36.2 million, which is reflected as a use of cash from investing
activities in the condensed consolidated statement of cash flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The net unrealized loss remaining in AOCI totaled $84.6 million at the date of settlement and is being reclassified into interest
expense, net as the original hedged forecasted transaction affects earnings. The amount of pre-tax losses in AOCI as of September 30, 2016 that we expect to be reclassified into interest expense within the next 12 months is $12.5 million.  
      17  

Table of Contents  

    Cross-Currency Rate Swaps    
 To protect the value of our investments in our foreign operations against adverse changes in foreign currency exchange rates, we may, from time
to time, hedge a portion of our net investment in one or more of our foreign subsidiaries by using cross-currency rate swaps. We have designated cross-currency rate swap contracts between the Canadian dollar and U.S. dollar and the Euro and U.S.
dollar as net investment hedges of a portion of our equity in foreign operations in those currencies. The component of the gains and losses on our net investment in these designated foreign operations driven by changes in foreign exchange rates are
economically offset by movements in the fair value of our cross currency swap contracts. The fair value of the swaps is calculated each period with changes in fair value reported in AOCI net of tax. Such amounts will remain in AOCI until the
complete or substantially complete liquidation of our investment in the underlying foreign operations.    At September 30, 2016, we had
outstanding cross-currency rate swaps in which we pay quarterly between 4.802% and 7.002% on a tiered payment structure per annum on the Canadian dollar notional amount of C$5,641.7 million and receive quarterly between 3.948% and 6.525% on a tiered
payment structure per annum on the U.S. dollar notional amount of $5,000.0 million through the maturity date of March 31, 2021. At inception, these derivative instruments were not designated for hedge accounting and, as such, changes in fair
value were initially recognized in earnings. Beginning with the closing of the Transactions on December 12, 2014, we designated these cross-currency rate swaps as hedges and began accounting for these derivative instruments as net investment
hedges.    At September 30, 2016, we also had outstanding a cross-currency rate swap in which we pay quarterly fixed-rate interest
payments on the Euro notional amount of  1,107.8 million and receive quarterly fixed-rate interest payments on the U.S. dollar notional amount of $1,200.0 million through the maturity date of March 31, 2021. At inception, this
cross-currency rate swap was designated as a hedge and is accounted for as a net investment hedge.    During the nine months ended
September 30, 2015, we terminated our cross-currency rate swaps entered into prior to the Transactions with an aggregate notional value of $315.0 million. In connection with this termination, we received $52.1 million, which is reflected as a
source of cash provided by investing activities in the condensed consolidated statement of cash flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The net unrealized gains totaled $31.8 million as of the termination date. Such amounts will
remain in AOCI until the complete or substantially complete liquidation of our investment in the underlying foreign operations. At inception, these cross-currency rate swaps were designated as a hedge and were accounted for as net investment hedges.
A total notional value of $115.0 million of these swaps were contracts to exchange quarterly fixed-rate interest payments we make in Euros for quarterly fixed-rate interest payments we receive in U.S. dollars and had an original maturity of
October 19, 2016. A total notional value of $200.0 million of these swaps were contracts to exchange quarterly floating-rate interest payments we make in Euros based on EURIBOR for quarterly floating-rate interest payments we receive in U.S.
dollars based on LIBOR and had an original maturity of September 28, 2017. These cross-currency rate swaps also required the exchange of Euros and U.S. dollar principal payments upon maturity.  
   Foreign Currency Exchange Contracts    
 We use foreign exchange derivative instruments to manage the impact of foreign exchange fluctuations on U.S. dollar purchases and payments,
such as coffee made by our Canadian Tim Hortons operations. At September 30, 2016, we had outstanding forward currency contracts to manage this risk in which we sell Canadian dollars and buy U.S. dollars with a notional value of $149.2 million
with maturities to December 2017. We have designated these instruments as cash flow hedges, and as such, the effective portion of unrealized changes in market value are recorded in AOCI and are reclassified into earnings during the period in which
the hedged forecasted transaction affects earnings. Gains and losses from hedge ineffectiveness are recognized in current earnings.  
   Credit Risk      By
entering into derivative instrument contracts, we are exposed to counterparty credit risk. Counterparty credit risk is the failure of the counterparty to perform under the terms of the derivative contract. When the fair value of a derivative
contract is in an asset position, the counterparty has a liability to us, which creates credit risk for us. We attempt to minimize this risk by selecting counterparties with investment grade credit ratings and regularly monitoring our market
position with each counterparty.  
      18  

Table of Contents  

    Credit-Risk Related Contingent Features    
 Our derivative instruments do not contain any credit-risk related contingent features.  
 The following tables present the required quantitative disclosures for our derivative instruments (in millions):  
   
    Note 15. Franchise and Property Revenues   
 Franchise and property revenues consist of the following (in millions):  

19  

Table of Contents  

   Note 16. Other Operating Expenses (Income), net   
 Other operating expenses (income), net consist of the following (in millions):  
   
   Net losses (gains) on disposal of assets, restaurant closures and refranchisings for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 primarily reflects losses in connection with refranchisings in our TH business.    Net losses (gains) on derivatives
for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 is primarily due to changes in fair value related to interest rate swaps not designated for hedge accounting. These interest rate swaps were settled during May 2015.  
 Net losses (gains) on foreign exchange is primarily related to revaluation of foreign denominated assets and liabilities.  
  Note 17. Variable Interest Entities       VIEs for Which
We Are the Primary Beneficiary      The number of Restaurant VIEs where TH is the restaurants  primary beneficiary was as follows:
     
   Sales and operating costs and expenses associated with Restaurant VIEs, prior to consolidation adjustments,
were as follows (in millions):      
   The liabilities recognized as a result of consolidating these VIEs do not necessarily represent additional
claims on our general assets; rather, they represent claims against the specific assets of the consolidated VIEs. Conversely, assets recognized as a result of consolidating these VIEs do not represent additional assets that could be used to satisfy
claims by our creditors as they are not legally included within our general assets.      VIEs for Which We Are Not the Primary Beneficiary    
 We have investments in certain TH real estate ventures and certain TH and BK master franchisees, which were determined to be VIEs of which we
are not the primary beneficiary. We do not consolidate these entities as control is considered to be shared by both TH and the other joint owners in the case of the TH real estate ventures, or control rests with other parties in the case of TH and
BK master franchisee VIEs.  
      20  

Table of Contents  

   Note 18. Segment Reporting   
 Under the  Tim Hortons  brand, we operate in the donut/coffee/tea category of the quick service segment of the restaurant industry. Under
the  Burger King  brand, we operate in the fast food hamburger restaurant category of the quick service segment of the restaurant industry. We generate revenue from four sources: (i) sales exclusive to Tim Hortons franchisees related to
our supply chain operations, including manufacturing, procurement, warehousing and distribution, as well as sales to retailers; (ii) property revenues from properties we lease or sublease to franchisees; (iii) franchise revenues,
consisting primarily of royalties based on a percentage of sales reported by franchise restaurants and franchise fees paid by franchisees; and (iv) sales at Company restaurants.  
 We have two operating segments: (1) TH, which includes all operations of our  Tim Hortons  brand, and (2) BK, which includes
all operations of our  Burger King  brand. We also determined that our two operating segments represent our reportable segments.  
 Revenues by operating segment and country consist of the following (in millions):  
   
   Only Canada and the United States represented 10% or more of our total revenues in each period presented.  

      21  

Table of Contents  

  Our measure of segment income is Adjusted EBITDA. Adjusted EBITDA represents earnings (net income
or loss) before interest, (gain) loss on early extinguishment of debt, taxes, depreciation and amortization, adjusted to exclude the impact of share-based compensation and non-cash incentive compensation expense, other operating expenses (income),
net, (income) loss from equity method investments, net of cash distributions received from equity method investments, and all other specifically identified items that management believes are not relevant to management s assessment of operating
performance or the performance of an acquired business. Adjusted EBITDA assists management in comparing segment performance by removing the impact of such items, including acquisition accounting impact on cost of sales, TH transaction and
restructuring costs, and integration costs. A reconciliation of segment income to net income consists of the following (in millions):      

(a) 
 Represents (i) (income) loss from equity method investments and (ii) cash distributions received from our equity method investments. Cash distributions received from our equity method investments are included
in segment income.       Note 19. Supplemental Financial Information   
 On May 22, 2015, 1011778 B.C Unlimited Liability Company (the  Parent Issuer ) and New Red Finance Inc. (the
 Co-Issuer  and together with the Parent Issuer, the  Issuers ) entered into the 2015 Amended Credit Agreement. On May 22, 2015, the Issuers entered into an indenture (the  2015 Senior Notes Indenture ) with
respect to the 2015 Senior Notes. On October 8, 2014, the Issuers entered into an indenture (the  2014 Senior Notes Indenture ) with respect to the 2014 Senior Notes.  
 The 2015 Amended Credit Agreement, the 2015 Senior Notes Indenture and the 2014 Senior Notes Indenture allow the financial reporting
obligation of the Parent Issuer to be satisfied through the reporting of Partnership s consolidated financial information, provided that the consolidated financial information of the Parent Issuer and its restricted subsidiaries is presented on
a standalone basis.    The following represents the condensed consolidating financial information for the Parent Issuer and its restricted
subsidiaries ( Consolidated Borrowers ) on a consolidated basis, together with eliminations, as of and for the periods indicated. The condensed consolidating financial information of Partnership is combined with the financial information
of its wholly-owned subsidiaries that are also parent entities of the Parent Issuer and presented in a single column under the heading  RBILP . The consolidating financial information may not necessarily be indicative of the financial
position, results of operations or cash flows had the Issuers and Partnership operated as independent entities.  
      22  

Table of Contents  

   RESTAURANT BRANDS INTERNATIONAL LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AND SUBSIDIARIES   
 Condensed Consolidating Balance Sheets  
 (In millions)     As of
September 30, 2016       
 
      23  

Table of Contents  

   RESTAURANT BRANDS INTERNATIONAL LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AND SUBSIDIARIES   
 Condensed Consolidating Balance Sheets  
 (In millions)     As of
December 31, 2015       
 
      24  

Table of Contents  

   RESTAURANT BRANDS INTERNATIONAL LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AND SUBSIDIARIES   
 Condensed Consolidating Statements of Operations  
 (In millions)     Three Months
Ended September 30, 2016       
    RESTAURANT BRANDS INTERNATIONAL LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AND SUBSIDIARIES   
 Condensed Consolidating Statements of Operations  
 (In millions)     Nine Months Ended
September 30, 2016       
 
      25  

Table of Contents  

   RESTAURANT BRANDS INTERNATIONAL LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AND SUBSIDIARIES   
 Condensed Consolidating Statements of Operations  
 (In millions)     Three Months
Ended September 30, 2015       
    RESTAURANT BRANDS INTERNATIONAL LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AND SUBSIDIARIES   
 Condensed Consolidating Statements of Operations  
 (In millions)     Nine Months Ended
September 30, 2015       
 
      26  

Table of Contents  

   RESTAURANT BRANDS INTERNATIONAL LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AND SUBSIDIARIES   
 Condensed Consolidating Statements of Cash Flows  
 (In millions)     Nine Months Ended
September 30, 2016       
 
      27  

Table of Contents  

   RESTAURANT BRANDS INTERNATIONAL LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AND SUBSIDIARIES   
 Condensed Consolidating Statements of Cash Flows  
 (In millions)     Nine Months Ended
September 30, 2015       
 
      28  

Table of Contents  

   Note 20. Subsequent Event   
   Dividends      On October 4, 2016,
RBI paid a cash dividend of $0.16 per RBI common share to common shareholders of record on September 6, 2016. On such date, Partnership made a distribution to RBI as holder of all of the Class A common units in the amount of the aggregate
dividends declared and paid by RBI on RBI common shares and also made a distribution in respect of each Partnership exchangeable unit in the amount of $0.16 per Partnership exchangeable unit to holders of record on September 6, 2016. On
October 3, 2016, RBI paid a cash dividend of $0.98 per preferred share, for a total dividend of $67.5 million, to the holder of the preferred shares. The dividend on the preferred shares included the amount due for the third calendar quarter of
2016. Partnership made a distribution to RBI as holder of the Partnership preferred units in an equal amount on the same date.    On
October 24, 2016, the RBI board of directors declared a cash dividend of $0.17 per RBI common share, which will be paid on January 4, 2017 to RBI common shareholders of record on December 8, 2016. Partnership will make a distribution
to RBI as holder of all of the Class A common units in the amount of the aggregate dividends declared and paid by RBI on RBI common shares. Partnership will also make a distribution in respect of each Partnership exchangeable unit in the amount
of $0.17 per Partnership exchangeable unit, and the record date and payment date for such distribution will be the same as the record date and payment date for the cash dividend per RBI common share set forth above. On October 24, 2016, the RBI
board of directors declared a cash dividend of $0.98 per preferred share, for a total dividend of $67.5 million which will be paid to the holder of the preferred shares on January 3, 2017. The dividend on the preferred shares includes the
amount due for the fourth calendar quarter of 2016. Partnership will make a distribution to RBI as holder of the Partnership preferred units in an equal amount on the same date.  
      29  

Table of Contents  

         Item 2.    Management s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations       On December 12, 2014, a series of transactions (the
 Transactions ) were completed resulting in Burger King Worldwide, Inc., a Delaware corporation ( Burger King Worldwide ), and Tim Hortons Inc., a Canadian corporation ( Tim Hortons ), becoming indirect subsidiaries of
Restaurant Brands International Inc., a Canadian corporation ( RBI ), and Restaurant Brands International Limited Partnership, an Ontario limited partnership ( Partnership ).   
  Results for 2015 have been retrospectively adjusted to reflect the final purchase price allocation for Tim Hortons.   
  We are a subsidiary of RBI and the indirect parent of Tim Hortons and Burger King Worldwide. RBI is our sole general partner and owns all
of our outstanding Class A common units ( Class A common units ) and preferred units ( Partnership preferred units ). RBI has the exclusive right, power and authority to manage, control, administer and operate the business
and affairs and to make decisions regarding the undertaking and business of Partnership in accordance with the partnership agreement of Partnership (the  partnership agreement ) and applicable laws. There is no board of directors of
Partnership. RBI has established a conflicts committee composed entirely of  independent directors  (as such term is defined in the partnership agreement) in order to consent to, approve or direct various enumerated actions on behalf of
RBI (in its capacity as our general partner) in accordance with the terms of the partnership agreement.      You should read the
following discussion together with our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto included in Part I, Item 1  Financial Statements  of this report.   
  The following discussion includes information regarding future financial performance and plans, targets, aspirations, expectations, and
objectives of management, which constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and forward-looking information within the meaning of Canadian securities laws as described in further
detail under  Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements  set forth below. Actual results may differ materially from the results discussed in the forward-looking statements. Please refer to the risks and further discussion in the
 Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements  below.      We prepare our financial statements in accordance with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ( U.S. GAAP  or  GAAP ). However, this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations also contains certain non-GAAP
financial measures to assist readers in understanding our performance. Non-GAAP financial measures either exclude or include amounts that are not reflected in the most directly comparable measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP.
Where non-GAAP financial measures are used, we have provided the most directly comparable measures calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP, a reconciliation to GAAP measures and a discussion of the reasons that management believes this information
is useful to it and may be useful to investors.      Operating results for any one quarter are not necessarily indicative of results to
be expected for any other quarter or for the fiscal year and our key business measures, as discussed below, may decrease for any future period. Unless the context otherwise requires, all references in this section to the  Partnership, 
 we,   us,  or  our  are to Partnership and its subsidiaries, collectively. Unless otherwise stated, comparable sales growth and sales growth are presented on a system-wide basis, which means that these measures include
sales at both restaurants owned by us ( Company restaurants ) and franchise restaurants. Franchise sales represent sales at all franchise restaurants and are revenues to our franchisees. We do not record franchise sales as revenues;
however, our franchise revenues include royalties based on franchise sales. System-wide results are driven primarily by our franchise restaurants, as approximately 100% of current Tim Hortons and Burger King system-wide restaurants are franchised.
  
      30  

Table of Contents  

    Overview    
 We are a Canadian corporation originally formed on August 25, 2014 to serve as the indirect holding company for Tim Hortons and its
consolidated subsidiaries and Burger King Worldwide and its consolidated subsidiaries. We are one of the world s largest quick service restaurant ( QSR ) companies with over 19,000 restaurants in more than 100 countries and U.S.
territories as of September 30, 2016 and over 110 years of combined brand heritage. Our  Tim Hortons     and  Burger
King     brands have similar franchised business models with complementary daypart mixes. Our two iconic brands are managed independently while benefiting from global scale and sharing of
best practices.    Tim Hortons restaurants are quick service restaurants with a menu that includes premium blend coffee, tea, espresso-based
hot and cold specialty drinks, fresh baked goods, including donuts, Timbits   , bagels, muffins, cookies and pastries, grilled paninis, classic sandwiches, wraps, soups and more. Burger King
restaurants are quick service restaurants that feature flame-grilled hamburgers, chicken and other specialty sandwiches, french fries, soft drinks and other affordably-priced food items.  
 We generate revenue from four sources: (i) sales exclusive to Tim Hortons franchisees related to our supply chain operations, including
manufacturing, procurement, warehousing and distribution, as well as sales to retailers; (ii) property revenues from properties we lease or sublease to franchisees; (iii) franchise revenues, consisting primarily of royalties based on a
percentage of sales reported by franchise restaurants and franchise fees paid by franchisees; and (iv) sales at Company restaurants.  
 As discussed in Note 18 to the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements, we have two operating and reportable
segments: (1) Tim Hortons ( TH ) and (2) Burger King ( BK ).    Tim Hortons third quarter of fiscal year 2015
began June 29, 2015 and ended September 27, 2015. Tim Hortons first nine months of fiscal year 2015 began December 29, 2014 and ended September 27, 2015. The change to a calendar quarter end of September 30 in 2016
did not have a material impact on our results of operations or key financial measures.      Operating Metrics and Key Financial Measures    
 We evaluate our restaurants and assess our business based on the following operating metrics and key financial measures:  

System-wide sales growth refers to the change in sales at all franchise restaurants and Company restaurants in one period from the same period in the prior year.    

System-wide sales represent sales at all franchise restaurants and Company restaurants. We do not record franchise sales as revenues; however, our franchise revenues include royalties based on a percentage of franchise
sales.        

Comparable sales growth refers to the change in restaurant sales in one period from the same prior year period for restaurants that have been opened for thirteen months or longer.    

Net restaurant growth ( NRG ) represents the opening of new restaurants (other than limited service kiosks) during a stated period, net of closures. Commencing in the fourth quarter of 2015, we revised our
presentation of NRG to exclude limited service kiosks, with the revision applied retrospectively to the earliest period presented to provide period-to-period comparability.    

Adjusted EBITDA, a non-GAAP measure, which represents earnings (net income or loss) before interest, (gain) loss on early extinguishment of debt, taxes, depreciation and amortization, adjusted to exclude specifically
identified items that management believes are not relevant to management s assessment of operating performance. See  Non-GAAP Reconciliations .      
 System-wide sales growth and comparable sales growth are measured on a constant currency basis, which means the results exclude the effect of
foreign currency translation ( FX Impact ). For system-wide sales growth and comparable sales growth, we calculate the FX Impact by translating prior year results at current year monthly average exchange rates. For items included in our
results of operations, we calculate the FX Impact by translating current year results at prior year monthly average exchange rates. We analyze certain financial measures on a constant currency basis as this helps identify underlying business trends,
without distortion from the effects of currency movements.  
      31  

Table of Contents  

   Recent Events and Factors Affecting Comparability   
   Integration Costs      In connection
with the implementation of initiatives to integrate the back-office processes of TH and BK to enhance efficiencies, we incurred $4.4 million and $10.4 million related to these initiatives during the three and nine months ended September 30,
2016, respectively, primarily consisting of professional fees.     TH Transaction and Restructuring Costs    
 In connection with the Transactions and a series of post-closing transactions during 2015 that resulted in changes to our legal and capital
structure, we incurred certain non-recurring selling, general and administrative expenses during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively, consisting of the following:  

Financing, legal and advisory fees, share-based compensation expense due to accelerated vesting of equity awards as a result of the Transactions and integration costs related to a realignment of our global structure to
better accommodate the needs of the combined business, totaling $18.3 million and $51.5 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively;    

Severance benefits, other compensation costs and training expenses of approximately $6.0 million and $26.0 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively, related to a restructuring
plan we implemented following the Transactions, which resulted in work force reductions throughout our TH business; and        
    Results of Operations for the Three and Nine
Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015     Tabular amounts in millions of U.S. dollars unless noted otherwise.  
   Consolidated        
   NM   Not meaningful  
      32  

Table of Contents  

(b) 
 Restaurant count excludes 436 and 501 limited service kiosks as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. NRG excludes limited service kiosks. Commencing in the fourth quarter of 2015, we revised our
presentation of restaurant counts to exclude limited service kiosks, with the revision applied retrospectively to the earliest period presented to provide period-to-period comparability.    
  Comparable Sales Growth     TH global system
comparable sales growth of 2.0% and 3.3% during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, reflects new product launches.  
 BK global system comparable sales growth of 1.7% and 2.2% during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively,
reflects successful product launches and promotions.     Sales and Cost of Sales   
 Sales include TH supply chain sales and sales from Company restaurants. TH supply chain sales represent sales of products, supplies and
restaurant equipment, other than equipment sales related to initial restaurant establishment or renovations that are shipped directly from our warehouses or by third-party distributors to restaurants or retailers, as well as sales to retailers.
Sales from Company restaurants, including sales by our consolidated TH Restaurant VIEs (see Note 2 to the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements for additional information on Restaurant VIEs), represent restaurant-level
sales to our guests.    Cost of sales includes costs associated with the management of our TH supply chain, including cost of goods, direct
labor and  
      33  

Table of Contents  

depreciation, as well as the cost of goods delivered by third-party distributors to the restaurants for which we manage the supply chain logistics, and for products sold through retailers. Cost
of sales also includes food, paper and labor costs of Company restaurants, which are principally costs incurred by our consolidated TH Restaurant VIEs.  
 During the three months ended September 30, 2016, the increase in sales was driven by an increase in our TH segment of $40.4 million and
a favorable FX Impact of $0.5 million, partially offset by a decrease in our BK segment of $0.4 million.    During the nine months ended
September 30, 2016, the increase in sales was driven by an increase in our TH segment of $91.4 million, partially offset by an unfavorable FX Impact of $67.1 million and a decrease in our BK segment of $2.0 million.  
 During the three months ended September 30, 2016, the increase in cost of sales was driven by an increase in our TH segment of $7.9
million and in our BK segment of $0.5 million. There was no FX impact.    During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the decrease
in cost of sales was driven by a favorable FX Impact of $53.5 million and decreases in our TH segment of $19.9 million and in our BK segment of $2.2 million.  
  Franchise and Property     Franchise and
property revenues consist primarily of royalties earned on franchise sales, rents from real estate leased or subleased to franchisees, franchise fees, revenues derived from equipment packages at establishment of a restaurant and in connection with
renewal or renovation, and other revenue. Franchise and property expenses consist primarily of depreciation of properties leased to franchisees, rental expense associated with properties subleased to franchisees, costs of equipment packages sold at
establishment of a restaurant and in connection with renewal or renovation, amortization of franchise agreement and bad debt expense (recoveries).  
 During the three months ended September 30, 2016, the increase in franchise and property revenues was driven by increases in our TH
segment of $11.1 million and in our BK segment of $8.0 million, partially offset by an unfavorable FX Impact of $3.6 million.    During the
nine months ended September 30, 2016, the increase in franchise and property revenues was driven by increases in our BK segment of $37.5 million and in our TH segment of $25.1 million, partially offset by an unfavorable FX Impact of $45.7
million.    During the three months ended September 30, 2016, the decrease in franchise and property expenses was driven by decreases
in our BK segment of $2.7 million and a favorable FX Impact of $0.4 million, partially offset by increases in our TH segment of $0.6 million.  
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the decrease in franchise and property expenses was driven by decreases in our TH
segment of $19.1 million and in our BK segment of $4.6 million and a favorable FX Impact of $11.3 million.     Selling, General and Administrative
Expenses     Our selling, general and administrative expenses were comprised of the following:  
   
   NM   Not meaningful  
      34  

Table of Contents  

  Selling expenses consist primarily of Company restaurant advertising fund contributions. The
decrease in selling expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 was primarily a result of a decrease in advertising fund contributions from TH Restaurant VIEs driven by a decrease in the number of Restaurant VIEs from the
prior year period.    Management general and administrative expenses ( Management G A ) are comprised primarily of salary and
employee related costs for our non-restaurant employees, professional fees, information technology systems, and general overhead for our corporate offices. The increase in Management G A for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was
driven primarily by increases in expenses related to new master franchisees, partially offset by favorable FX Impact. The decrease in Management G A for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was driven primarily by decreases in salaries
and benefits, and by favorable FX Impact.    During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the decrease in share-based
compensation and non-cash incentive compensation expense was due primarily to the decrease of $2.7 million and $10.4 million related to the remeasurement of liability-classified stock options to fair value for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2015, respectively, and the non-recurrence of $4.6 million related to a stock option modification during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, partially offset by additional share-based awards granted during
2016 and 2015. During 2015, we modified a portion of liability-classified awards that resulted in a change in classification of the awards from liability to equity and as such these modified awards are no longer being revalued after the modification
date.     (Income) Loss from Equity Method Investments   
 (Income) loss from equity method investments reflects our share of investee net income or loss, non-cash dilution gains or losses from changes
in our ownership interests in equity method investees and basis difference amortization.    The change in (income) loss from equity method
investments during the three months ended September 30, 2016 was driven primarily by improved earnings for Carrols Restaurant Group, Inc. The change in (income) loss from equity method investments during the nine months ended September 30,
2016 was driven primarily by improved earnings for Carrols Restaurant Group, Inc. and Pangea Foods (China) Holdings, Ltd.     Other Operating Expenses
(Income), net     Our other operating expenses (income), net were comprised of the following:  
   
   Net losses (gains) on disposal of assets, restaurant closures and refranchisings for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 primarily reflects losses in connection with refranchisings in our TH business.    Net losses (gains) on derivatives
for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 is primarily due to changes in fair value related to interest rate swaps not designated for hedge accounting. These interest rate swaps were settled during May 2015.  
 Net losses (gains) on foreign exchange is primarily related to revaluation of foreign denominated assets and liabilities.  
      35  

Table of Contents  

   Interest Expense, net   
 Our interest expense, net and weighted average interest rate on our long-term debt were as follows:  
   
   During the three months ended September 30, 2016, there was an increase in interest expense, net compared
to the prior year period primarily due to an increase in our weighted average interest rate. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, interest expense, net decreased compared to the prior year period primarily due to a decrease in
outstanding debt as a result of term loan prepayments in May 2015.     Income Tax Expense   
 Our effective tax rate was 21.3% and 20.7% for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively. The effective tax rate
during these periods was primarily a result of the mix of income from multiple tax jurisdictions, partially offset by the favorable impact from intercompany financing.  
 Our effective tax rate was 19.6% and 30.1% for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. The effective tax rate
during these periods was primarily a result of the mix of income from multiple tax jurisdictions and the revaluation of certain monetary assets and liabilities as a result of changes in foreign currency exchange rates, partially offset by the
favorable impact from a restructuring of certain legal entities.     Net Income   
 We reported net income of $238.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to net income of $182.9 million for the
three months ended September 30, 2015, primarily as a result of an increase in income from operations of $76.5 million, partially offset by an increase in income tax expense of $19.9 million. The increase in income from operations was primarily
driven by an increase in sales, an increase in franchise and property revenues and a decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses.  
 We reported net income of $654.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to net income of $327.2 million for the
nine months ended September 30, 2015, primarily as a result of an increase in income from operations of $304.9 million, the non-recurrence of $40.0 million loss on early extinguishment of debt, and a decrease in interest expense, net of $12.7
million, partially offset by an increase in income tax expense of $30.3 million. The increase in income from operations was primarily driven by a decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses, a decrease in cost of sales, a decrease in
other operating expenses (income), net, a decrease in franchise and property expenses, an increase in sales and an increase in franchise and property revenues.  
      36  

Table of Contents  

    Non-GAAP Reconciliations    
 The table below contains information regarding EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA, which are non-GAAP measures, which do not have a standardized
meaning under U.S. GAAP and may differ from similar captioned measures of other companies in our industry. We believe that these non-GAAP measures are useful to investors in assessing our operating performance, as it provides them with the same
tools that management uses to evaluate our performance and is responsive to questions we receive from both investors and analysts. By disclosing these non-GAAP measures, we intend to provide investors with a consistent comparison of our operating
results and trends for the periods presented. EBITDA is defined as earnings (net income or loss) before interest, (gain) loss on early extinguishment of debt, taxes, and depreciation and amortization and is used by management to measure operating
performance of the business. Adjusted EBITDA is defined as EBITDA excluding the non-cash impact of share-based compensation and non-cash incentive compensation expense and (income) loss from equity method investments, net of cash distributions
received from equity method investments, as well as other operating expenses (income), net. Other specifically identified costs associated with non-recurring projects are also excluded from Adjusted EBITDA, including acquisition accounting impact on
cost of sales, Tim Hortons transaction and restructuring costs and integration costs, each of which is associated with the acquisition of Tim Hortons. Adjusted EBITDA is used by management to measure operating performance of the business, excluding
these non-cash and other specifically identified items that management believes are not relevant to management s assessment of operating performance or the performance of an acquired business. Adjusted EBITDA, as defined above, also represents
our measure of segment income.      
   NM   Not meaningful      

(a) 
 Represents (i) (income) loss from equity method investments and (ii) cash distributions received from our equity method investments. Cash distributions received from our equity method investments are included
in segment income.      Adjusted EBITDA for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased over the prior
periods primarily due to increases in segment income in our TH and BK segments.    EBITDA for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016 increased over the prior year periods primarily due to increases in segment income in our TH and BK segments, the non-recurrence of TH transaction and restructuring costs, favorable results from the impact of equity method
investments, a decrease in share-based compensation and non-cash incentive compensation and favorable results from other operating expenses (income), net, partially offset by integration costs recognized in the current period.  
      37  

Table of Contents  

    Results of Operations for TH Segment for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015

(a) 
 Includes Restaurant VIEs.    

(b) 
 Segment selling, general and administrative expenses ( Segment SG A ) consists of segment selling expenses and management general and administrative expenses.    

(c) 
 Segment depreciation and amortization consists of depreciation and amortization included in cost of sales and franchise and property expenses.    

(d) 
 Segment income for the three months ended September 30, 2016 includes $2.9 million of cash distributions received from equity method investments. Segment income for the three months ended September 30, 2015
excludes ($0.3) million of acquisition accounting impact on cost of sales and includes $3.7 million of cash distributions received from equity method investments.    
  Sales and Cost of Sales     During the three
months ended September 30, 2016, the increase in sales was driven primarily by an increase in supply chain sales of $61.6 million due to system-wide sales growth of 4.8%, an increase in retail sales and favorable FX Impact, partially offset by
a decrease in Company restaurant revenue of $21.2 million driven primarily by the conversion of Restaurant VIEs to franchise restaurants.  
 During the three months ended September 30, 2016, the increase in cost of sales was driven primarily by an increase in supply chain cost
of sales of $25.3 million driven by an increase in supply chain sales as described above, partially offset by supply chain cost savings derived from effective cost management. This increase was partially offset by a decrease in Company restaurant
cost of sales of $17.4 million primarily due to the conversion of Restaurant VIEs to franchise restaurants.     Franchise and Property   
 During the three months ended September 30, 2016, the increase in franchise and property revenue was driven by an increase in royalties
and property revenues of $11.9 million primarily due to NRG of 148 restaurants during the trailing twelve-month period, comparable sales growth, new leases and subleases associated with additional restaurants leased or subleased to franchisees as a
result of converting Restaurant VIEs to franchise restaurants and favorable FX Impact. These factors were partially offset by a decrease in franchise fees and other revenue of $0.8 million.  
 During the three months ended September 30, 2016, the increase in franchise and property expenses was not meaningful.  
  Segment SG A     During the three months
ended September 30, 2016, Segment SG A decreased primarily due to a decrease in selling expenses as a result of a decrease in advertising fund contributions driven by a decrease in the number of Restaurant VIEs from the prior year period
and favorable FX Impact.     Segment Income   
 During the three months ended September 30, 2016, segment income increased primarily due to an increase in sales net of cost of sales and
an increase in franchise and property revenues net of expenses.  
      38  

Table of Contents  

    Results of Operations for TH Segment for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015

(e) 
 Segment income for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 includes $9.0 million of cash distributions received from equity method investments. Segment income for the nine months ended September 30, 2015
excludes $0.5 million of acquisition accounting impact on cost of sales and includes $10.0 million of cash distributions received from equity method investments.    
  Sales and Cost of Sales     During the nine
months ended September 30, 2016, the increase in sales was driven primarily by an increase in supply chain sales of $164.8 million due to system-wide sales growth of 6.1% and an increase in retail sales, partially offset by a decrease in
Company restaurant revenue of $73.4 million driven primarily by the conversion of Restaurant VIEs to franchise restaurants and unfavorable FX Impact.  
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the decrease in cost of sales was driven primarily by a decrease in Company restaurant
cost of sales of $62.2 million primarily due to the conversion of Restaurant VIEs to franchise restaurants and favorable FX Impact. These decreases were partially offset by an increase in supply chain cost of sales of $42.3 million driven by an
increase in supply chain sales as described above, partially offset by supply chain cost savings derived from effective cost management.     Franchise and
Property     During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the decrease in franchise and property revenue was driven by a decrease
in franchise fees and other revenue of $15.0 million driven by a decrease in sales of equipment packages and unfavorable FX Impact. These factors were partially offset by an increase in royalties and property revenues of $40.1 million primarily due
to NRG of 148 restaurants during the trailing twelve-month period, comparable sales growth, and new leases and subleases associated with additional restaurants leased or subleased to franchisees as a result of converting Restaurant VIEs to franchise
restaurants.    During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the decrease in franchise and property expenses was driven primarily
by a decrease in the costs related to sale of equipment packages and favorable FX Impact.     Segment SG A   
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, Segment SG A decreased primarily due to a decrease in salaries and benefits, a
decrease in selling expenses as a result of a decrease in advertising fund contributions driven by a decrease in the number of Restaurant VIEs from the prior year period and favorable FX Impact.  
  Segment Income     During the nine months
ended September 30, 2016, segment income increased primarily due to an increase in sales net of cost of sales, an increase in franchise and property revenues net of expenses, and a decrease in Segment SG A, partially offset by unfavorable
FX Impact.  
      39  

Table of Contents  

    Results of Operations for BK Segment for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015
       
    Franchise and Property   
 During the three months ended September 30, 2016, the increase in franchise and property revenue was driven primarily by an increase in
royalties of $14.7 million primarily due to NRG of 574 restaurants during the trailing twelve-month period and comparable sales growth, partially offset by a decrease in renewal franchise fees and an unfavorable FX Impact.  
 During the three months ended September 30, 2016, the decrease in franchise and property expenses was driven primarily by a decrease in
rent expense related to leases that were assigned to franchisees during 2015, a decrease in other franchise expenses and favorable FX Impact.     Segment
SG A     During the three months ended September 30, 2016, Segment SG A increased primarily due to an increase in expenses
related to new master franchisees, partially offset by a favorable FX Impact.     Segment Income   
 During the three months ended September 30, 2016, segment income increased primarily due to an increase in franchise and property revenues
net of expenses, partially offset by an increase in Segment SG A, a decrease in sales net of cost of sales and unfavorable FX Impact.      Results
of Operations for BK Segment for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015        
    Franchise and Property   
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the increase in franchise and property revenue was driven primarily by an increase in
royalties of $44.8 million primarily due to NRG of 574 restaurants during the trailing twelve-month period and comparable sales growth, partially offset by a decrease in renewal franchise fees and an unfavorable FX Impact.  
      40  

Table of Contents  

  During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the decrease in franchise and property
expenses was driven primarily by a decrease in rent expense related to leases that were assigned to franchisees during 2015, a decrease in other franchise expenses and favorable FX Impact.  
  Segment SG A     During the nine months
ended September 30, 2016, Segment SG A increased primarily due to an increase in salary and benefits, partially offset by a favorable FX Impact.  
  Segment Income     During the nine months
ended September 30, 2016, segment income increased primarily due to an increase in franchise and property revenues net of expenses, partially offset by an increase in Segment SG A and unfavorable FX Impact.  
  Liquidity and Capital Resources     Our
primary sources of liquidity are cash on hand, cash generated by operations and borrowings available under our Revolving Credit Facility (as defined below). We have used, and may in the future use, our liquidity to make required interest and/or
principal payments, to pay distributions on our Partnership preferred units to allow RBI to pay dividends on its Preferred Shares (as defined below), to repurchase RBI common shares, to repurchase Class B exchangeable limited partnership units
( Partnership exchangeable units ), to voluntarily prepay and repurchase our or one of our affiliate s outstanding debt, to fund our investing activities and to pay dividends on RBI common shares and distributions on Partnership
exchangeable units. As a result of our borrowings, we are highly leveraged. Our liquidity requirements are significant, primarily due to debt service and the cash distribution requirements of Partnership preferred units.  
 At September 30, 2016, we had cash and cash equivalents of $1,228.6 million and working capital of $641.5 million. In addition, at
September 30, 2016, we had borrowing availability of $498.5 million under our Revolving Credit Facility. Based on our current level of operations and available cash, we believe our cash flow from operations, combined with availability under our
Revolving Credit Facility, will provide sufficient liquidity to fund our current obligations, Preferred Share dividends, debt service requirements and capital spending over the next twelve months.  
 At September 30, 2016, approximately 13% of our consolidated cash and cash equivalents balances were held in tax jurisdictions other than
Canada and the U.S. Undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries for periods prior to the Transactions are considered indefinitely reinvested for U.S. income tax purposes. Subsequent to the Transactions, we record a deferred tax liability for
earnings of foreign subsidiaries with U.S. parent companies when such amounts are not considered permanently reinvested and would be subject to tax in the U.S. upon repatriation of cash.  
 On August 2, 2016, the RBI board of directors approved a share repurchase authorization wherein RBI may purchase up to $300 million of
RBI common shares over the next 5 years. Repurchases under RBI s new authorization will be made in the open market or through privately negotiated transactions. If RBI repurchases any RBI common shares, pursuant to the partnership
agreement, Partnership will, immediately prior to such repurchase, make a distribution to RBI on its Common Units in an amount sufficient for RBI to fund such repurchase.  
   Debt Instruments and Debt Service Requirements    
  Our long-term debt is comprised primarily of borrowings under our 2015 Amended Credit Agreement, amounts outstanding under our 2015 Senior
Notes, 2014 Senior Notes and Tim Hortons Notes (each as defined below), and obligations under capital leases. For further information about our long-term debt, see Note 10 to the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements
included in this report.       2015 Amended Credit Agreement    
 As of September 30, 2016, there was $5,059.0 million outstanding principal amount of secured term loans (the  Term Loan
Facility ) under our credit agreement dated May 22, 2015 (the  2015 Amended Credit Agreement ). As of September 30, 2016, the interest rate was 3.75% on our Term Loan Facility. Based on the amounts outstanding under the Term
Loan Facility and the three-month LIBOR rate as of September 30, 2016, subject to a floor of 1.00%, required debt service for the next twelve months is estimated to be approximately $192.1 million in interest payments and $34.3 million in
principal payments. In addition, as of September 30, 2016, net cash settlements that we expect to pay on our $2,500.0 million interest rate swap are estimated to be approximately $19.3 million for the next twelve months.  
      41  

Table of Contents  

  As of September 30, 2016, we had no amounts outstanding under the revolving credit facility
available under the 2015 Amended Credit Agreement (the  Revolving Credit Facility ). Funds available under the Revolving Credit Facility for future borrowings may be used to repay other debt, finance debt or share repurchases,
acquisitions, capital expenditures and other general corporate purposes. We have a $125.0 million letter of credit sublimit as part of the Revolving Credit Facility, which reduces our borrowing capacity under this facility by the cumulative amount
of outstanding letters of credit. As of September 30, 2016, we had $1.5 million of letters of credit issued against the Revolving Credit Facility and our borrowing availability was $498.5 million.  
   2015 Senior Notes      Two of our
subsidiaries (the  Borrowers ) are parties to an indenture dated May 22, 2015 (the  2015 Senior Notes Indenture ) in connection with the issuance of $1,250.0 million of 4.625% first lien senior secured notes due
January 15, 2022 (the  2015 Senior Notes ). The 2015 Senior Notes bear interest at a rate of 4.625% per annum and are payable semi-annually on January 15 and July 15 of each year. At September 30, 2016, we had
outstanding $1,250.0 million of 2015 Senior Notes. No principal payments are due until maturity. Based on the amount outstanding at September 30, 2016, required debt service for the next twelve months on the 2015 Senior Notes is $57.8 million
in interest payments.      2014 Senior Notes    
 The Borrowers are parties to an indenture dated October 8, 2014 (the  2014 Senior Notes Indenture ) in connection with the
issuance of $2,250.0 million of 6.00% second lien senior secured notes due April 1, 2022 (the  2014 Senior Notes ). The 2014 Senior Notes bear interest at a rate of 6.00% per annum, payable semi-annually on April 1 and
October 1 of each year. At September 30, 2016, we had outstanding $2,250.0 million of 2014 Senior Notes. No principal payments are due until maturity. Based on the amount outstanding at September 30, 2016, required debt service for
the next twelve months on the 2014 Senior Notes is $135.0 million in interest payments.      Tim Hortons Notes    
 At September 30, 2016, we had notes outstanding with the following carrying values and terms: (i) C$48.0 million of 4.20% Senior
Unsecured Notes, Series 1, due June 1, 2017, (ii) C$2.6 million of 4.52% Senior Unsecured Notes, Series 2, due December 1, 2023 and (iii) C$3.9 million of 2.85% Senior Unsecured Notes, Series 3, due April 1, 2019
(collectively, the  Tim Hortons Notes ). No principal payments are due until maturity. Based on the amounts outstanding at September 30, 2016, required debt service for the next twelve months on the Tim Hortons Notes is C$2.2 million
in interest payments and C$48.0 million in principal payments.    As of September 30, 2016, we were in compliance with all covenants of
the 2015 Amended Credit Agreement, the 2015 Senior Notes Indenture, the 2014 Senior Notes Indenture and the indenture governing the Tim Hortons Notes, and there were no limitations on our ability to draw on our Revolving Credit Facility.  
   Partnership Preferred Units      In
connection with the Transactions, we issued 68,530,939 preferred units ( Partnership preferred units ) to RBI, which are entitled to receive preferred distributions from Partnership that correspond to preferred dividends paid by RBI on the
68,530,939 Class A 9.0% cumulative compounding perpetual voting preferred shares of RBI ( Preferred Shares ) that were sold by RBI to a subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway Inc. ( Berkshire ).  
 The distribution provisions of the partnership agreement requiring Partnership to fund the redemption of the Preferred Shares represent an in
substance redemption provision of the Partnership preferred units and Partnership s lack of control over this distribution provision results in the requirement for Partnership to classify the Partnership preferred units as temporary equity.
     Distribution Entitlements    
 Under the terms of the partnership agreement, if a dividend has been declared and is payable in respect of the Preferred Shares, Partnership
must make a distribution in respect of the Partnership preferred units in an amount equal to the aggregate amount of dividends payable in respect of the Preferred Shares. The holders of the Preferred Shares are entitled to receive, as and when
declared by the board of directors of RBI, cumulative cash dividends at an annual rate of 9.0% on the amount of the purchase price per Preferred Share, payable quarterly in arrears ( regular quarterly dividends ). Such dividends accrue
daily on a cumulative basis, whether or not declared by RBI s board of directors. If any such dividend or make-whole dividend is not paid in full on the scheduled payment date or the required payment date, as applicable (the unpaid portion,
 past due dividends ), additional cash dividends ( additional dividends ) shall accrue daily on a cumulative basis on past due dividends at an annual rate of 9.0%, compounded  
      42  

Table of Contents  

quarterly, whether or not such additional dividends are declared by the board of directors of RBI, until the date the same are declared by the board of directors of RBI and paid in cash to the
holders of the Preferred Shares. While the board of directors of RBI has declared, and RBI has paid, regular quarterly dividends on the Preferred Shares every quarter since the three months ended March 31, 2015, the board of directors of RBI
can elect not to declare such dividends in the future and, in such event, additional dividends will accrue on any past due dividends as set forth above.  
   Redemption      If RBI redeems,
repurchases or otherwise acquires any Preferred Shares for cash, the partnership agreement requires that Partnership, immediately prior to such redemption, repurchase or acquisition, make a distribution to RBI on its Partnership preferred units in
an amount sufficient for RBI to fund such redemption, repurchase or acquisition, as the case may be. The Preferred Shares may be redeemed at RBI s option, in whole or in part, at any time on and after the third anniversary of their original
issuance on the closing date of the Transactions. After the tenth anniversary of the original issue date, holders of not less than a majority of the outstanding Preferred Shares may cause RBI to redeem the Preferred Shares at a 109.9% premium, or a
redemption price of $48.109657 per Preferred Share, plus accrued and unpaid dividends and unpaid make-whole dividends. Holders of Preferred Shares also hold a contingently exercisable option to cause RBI to redeem their Preferred Shares at the
redemption price in the event of a change in control.      Cash Distributions    
 On April 4, 2016, RBI paid a dividend of $0.14 per RBI common share. On the same date, Partnership made a distribution to RBI as holder of
Class A common units in the amount of the aggregate dividends declared and paid by RBI on RBI common shares and also made a distribution in respect of each Partnership exchangeable unit in the amount of $0.14 per Partnership exchangeable unit.
On April 1, 2016, RBI paid a dividend of $0.98 per Preferred Share, for a total of $67.5 million, which included the amount due for the first calendar quarter of 2016. Partnership made a distribution to RBI as holder of the Partnership
preferred units in an equal amount on the same date.    On July 6, 2016, RBI paid a dividend of $0.15 per RBI common share. On the same
date, Partnership made a distribution to RBI as holder of Class A common units in the amount of the aggregate dividends declared and paid by RBI on RBI common shares and also made a distribution in respect of each Partnership exchangeable unit
in the amount of $0.15 per Partnership exchangeable unit. On July 5, 2016, RBI paid a dividend of $0.98 per Preferred Share, for a total of $67.5 million, which included the amount due for the second calendar quarter of 2016. Partnership made a
distribution to RBI as holder of the Partnership preferred units in an equal amount on the same date.    On October 4, 2016, RBI paid a
dividend of $0.16 per RBI common share. On the same date, Partnership made a distribution to RBI as holder of Class A common units in the amount of the aggregate dividends declared and paid by RBI on RBI common shares and also made a
distribution in respect of each Partnership exchangeable unit in the amount of $0.16 per Partnership exchangeable unit. On October 3, 2016, RBI paid a dividend of $0.98 per Preferred Share, for a total of $67.5 million, which included the
amount due for the third calendar quarter of 2016. Partnership made a distribution to RBI as holder of the Partnership preferred units in an equal amount on the same date.  
 On October 24, 2016, the RBI board of directors declared a cash dividend of $0.17 per RBI common share, which will be paid on
January 4, 2017 to RBI common shareholders of record on December 8, 2016. Partnership will make a distribution to RBI as holder of all of the Class A common units in the amount of the aggregate dividends declared and paid by RBI on
RBI common shares. Partnership will also make a distribution in respect of each Partnership exchangeable unit in the amount of $0.17 per Partnership exchangeable unit, and the record date and payment date for such distribution will be the same as
the record date and payment date for the cash dividend per RBI common share set forth above. On October 24, 2016, the RBI board of directors declared a cash dividend of $0.98 per preferred share, for a total dividend of $67.5 million which will
be paid to the holder of the preferred shares on January 3, 2017. The dividend on the preferred shares includes the amount due for the fourth calendar quarter of 2016. Partnership will make a distribution to RBI as holder of the Partnership
preferred units in an equal amount on the same date.    No dividend may be declared or paid on RBI common shares or Partnership exchangeable
units until a dividend is declared or paid on the Preferred Shares. In addition, if holders of at least a majority of the outstanding Preferred Shares have delivered a notice to exercise their right to have RBI redeem the Preferred Shares, no
dividend may be declared or paid on RBI common shares or Partnership exchangeable units (except that dividends declared on RBI common shares and Partnership exchangeable units prior to the date of such delivery may be paid) unless on the date of
such declaration or payment all Preferred Shares subject to such notice have been redeemed in full.    In addition, because we are a holding
company, our ability to pay cash distributions on our Partnership exchangeable units may be  
      43  

Table of Contents  

limited by restrictions under our debt agreements. Although we do not have a distribution policy, we may, subject to compliance with the covenants contained in our debt agreements and other
considerations, determine to pay distributions in the future. We expect to pay all distributions from cash generated from our operations.  
   Outstanding Security Data      As of
October 20, 2016, we had outstanding 202,006,067 Class A common units issued to RBI, 68,530,939 Partnership preferred units issued to RBI and 227,049,533 Partnership exchangeable units. One special voting share of RBI is held by a trustee,
entitling the trustee to that number of votes on matters on which holders of RBI common shares are entitled to vote equal to the number of Partnership exchangeable units outstanding. The trustee is required to cast such votes in accordance with
voting instructions provided by holders of Partnership exchangeable units. At any shareholder meeting of RBI, holders of RBI common shares vote together as a single class with the Preferred Shares and the special voting share, except as otherwise
provided by law. For information on equity-based compensation and our outstanding equity awards, see Note 19 to our audited consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of our Annual Report filed with the SEC and Canadian securities
regulatory authorities on February 26, 2016.    Since December 12, 2015, the holders of Partnership exchangeable units have had
the right to require Partnership to exchange all or any portion of such holder s Partnership exchangeable units for RBI common shares at a ratio of one common share for each Partnership exchangeable unit, subject to RBI s right as the
general partner of Partnership, in its sole discretion, to determine to settle any such exchange for a cash payment in lieu of RBI common shares.  
   Comparative Cash Flows       Operating Activities
    Cash provided by operating activities was $905.8 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $950.4
million during the same period in the prior year. The decrease in cash provided by operating activities was driven by the reclassification of restricted cash to cash and cash equivalents during 2015 and changes in working capital, partially offset
by an increase in net income, excluding non-cash adjustments.     Investing Activities   
 Cash provided by investing activities was $19.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to cash used for investing
activities of $40.0 million during the same period in the prior year. The change in investing activities was driven primarily by a decrease in capital expenditures, partially offset by a decrease in proceeds from the settlement of derivative
instruments.     Financing Activities   
 Cash used for financing activities was $464.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $1,684.7 million during
the same period in the prior year. The decrease in cash used for financing activities was driven primarily by the repayment of a portion of the Term Loan Facility, the redemption of a portion of the Tim Hortons Notes and payments of financing costs,
partially offset by proceeds from the offering of the 2015 Senior Notes in the prior year and higher distributions in the current year.      Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates      This discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is based on our
unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of these financial statements requires our management to
make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses, as well as related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. We evaluate our estimates on an ongoing basis and we base our
estimates on historical experience and various other assumptions we deem reasonable to the situation. These estimates and assumptions form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily
apparent from other sources. Volatile credit, equity, foreign currency and energy markets, and declines in consumer spending have increased and may continue to create uncertainty inherent in such estimates and assumptions. As future events and their
effects cannot be determined with precision, actual results could differ significantly from these estimates. Changes in our estimates could materially impact our results of operations and financial condition in any particular period. For a complete
discussion of our critical and significant accounting policies and estimates, please see  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  of our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC and
Canadian securities regulatory authorities on February 26, 2016.  
      44  

Table of Contents  

    New Accounting Pronouncements    
 See Note 3    New Accounting Pronouncements , in the notes to the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements.
          Item 3.    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk    
 There were no material changes during the three months ended September 30, 2016 to the disclosures made in Part II, Item 7A of
our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, filed with the SEC and Canadian securities regulatory authorities on February 26, 2016.  
        Item 4.    Controls and Procedures    
  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures   
 An evaluation was conducted under the supervision and with the participation of the management of RBI, as the general partner of Partnership,
including the Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) and Chief Financial Officer ( CFO ) of RBI, of the effectiveness of Partnership s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and Exchange Act
Rules 15d-15(e)) as of September 30, 2016. Based on that evaluation, the CEO and CFO of RBI concluded that Partnership s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of such date.  
  Internal Control Over Financial Reporting   
 The management of RBI, as the general partner of Partnership, including the CEO and CFO, confirm that there were no changes in
Partnership s internal control over financial reporting during the three months ended September 30, 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, RBI s internal control over financial reporting.
    Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements   
  Certain information contained in this report, including information regarding future financial performance and plans, targets, aspirations,
expectations, and objectives of management, constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and forward-looking information within the meaning of Canadian securities laws. We refer to
all of these as forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are forward-looking in nature and, accordingly, are subject to risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements can generally be identified by the use of words such as
 believe ,  anticipate ,  expect ,  intend ,  estimate ,  plan ,  continue ,  will ,  may ,  could ,  would ,  target ,
 potential  and other similar expressions and include, without limitation, statements regarding our expectations or beliefs regarding (i) our future financial obligations, including annual debt service requirements, capital
expenditures and dividend payments, our ability to meet such obligations and the source of funds used to satisfy such obligations; and (ii) certain accounting and tax matters.   
  These forward looking statements represent management s expectations as of the date hereof. These forward-looking statements are based
on certain assumptions and analyses made by the Company in light of its experience and its perception of historical trends, current conditions and expected future developments, as well as other factors it believes are appropriate in the
circumstances. However, these forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Important factors that could cause actual
results, level of activity, performance or achievements to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements include, among other things, risks related to: (1) our substantial indebtedness, which could
adversely affect our financial condition and prevent us from fulfilling our obligations; (2) significant and rapid fluctuations in interest rates and in the currency exchange markets and the effectiveness of our hedging activity; (3) the
ability of our credit facilities  and derivatives  counterparties to fulfill their commitments and/or obligations; and (4) changes in applicable tax laws or interpretations thereof.   
  We operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risk factors emerge from time to time and it is not possible for our
management to predict all risk factors, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any
forward-looking statements.      Although we believe the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we
cannot guarantee future results, level of activity, performance or achievements. Moreover, neither we nor any other person assumes responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of any of these forward-looking statements. You should not rely upon
forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. Finally, our future results will depend upon various other risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those detailed in the section entitled  Item 1A - Risk Factors 
of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   
      45  

Table of Contents  

December 31, 2015 filed with the SEC and Canadian securities regulatory authorities on February 26, 2016, as well as other materials that we from time to time file with, or furnish to,
the SEC or file with Canadian securities regulatory authorities. All forward - looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements in this section and elsewhere
in this report. Other than as required under securities laws, we do not assume a duty to update these forward - looking statements, whether as a result of new information, subsequent events or circumstances, changes in expectations or otherwise.
     Part II   Other Information   
    Item 6. Exhibits   
 The exhibits listed in the accompanying index are filed as part of this report.  

Exhibit Number   
    
    Description    

31.1 
    
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer of Restaurant Brands International Inc., as general partner of Restaurant Brands International Limited Partnership, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

31.2 
    
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer of Restaurant Brands International Inc., as general partner of Restaurant Brands International Limited Partnership, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

32.1 
    
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer of Restaurant Brands International Inc., as general partner of Restaurant Brands International Limited Partnership, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

32.2 
    
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer of Restaurant Brands International Inc., as general partner of Restaurant Brands International Limited Partnership, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  
 
      46  

Table of Contents  

     SIGNATURES   
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
thereunto duly authorized.      

Restaurant Brands International Limited Partnership 
 By: Restaurant Brands International Inc., its general partner   

Date: October 24, 2016 
   
 By: 
   
   /s/ Joshua Kobza   

Name: 
   
 Joshua Kobza, principal financial officer  

Title: 
   
   Chief Financial Officer of Restaurant Brands International Inc. 
 (principal financial officer)   (duly authorized
officer)   
 
      47  

Table of Contents  

     INDEX TO EXHIBITS   

Exhibit Number   
    
    Description    

10.37 
    
 Form of Restaurant Brands International Inc. Board Member Stock Option Award Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.37 to the Form 10-Q of Restaurant Brands International Inc. filed on October 24, 2016).  

31.1 
    
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer of Restaurant Brands International Inc., as general partner of Restaurant Brands International Limited Partnership, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

31.2 
    
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer of Restaurant Brands International Inc., as general partner of Restaurant Brands International Limited Partnership, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

32.1 
    
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer of Restaurant Brands International Inc., as general partner of Restaurant Brands International Limited Partnership, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

32.2 
    
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer of Restaurant Brands International Inc., as general partner of Restaurant Brands International Limited Partnership, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

101.INS 
    
 XBRL Instance Document  

101.SCH 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document  

101.CAL 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document  

101.DEF 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document  

101.LAB 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document  

101.PRE 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document  
 
      48  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 d262452dex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Certification 

Exhibit 31.1   
  CERTIFICATION     I, Daniel Schwartz,
certify that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Restaurant Brands International Limited Partnership:        

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this quarterly report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which
such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this quarterly report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this quarterly report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows
of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:        

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this quarterly report is being prepared;        

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):        

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

/s/ Daniel Schwartz   
 
 Daniel Schwartz  
 
 Chief Executive Officer of Restaurant Brands International Inc., the Registrant s sole general partner  
 
  Dated: October 24, 2016  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 d262452dex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Certification 

Exhibit 31.2   
  CERTIFICATION     I, Joshua Kobza, certify
that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Restaurant Brands International Limited Partnership:        

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this quarterly report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which
such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this quarterly report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this quarterly report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows
of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:        

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this quarterly report is being prepared;        

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):        

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

/s/ Joshua Kobza   
 
 Joshua Kobza  
 
   Chief Financial Officer of Restaurant Brands 
 International Inc., the Registrant s sole general partner   
 
  Dated: October 24, 2016  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 d262452dex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Certification 

Exhibit 32.1   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Restaurant Brands International Limited Partnership (the  Partnership ) for the quarter
ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Daniel Schwartz, Chief Executive Officer of Restaurant Brands International Inc., certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
 1350, as adopted pursuant to  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge:      

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and    

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Partnership.    

/s/ Daniel Schwartz   
 
 Daniel Schwartz  
 
 Chief Executive Officer of Restaurant Brands International Inc., the Registrant s sole general partner  
 
  Dated: October 24, 2016  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 d262452dex322.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Certification 

Exhibit 32.2   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Restaurant Brands International Limited Partnership (the  Partnership ) for the quarter
ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Joshua Kobza, Chief Financial Officer of Restaurant Brands International Inc., certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
 1350, as adopted pursuant to  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge:      

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and    

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Partnership.    

/s/ Joshua Kobza   
 
 Joshua Kobza  
 
 Chief Financial Officer of Restaurant Brands International Inc., the Registrant s sole general partner  
 
  Dated: October 24, 2016  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 qsp-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 qsp-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 qsp-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 qsp-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 qsp-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 qsp-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

