<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161227_10-K_edgar_data_1417172_0001144204-16-141391_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4273406</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>171654</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>256951</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1083730</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1819669</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>835805</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>89</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-141391.hdr.sgml : 20161227
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161227142250
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-141391
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		73
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20150331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161227
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161227

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			GREEN DRAGON WOOD PRODUCTS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001417172
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MILLWOOD, VENEER, PLYWOOD & STRUCTURAL WOOD MEMBERS [2430]
		IRS NUMBER:				261133266
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			FL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-53379
		FILM NUMBER:		162070434

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		UNIT 1914 19F MIRAMAR TOWER
		STREET 2:		132 NATHAN RAOD
		CITY:			TSIM SHA TSUI
		STATE:			K3
		ZIP:			852
		BUSINESS PHONE:		852-2482-5168

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		UNIT 312, 3RD FLOOR, NEW EAST OCEAN CTR
		STREET 2:		9 SCIENCE MUSEUM ROAD
		CITY:			KOWLOON
		STATE:			K3
		ZIP:			NONE

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-141391.txt : 20161227

10-K
 1
 v455564_10k.htm
 10-K

UNITED
STATES   

   SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM
10-K   

(Mark One) 

For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2015 

or 

For the transition period from _________ to ______________ 

Commission file number    000-53379  

GREEN DRAGON WOOD PRODUCTS, INC.   

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

Florida    
        26-1133266     

(State or other jurisdiction of 
         Incorporation or organization)  
     
         (I.R.S. Employer 
         Identification No.)   

Unit 312, 3rd Floor, New East Ocean Centre  

  9 Science Museum Road  

   Kowloon, Hong Kong   

 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip
Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
  + (852) 2482-5168   

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class  
       
      Name of each exchange on which registered   

Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g)
of the Act: 

Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share.   

 (Title of class) 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is
a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

Yes             x  
No  

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is
not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 

Yes             x  
No  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

Yes             x  
No  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  229.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 

Yes              x  
No  

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (  229.405 of this chapter) is not
contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.       

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer      
      Accelerated filer       
 
      Non-accelerated filer        (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  
      Smaller reporting company   x   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). 

Yes             x  
   No  

The aggregate market value of the voting and
non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of September 30, 2014 was $858,000, which was computed by
reference to the closing price of $0.24 on January 26, 2015. 

As of June 30, 2015, there were 23,725,000
shares of common stock, par value $0.001 issued and outstanding. As of December 22, 2016 there are presently 23,725,000 shares
of common stock, par value $0.001 issued and outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

List hereunder the following documents if incorporated
by reference and the Part of the Form 10-K (e.g., Part I, Part II, etc.) into which the document is incorporated: (1) Any annual
report to security holders; (2) Any proxy or information statement; and (3) Any prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) or (c)
under the Securities Act of 1933. The listed documents should be clearly described for identification purposes (e.g., annual report
to security holders for fiscal year ended December 24, 1980). 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

Page   

PART I    

Item 1.  
       BUSINESS   
     4  
 
      Item 1A.  
       RISK FACTORS   
     8  
 
      Item 1B.  
       UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS   
     15  
 
      Item 2.  
       PROPERTIES   
     15  
 
      Item 3.  
       LEGAL PROCEEDINGS   
     16  
 
      Item 4.  
       MINE SAFETY DISCLSOURES   
     16  

PART II    

Item 5.  
       MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES   
     17  
 
      Item 6.  
       SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA   
     18  
 
      Item 7.  
       MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS  OF OPERATIONS   
     18  
 
      Item 7A.  
       QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK   
     24  
 
      Item 8.  
       FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA   
     24  
 
      Item 9.  
       CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL  DISCLOSURE   
     25  
 
      Item 9A.  
       CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES   
     25  
 
      Item 9B.  
       OTHER INFORMATION   
     26  

PART III    

Item 10.  
       DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE   
     27  
 
      Item 11.  
       EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION   
     30  
 
      Item 12.  
       SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND  RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS   
     32  
 
      Item 13.  
       CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE   
     33  
 
      Item 14.  
       PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES   
     34  

PART IV    

Item 15.  
       EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES   
     35  

SIGNATURES   
     37  

FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS  

In this annual report, references to  Green
Dragon,   GDWP,   the Company,   we,   our,  and  us  refer
to Green Dragon Wood Products, Inc. and, unless the context otherwise implies, its wholly-owned subsidiaries, Green Dragon Industrial
Inc. ( GDI ) and Green Dragon Wood Products Company Limited ( GDWPCL ). 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking
statements regarding our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Words such as  expects, 
 anticipates,   intends,   plans,   believes,   seeks,   estimates 
and similar expressions or variations of such words are intended to identify forward-looking statements, but are not deemed to
represent an all-inclusive means of identifying forward-looking statements as denoted in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Additionally,
statements concerning future matters are forward-looking statements. 

Although forward-looking statements in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K reflect the good faith judgment of our management, such statements can only be based on facts and factors
currently known by us. Consequently, forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties and actual results
and outcomes may differ materially from the results and outcomes discussed in or anticipated by the forward-looking statements.
Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences in results and outcomes include, without limitation, those specifically
addressed under the headings  Risk Factors  and  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations.  You are urged not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only
as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We file reports with the SEC. The SEC maintains a website (www.sec.gov) that
contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC,
including us. You can also read and copy any materials we file with the SEC at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street,
NE, Washington, DC 20549. You can obtain additional information about the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the
SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. 

We undertake no obligation to revise or update
any forward-looking statements in order to reflect any event or circumstance that may arise after the date of this Annual Report
on Form 10-K, except as required by law. Readers are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made throughout
the entirety of this Annual Report, which are designed to advise interested parties of the risks and factors that may affect our
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

PART I  

Item
                          1.      Business.   

Corporate History   

The Company was incorporated under the
laws of the State of Florida on September 26, 2007. 

On September 26, 2007, GDWP entered into a
share exchange transaction with the equity owners of Green Dragon Industrial Inc. ( GDI ) (formerly Fit Sum Group Limited).
Pursuant to the share exchange transaction, GDI s equity owners transferred 100% of the equity interest in GDI in exchange
for 200,000 shares of common stock of the Company. Upon completion of the share exchange, GDI became a wholly-owned subsidiary
of the Company, and GDWPCL, through GDI, became an indirect wholly-owned operating subsidiary of the Company. 

GDWPCL was incorporated as a limited liability
company in Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People s Republic of China ( the PRC  or  China )
on March 14, 2000. The principal activity of GDWPCL is trading of wood logs, wood lumber, wood veneers and other wood products
in Hong Kong. 

GDI was incorporated as a limited liability
company in the British Virgin Islands ( BVI ) on May 30, 2007, for the purpose of holding 100% equity interest in GDWPCL.
On May 30, 2007, GDI entered into an exchange agreement with the equity owners of GDWPCL, whereby GDI transferred 37,500 shares
of its common stock to the shareholders of GDWPCL in exchange for 5,000,000 ordinary shares of GDWPCL. Upon the completion of the
share exchange, GDWPCL became a wholly-owned subsidiary of GDI. 

The following diagram sets forth the current
corporate structure of Green Dragon: 

The Company, through its subsidiaries, mainly
engages in the re-sale and trading of wood logs, wood lumber, wood veneer and other wood products in Hong Kong. 

Neither GDWP nor GDI has any operations or
plans to have any operations in the future other than acting as a holding company and management company for GDWPCL and raising
capital for its operations. However, we reserve the right to change our operating plans regarding GDWP and GDI. 

Our Business   

Overview 

Since inception, the Company has
engaged in the import/export of various species of wood logs, veneers and lumber from the United States, Africa, Europe and Southern
China. As a natural resource, wood is available in many different species and in anywhere in the world.  We spend time researching
the various species that will best fit the needs of our customers and the availability of the raw wood. Different woods have different
geographical, seasonal, and cutting season variables. The decisions we make regarding these three differences are crucial to our
business. 

Our business is comprised of trading raw material
such as logs, lumber and veneer.   We collect information from our customers and their demands for specific wood
products, then we will determine where the best sources are to obtain the needed wood products for our customers.  Since wood
has historically been susceptible to trends in interior design, as a result, the species and type of wood will change from time
to time, it is necessary for us to keep abreast of the current market trends in specific wood products.  As a result of the
ever changing trend in demand for wood, identification of the right source of the demanded wood products by our customers, negotiation
of prices and the terms of trade must be completed prior to the execution of any purchase. 

The raw wood materials we import/export are
used in furniture, molding, flooring, furnishings, doors, and musical instruments. We trade our products primarily to importers
or distributors. 

Principal Products 

We import wood logs, lumber and veneer from
various countries and regions, including the United States, Africa, Europe and Southern China. These imports are used in wood products
such as furniture, flooring, wooden doors and musical instruments.  Currently we export approximately 40% of our products
to several distributors in China, with the remaining 60% exported to approximately a dozen of customers located throughout the
world, including India, Italy, South Korea, Vietnam and the Middle East.   

Approximately 25% of the wood products we trade
are various species of logs, 60% are veneer and 15% are lumber. 

The sale of our logs and lumber represents
approximately 55% of our total sales. The remaining 45% of our sales are in our veneer product line.  Although we import veneer
from all parts of the world to China, they are primarily from North America, Africa and Europe.  We also export veneer
produced in China to various regions including India, Europe, the Middle East and South Korea. 

When we import our wood products, we always
act as the principal in the transaction.  Prior to importing our wood logs and veneers, we receive a purchase order from our
client.  We are occasionally required by suppliers to put up deposit or advance payment for some of the purchase of highly
demanded species of logs. Most of our export sales are by Letter of Credit terms and Telegraphic Transfer basis from our clients. 

Due to the special relationships that have
been built by our President, Mr. Kwok Leung Lee, a client may, under special circumstances, be granted different terms. This
is the exception to our policy. 

When the cargo is shipped and payment is made,
title and responsibility for the product transfer to the client. The client may insure his shipment with the carrier or not.  We
will take the responsibility if the quality or shortage of volume becomes an issue. We will also take the claim to our suppliers. 

Distribution of our Products 

The primary delivery of our wood products is
through our office location in Hong Kong. Shipping and delivery of our products to locations within geographical driving distance
are via truck.  Products that are shipped internationally are shipped by containers via maritime vessels. 

Competition 

In order to compete effectively in the wood
products industry, a company must understand and respond to the needs of its customers. Many of our competitors have greater financial
resources than we have, enabling them to finance and purchase in a quick fashion and in greater volume to meet their needs to address
rising demands and to reap unexpected business opportunity and economic benefits. In addition, many of these companies can offer
additional products and services not provided by us such as open credit terms to their customers, and more variety of wood species.
Our competitors may have the luxury of sacrificing profitability in order to capture a greater portion of the market. They may
also be in a position to accept lower fees than we would for the same customer. Consequently, we may encounter significant competition
in our efforts to achieve our internal and external growth objectives. 

With our limited financial capacity, we are
not able to offer a great variety of species of wood products or services such as open credit and warehouse facilities to make
us stand above our competition, however we have chosen to refine and enhance the availability of the number of types of wood logs,
lumber and veneers that fall within our capability to import/export.   

Sources and Availability of Raw Materials 

While there are many suppliers of logs, lumber
and veneer, weather conditions can play a major role in availability. In times of heavy rain we find that there is limited availability.
However, we try to import higher volume and encourage our customers to purchase more wood product in times of good weather.   At
this time we do not see a critical dependence on any supplier(s) that could adversely affect our operations.  Over the years
we have developed good relationships with mutual trust among many of our customers and suppliers.   

Since we are dealing with mostly a primary
source of wood in log form in the forest, the supply of such raw material can be adversely affected by seasonal change such as
winter, summer, dry and rainy season, as well as by government change of regulation such as ban on log exports. However, we are
trying to tackle these risks exposures by engaging only sustainable forest sources. Our major suppliers include Westwood Logs BV
which is located in the Netherlands and JAF Group which is located in Austria. 

Customers 

For this fiscal year we focus on three
major customers, two in China and one in Middle East. While approximately 35% of our business is generated from these three distributors,
these relationships are long-term and have become mutually beneficial. We have also expanded our business with India which is
also in shortage of wood resource to meet its increasing demand. 

Suppliers 

We work with more than 30 different suppliers
throughout the world.  We maintain a strong relationship with our suppliers and their trust and willingness to work
with us has given us a competitive edge over other companies in our industry. 

For the years ended March 31, 2015 and
2014, our principal suppliers, which accounted for 26% and 34% of our purchases from China and Europe respectively. 

Research and Development 

During the last two fiscal years no money was
spent directly on research and development. 

We have, however, spent more than $80,000 for
our President and other personnel to inspect wood from different suppliers and develop new sourcing in Africa, Europe, New Zealand,
and for business development in China and India. 

Intellectual Property 

We own the domain name www.greendragonglobal.com.
 We do not own any patents, trademarks, licenses (other than the usual business license in Hong Kong), franchises, concessions,
royalty agreements or labor contracts. In the future, our success may depend in part upon our ability to preserve our trade secrets,
obtain and maintain patent protection for our technologies, products and processes, and operate without infringing upon the proprietary
rights of other parties. However, we may rely on certain proprietary technologies, trade secrets, and know-how that are not patentable.
Although we may take action to protect our unpatented trade secrets and our proprietary information, in part, by the use of confidentiality
agreements with our employees, consultants and certain of our contractors, we cannot guaranty that: 

(a)     these agreements will not be breached; 

 (b)     we would have adequate remedies
for any breach; or 

 (c)   our proprietary trade secrets and
know-how will not otherwise become known or be independently developed or discovered by competitors. 

We cannot guarantee that our actions will be
sufficient to prevent imitation or duplication of our products and services by others. 

Government Approval of Principal Products or
Services 

None of the wood products we import/export
require specific governmental approval.  The current regulations in Hong Kong and the People s Republic of China
do not place a burden on us.  Permits may be obtained from our suppliers as needed. 

Government Regulation 

The import/export of our wood logs to and from
the United States is subject to a number of U.S. laws, including the National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA) and the National
Forest Management Act (NFMA). We are most impacted by NFMA. This act dictates that the forest service can sell timber on national
forest land to private entities only under the following conditions: 

They
can sell timber at no less than its appraised value;  

They
must advertise all sales unless extraordinary conditions exist or the appraised value is less than $10,000;  

They
must provide a prospectus with detailed information to prospective buyers;  

They
must ensure open and fair competition in the bidding process and eliminate collusive bidding practices; and  

They
must promote orderly harvesting (usually requiring harvesting within a 3-5 year period).  

Our U.S. suppliers must comply with NFMA before any of their logs
or lumber can be exported out of the United States. 

Logs that are transported to Congo are subject
to the appropriate tax and valid documentation must be presented. The Congo Forestry Law requires that the quota for processing
is 85% local and only 15% exported.  Additionally, all Congo exporters, including GDWP s suppliers, must be registered
with SGS Group, a quality control company, for inspection services. 

The International Tropical Timber Agreement
of 1994, signed by 58 countries, specifically governs the export of logs, sawn wood, veneer sheets and plywood.  The primary
objectives of this Agreement were to provide a forum for consultation, international cooperation and policy development with regard
to all relevant aspects of the world timber economy and to contribute to the process of sustainable development. 

The International Tropical Timber Agreement
of 1994 currently does not affect our import of wood logs and veneers. Government regulation may change in the future and could
place a burden on us to conform with various government agencies in various countries. Should there be a change in government regulations,
we will endeavor to remain in compliance at all times.         

Environmental Regulation   

As an import/export company we are not directly
subject to any federal, state or local environmental laws and regulations. The companies that ship us the wood and veneer that
we ship to our customers do have a duty to comply with any environmental impact rules and regulations pertaining to the wood products
that we import/export. 

Employees   

As of March 31, 2015, we have 7 regular paid
full-time employees. We currently have no key employees, other than Mr. Lee, our President and Chairman of the Board, and Ms. Law,
a Director. Our employees are paid regular salaries for their employment with GDWPCL.   

We use commissioned sales/distribution representatives
to sell and distribute our wood logs. These representatives are not employed by the Company and are not permitted to act on behalf
of the Company without our express approval. These outside sales representatives are used only for selling our wood logs. Their
commission is based on the total sale amount. We have different payment arrangements with each representative. Due to
the nature of our business being based on mutual trust, we do not have any written agreements with our key sales representatives. 

Our key outside sales representatives may be
terminated at any time for any reason without prior notice. Conversely, our outside representatives may choose not to sell our
wood logs at any time any for any reason. 

Executive Offices  

Our executive offices are located at Unit 312,
3rd Floor, New East Ocean Centre, 9 Science Museum Road, Kowloon, Hong Kong. Our telephone number is (011) 852-2482-5168. 

Item 1A.    
       Risk Factors.    

Our business, financial condition, operating
results and cash flows can be affected by a number of factors, including, but not limited to, those set forth below, any one of
which could cause our actual results to vary materially from recent results or from our anticipated future results. The risks described
below are not the only ones we face, but those we currently consider to be material. There may be other risks which we now consider
immaterial, or which are unknown or unpredictable, with respect to our business, our competition, the regulatory environment or
otherwise that could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Risks Related To Our Business  

We engage in importing/exporting wood
products which involves a high degree of risk.   

The wood importing/exporting industry is significantly
affected by changes in economic and other conditions, such as: 

Geographical
availability;  

Seasonal
availability;  

Cutting
seasons;  

The
popularity of a wood species at any a given time; and  

Macroeconomic
cycles.  

These factors can negatively affect the supply
of, demand for and pricing of our wood products. We are also subject to a number of factors, many of which are beyond our control,
including: 

Delays
in suppliers  delivery of the raw materials to us;  

Changes
in governmental regulations regarding the importing and exporting of our products;  

Increases
in shipping costs; and  

A
shortage of raw wood.  

Our dependence on a small number of key
third party sales agents to distribute our products may affect our profitability.   

Most of our logs and lumber are sold to importers,
however, for our export sales of veneer from China we are selling more to end uses who are factories producing the fancy plywood.
Our profitability might be negatively affected if our present relationships with our key sales agents or customers were disrupted
or became unstable. 

We are dependent on the furniture and
construction industries; lower than expected growth or a downturn in demand for our products in those industries could adversely
affect our results of operations.   

The sales of our products are dependent to
a significant degree on the level of activity in the furniture manufacturing and construction industries. Because of the cyclical
demand for our products, we may have short or long-term overcapacity.  A decreased demand for wood products may result in
an inability to maximize our resources. Furthermore, it is possible that our expected growth in demand from companies in the furniture
manufacturing and construction industries may not occur. The demand for such products can be adversely affected by several factors,
including decreases in the level of new residential construction activity, which is subject to changes in economic conditions;
increases in interest rates; decreases in population; and other factors. Additionally, weakness in the economies of countries in
which we sell our products,  as well as any downturn or continuation of current downturns in these economies, are likely
to have a material adverse effect on the construction, home building, and remodeling industries, as well as on the demand for furniture
items manufactured by our third party mill with our wood logs, lumber and veneers. 

Our dependence, to a large extent, on
maritime transport may affect our ability to deliver products to our offshore markets.   

We are highly dependent on maritime means to
transport products to our offshore markets. Space on international maritime shipping vessels is limited and difficult to secure
sometimes. We have at times experienced difficulty in arranging shipping to our export markets. We may not be able to secure in
the future adequate container space on ships that deliver our products to our offshore markets. We have no control over established
marine shipping routes and the present routes that transport ships use may not continue to be used by maritime transport services.
Increases in fuel prices may also increase our shipping costs. In addition, the products we transport may not reach our markets
in marketable condition. Moreover, strict security measures regarding maritime transport may be implemented in the future and may
increase the cost of shipping our products. These challenges to the maritime transport of our products to our offshore markets
could cause an adverse effect on our profitability. 

We may face significant competition in
the markets in which we sell our products, which could adversely affect both our share of those markets as well as the price at
which we sell our products.   

Currently, we face strong competition from
competitors in all of the countries and regions in which we operate.  In the case of our wood products, we face competition
from foreign competitors in other regions of the world, such as West Africa and China. In the future we may face increased competition
in other countries in which we operate from domestic or foreign competitors, some of which may have greater financial resources
than we do. In addition, we may face increased competition as a result of existing competitors increasing their production capacity.
An increase in competition in the wood market or other value added wood products markets could adversely affect both our share
of those markets and the price at which we are able to sell our products. 

We depend on free international trade
and the absence of import and export restrictions in our principal markets.   

Our ability to compete effectively in our principal
markets could be materially and adversely affected by a number of factors relating to government regulation of trade. Exchange
rate manipulation, subsidies or the imposition of increased tariffs, or other trade barriers could materially affect our ability
to move raw materials and/or finished products across national borders. If our ability to have our third party mill make, transport,
or sell our products competitively in one or more of our principal export markets became impaired by any of these developments,
it could be difficult for us to re-allocate our products to other markets on equally favorable terms.  Thus, our business,
financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

Some of our key products, such as wood
veneer, may be subject to price volatility, and prolonged or severe weakness in the markets for wood veneer could adversely affect
our financial condition and results of operations.   

Wood veneer is a globally traded commodity
product and is subject to competition from manufacturers worldwide. We, like other participants in the industry, have limited influence
over the timing and extent of price changes for wood veneer. Product pricing is significantly affected by the relationship between
supply and demand in the primary raw material industry. Demand is also subject to fluctuations due to changes in economic conditions,
interest rates, population growth, weather conditions, and other factors. We are not able to predict with certainty market conditions
and selling prices for our products and prices for wood veneer may decline from current levels. A prolonged and severe weakness
in the markets for wood veneer could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

The majority of raw wood materials used
to produce our wood products are supplied by outside mills and companies.   

We procure the majority of the raw wood materials
that we use in our products from unaffiliated companies in West Africa, United States, Europe and Southern China in accordance
with long standing relationships between us and the suppliers. We may not be able to maintain these relationships and continue
to secure the raw materials to have our contracted manufacturers produce our products. In addition, the prices we pay for raw materials
may increase as a result of higher fuel costs paid by our suppliers. An inability to secure the raw materials used in the production
of our wood products or to transport such materials in a cost-effective manner could have an adverse effect on our operations. 

We may not be able to maintain present
favorable tax treatment or exemptions from certain tax payments in certain jurisdictions in which we operate.   

One driving force behind some of our efforts
has been the goal of achieving more favorable tax treatment in certain jurisdictions in which we operate. It is possible that local
governments in certain municipalities may levy higher taxes on us or our products in the future. In addition, we may not be able
to maintain important exemptions from certain tax regimes in the various jurisdictions in which we operate. Unfavorable tax treatment
of our company in the future or an increase in the taxes levied on us may cause an adverse effect on our results of operations. 

Adverse climate conditions, wind storms,
fires, disease, pests, and other natural threats could adversely affect forests.   

Forests that produce our wood are subject to
a number of naturally occurring threats such as adverse climate conditions, wind, fire, disease and other pests. Damage caused
by strong windstorms, such as uprooting and stems breakage, is considered by management to be a major natural risk to the forests
that produce our wood. Fire is a risk to all forests and our warehouses and operations. Accumulation of combustible raw materials
and possible deficiencies in our preparation for fires could cause fire hazards and no preventative measures can provide assurance
that fires will not occur. We may experience fire in the future and such a fire may materially adversely affect us. Disease and
pests are another risk to forests and plantations. Disease or pests may have a material adverse effect on forests and plantations
in the future. Other risks to forests that produce our wood include, but are not limited to, losses caused by earthquakes, floods,
and other non-man-made catastrophic events. 

Energy shortages and increased energy
costs could adversely affect our business.   

Any shortage of energy could cause disruptions
in our manufacturers operations as well as our operations. Higher electricity costs or disruptions in the supply of electricity
or natural gas could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

A downturn in the Chinese economy may
adversely affect us.   

We sell a large part of our products to China,
and accordingly, the results of our operations and financial condition are sensitive to and dependent upon the level of economic
activity in China. China's recent rates of gross domestic product growth may not continue in the future, and future developments
in or affecting the Chinese economy could impair our ability to proceed with our business plan or materially adversely affect our
business, financial condition, or results of operations. 

We currently rely on two customers for
a majority of our revenue.   

We currently rely on 2 customers for approximately
34% and 60% of our revenue for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.  Any disruption in the relationships
between us and these clients would adversely affect our business.  In the event of any disruption and loss of business from
one or both of these clients, purchasers of our stock would be at risk to lose most or all of their investment. 

GDWPCL s failure to compete effectively
may adversely affect our ability to generate revenue.   

Through GDWPCL, we compete in a highly developed
market with companies that have significantly greater experience and history in our industry. If we do not compete effectively,
we could lose market share and experience falling prices, adversely affecting our financial results. Our competitors will expand
in the key markets and implement new technologies making them more competitive. There is also the possibility that competitors
will be able to offer additional products, services, lower prices, or other incentives that we cannot or will not. We cannot assure
you that we will be able to compete effectively with current or future competitors or that the competitive pressures we face
will not harm our business. 

We may not be able to effectively control
and manage the growth of GDWPCL.   

If GDWPCL s business and markets grow
and develop, it will be necessary for us to finance and manage expansion in an orderly fashion. An expansion would increase demands
on existing management, workforce and facilities. Failure to satisfy such increased demands and administrative inefficiencies could
interrupt or adversely affect our operations and cause delay in delivery of our wood products. 

We may require additional financing in
the future and a failure to obtain such required financing will inhibit our ability to grow.   

The continued growth of our business requires
additional funding, unfortunately we have not any success in the private placement to raise the fund we needed to expand our business
and therefore our business growth will be somewhat affected in this regards but we will try our outmost to overcome the shortage
of funding by trying to streamline our cash flow management. 

The terms of any future financing may
adversely affect your interest as stockholders.   

If we require additional financing in the future,
we may be required to incur indebtedness or issue equity securities, the terms of which may adversely affect your interests in
us. For example, the issuance of additional indebtedness may be senior in right of payment to your shares upon our liquidation.
In addition, indebtedness may be under terms that make the operation of our business more difficult because the lender's
consent could be required before we take certain actions. Similarly the terms of any equity securities we issue may be senior in
right of payment of dividends to your common stock and may contain superior rights and other rights as compared to your common
stock. Further, any such issuance of equity securities may dilute your interest in us. 

We, through our subsidiaries GDI or GDWPCL,
may engage in future acquisitions that could dilute the ownership interests of our stockholders, cause us to incur debt and assume
contingent liabilities.   

We, through our subsidiaries GDI or GDWPCL,
may review acquisition and strategic investment prospects that we believe would complement the current product offerings of
GDWPCL, augment its market coverage or enhance its technical capabilities, or otherwise offer growth opportunities. From
time to time we review investments in new businesses and we, through our subsidiaries, GDI or GDWPCL, expect to make
investments in, and to acquire, businesses, products, or technologies in the future. We expect that when we raise funds from investors
for any of these purposes we will be either the issuer or the primary obligor. In the event of any future acquisitions, we could: 

issue
equity securities which would dilute current stockholders  percentage ownership;  

incur
substantial debt;  

assume
contingent liabilities; or  

expend
significant cash.  

These actions could have a material adverse
effect on our operating results or the price of our common stock. Moreover, even if through our subsidiaries GDI or GDWPCL, we
do obtain benefits in the form of increased sales and earnings, there may be a lag between the time when the expenses associated
with an acquisition are incurred and the time when we recognize such benefits. Acquisitions and investment activities also entail
numerous risks, including: 

difficulties
in the assimilation of acquired operations, technologies and/or products;  

unanticipated
costs associated with the acquisition or investment transaction;  

the
diversion of management s attention from other business concerns;  

adverse
effects on existing business relationships with suppliers and customers;  

risks
associated with entering markets in which GDWPCL has no or limited prior experience;  

the
potential loss of key employees of acquired organizations; and  

substantial
charges for the amortization of certain purchased intangible assets, deferred stock compensation or similar  items.  

We cannot ensure that we will be able to successfully
integrate any businesses, products, technology, or personnel that we might acquire in the future and our failure to do so could
have a material adverse effect on our and/or GDWPCL s business, operating results and financial condition. 

We are responsible for the indemnification
of our officers and directors.   

Our Articles of Incorporation provides for
the indemnification and/or exculpation of our directors, officers, employees, agents and other entities which deal with it to the
maximum extent provided, and under the terms provided, by the laws and decisions of the courts of the state of Florida. Since we
do not hold any indemnification insurance, these indemnification provisions could result in substantial expenditures, which we
may be unable to recoup, which could adversely affect our business and financial conditions. Kwok Leung Lee, our President and
Chairman of the Board, and Mei-Ling Law, our director, are key personnel with rights to indemnification under our Articles of Incorporation. 

We may not have adequate internal accounting
controls. While we have certain internal procedures in our budgeting, forecasting and in the management and allocation of funds,
our internal controls may not be adequate.   

We are constantly striving to improve our internal
control over financial reporting. We expect to continue to improve our internal accounting control for budgeting, forecasting,
managing and allocating our funds and to better account for them as we grow. There is no guarantee that such improvements will
be adequate or successful or that such improvements will be carried out on a timely basis . 

We are dependent on certain key personnel
and loss of these key personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.   

Our success is, to a certain extent, attributable to the management,
sales and marketing, and operational expertise of key personnel. Kwok Leung Lee, our President, and Mei-Ling Law, one of our directors,
perform key functions in the operation of our business. 

In addition, to execute our growth plan, we
must attract and retain highly qualified personnel. Competition for these employees is intense, and we may not be successful in
attracting and retaining qualified personnel. We could also experience difficulty in hiring and retaining highly skilled employees
with appropriate qualifications. Many of the companies with which we compete for experienced personnel have greater resources than
we have. If we fail to attract new personnel, or fail to retain and motivate our current personnel, our business and future growth
prospects could be severely harmed. 

We  may not be able to hire
and retain qualified personnel to support our growth and if we are unable to retain or hire these personnel in the future, our
ability to improve our products and implement our business objectives could be adversely affected.   

Competition for senior management and senior
personnel in Hong Kong is intense, the pool of qualified candidates in the Hong Kong is very limited, and we may not be able to
retain the services of our senior executives or senior personnel, or attract and retain high-quality senior executives or senior
personnel in the future. This failure could materially and adversely affect our future growth and financial condition. 

Our operating results may fluctuate as a result of factors
beyond our control.   

Our operating results may fluctuate significantly
in the future as a result of a variety of factors, many of which are beyond our control. These factors include: 

the
costs of wood products;  

seasonality
or effect of natural disasters on the availability of our raw materials;  

the
relative speed and success with which we can obtain and maintain customers, merchants and vendors for our  products;  

capital
expenditure for equipment;  

marketing
and promotional activities and other costs;  

changes
in our pricing policies, suppliers and competitors;  

the
ability of our suppliers to provide products in a timely manner to their customers;  

changes
in operating expenses;  

increased
competition in the import/export markets; and  

other
general economic and seasonal factors.  

Risks Related To Doing Business in The PRC  

Changes in the policies of the PRC government
could have a significant impact upon the business we may be able to conduct in the PRC and the profitability of such business  . 

Due to our significant business in Southern
China, our business operations may be adversely affected by the current and future political environment in the PRC. The PRC has
operated as a socialist state since the mid-1900s and is controlled by the Communist Party of China. The Chinese government exerts
substantial influence and control over the manner in which we must conduct our business activities. The PRC has only permitted
provincial and local economic autonomy and private economic activities since 1988. The government of the PRC has exercised and
continues to exercise substantial control over virtually every sector of the Chinese economy, through regulation and state ownership.
Our ability to operate in the PRC may be adversely affected by changes in Chinese laws and regulations, including those relating
to taxation, import and export tariffs, raw materials, environmental regulations, land use rights, property and other matters.
Under current leadership, the government of the PRC has been pursuing economic reform policies that encourage private economic
activity and greater economic decentralization. There is no assurance, however, that the government of the PRC will continue to
pursue these policies, or that it will not significantly alter these policies from time to time without notice. 

The PRC's economy is in a transition from a
planned economy to a market oriented economy subject to five-year and annual plans adopted by the government that set national
economic development goals. Policies of the PRC government can have significant effects on the economic conditions of the PRC.
The PRC government has confirmed that economic development will follow the model of a market economy. Under this direction, we
believe that the PRC will continue to strengthen its economic and trading relationships with foreign countries and business development
in the PRC will follow market forces. While we believe that this trend will continue, there can be no assurance that this will
be the case. 

A change in policies by the PRC government
could adversely affect our interests by, among other factors: changes in laws, regulations or the interpretation thereof, confiscatory
taxation, restrictions on currency conversion, imports or sources of supplies, or the expropriation or nationalization of private
enterprises. Although the PRC government has been pursuing economic reform policies for more than two decades, there is no assurance
that the government will continue to pursue such policies or that such policies may not be significantly altered, especially in
the event of a change in leadership, social or political disruption, or other circumstances affecting the PRC's political, economic
and social life. 

A slowdown, inflation or other adverse
developments in the PRC economy may harm our customers and the demand for our services and products.   

A significant amount of our operations and
sales are conducted or generated in the PRC. Although the PRC economy has grown significantly in recent years, we cannot assure
you that this growth will continue. A slowdown in overall economic growth, an economic downturn, a recession or other adverse economic
developments in the PRC could significantly reduce the demand for our products and harm our business. 

While the PRC economy
has experienced rapid growth, such growth has been uneven among various sectors of the economy and in different geographical areas
of the country. Rapid economic growth could lead to growth in the money supply and rising inflation. If prices for our products
rise at a rate that is insufficient to compensate for the rise in the costs of supplies, it may harm our profitability. In order
to control inflation in the past, the PRC government has imposed controls on bank credit, limits on loans for fixed assets and
restrictions on state bank lending. Such an austere policy can lead to a slowing of economic growth. 

Because our principal assets are located
outside of the United States and most of our directors and all of our officers reside outside of the United States, it may be difficult
for you to enforce your rights based on U.S. federal securities laws against us and our officers or to enforce U.S. court judgment
against us or them in Hong Kong.   

Most of our directors and all of our officers
reside outside of the United States. In addition, our operating company is located in Hong Kong and substantially all of our assets
are located outside of the United States. It may therefore be difficult for investors in the United States to enforce their legal
rights based on the civil liability provisions of the U.S. Federal securities laws against us in the courts of either the U.S.
or Hong Kong and, even if civil judgments are obtained in U.S. courts, to enforce such judgments in Hong Kong courts. Further,
it is unclear if extradition treaties now in effect between the United States and Hong Kong would permit effective enforcement
against us or our officers and directors of criminal penalties, under the U.S. Federal securities laws or otherwise. 

The relative lack of public company experience
of our management team may put us at a competitive disadvantage.   

Our management team lacks public company experience,
which could impair our ability to comply with legal and regulatory requirements such as those imposed by Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002. The individuals who now constitute our senior management have not previously had responsibility for managing a publicly traded
company. Such responsibilities include complying with federal securities laws and making required disclosures on a timely basis.
Our senior management may not be able to implement programs and policies in an effective and timely manner that adequately responds
to such increased legal, regulatory compliance and reporting requirements. Our failure to comply with all applicable requirements
could lead to the imposition of fines and penalties and distract our management from attending to the growth of our business. 

RISKS RELATED TO OUR COMMON STOCK  

Our officers and directors control us
through their positions and stock ownership and their interests may differ from other stockholders.   

As of July 8, 2014, there were 23,725,000 shares
of our common stock issued and outstanding. Our officers and directors beneficially own approximately 85% of our common stock.
Mr. Kwok Leung Lee, our President, beneficially owns approximately 60% of our common stock. As a result, he is able to influence
the outcome of stockholder votes on various matters, including the election of directors and extraordinary corporate transactions
including business combinations. Yet Mr. Lee s interests may differ from those of other stockholders. Furthermore, ownership
of 85% of our common stock by our officers and directors reduces the public float and liquidity, and may affect the market price,
of our common stock as quoted on the middle tier of the OTC Markets Group, Inc., or OTCQB. 

We are not likely to pay cash dividends
in the foreseeable future.   

We intend to retain any future earnings for
use in the operation and expansion of our business. We do not expect to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future but
will review this policy as circumstances dictate. Should we decide in the future to do so, as a holding company, our ability to
pay dividends and meet other obligations depends upon the receipt of dividends or other payments from our operating subsidiaries.
In addition, our operating subsidiaries, from time to time, may be subject to restrictions on their ability to make distributions
to us, including restrictions on the conversion of local currency into U.S. dollars or other hard currency and other regulatory
restrictions. 

Investors may have difficulty liquidating
their investment because our common stock is subject to the  penny stock  rules, which require delivery of a schedule
explaining the penny stock market and the associated risks before any sale.   

Our common stock may be subject to regulations
prescribed by the SEC relating to  penny stocks.  The SEC has adopted regulations that generally define a penny stock
to be any equity security that has a market price (as defined in such regulations) of less than $5 per share, subject to certain
exceptions. These regulations impose additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers who sell penny stocks to persons
other than established customers and accredited investors (generally institutions with assets in excess of $5,000,000 and individuals
with a net worth in excess of $1,000,000 or annual income exceeding $200,000 (individually) or $300,000 (jointly with their spouse).
For transactions covered by these rules, the broker-dealer must make a special suitability determination for the purchase of these
securities and have received the purchaser's prior written consent to the transaction. Additionally, for any transaction, other
than exempt transactions, involving a penny stock, the rules require the delivery, prior to the transaction, of a risk disclosure
document mandated by the SEC relating to the penny stock market. The broker-dealer also must disclose the commissions payable to
both the broker-dealer and the registered representative, current quotations for the securities and, if the broker-dealer is the
sole market-maker, the broker-dealer must disclose this fact and the broker-dealer's presumed control over the market. Finally,
monthly statements must be sent disclosing recent price information for the penny stock held in the account and information on
the limited market in penny stocks. 

Legal remedies, which may be available to the
investor, are as follows: 

If
penny stocks are sold in violation of the investor's rights listed above, or other federal or state securities laws, the investor
may be able to cancel his purchase and get his money back.  

If
the stocks are sold in a fraudulent manner, the investor may be able to sue the persons and firms that caused the fraud for damages.  

If
the investor has signed an arbitration agreement, however, s/he may have to pursue a claim through arbitration.  

If the person purchasing the securities is
someone other than an accredited investor or an established customer of the broker-dealer, the broker-dealer must also approve
the potential customer's account by obtaining information concerning the customer's financial situation, investment experience
and investment objectives. The broker-dealer must also make a determination whether the transaction is suitable for the customer
and whether the customer has sufficient knowledge and experience in financial matters to be reasonably expected to be capable of
evaluating the risk of transactions in such securities. Accordingly, the SEC's rules may limit the number of potential purchasers
of the shares of our common stock and stockholders may have difficulty selling their securities. 

A large number of shares may be eligible
for future sale and may depress our stock price.   

We may be required, under terms of future financing
arrangements, to offer a large number of common shares to the public, or to register for sale by future private investors a large
number of shares sold in private sales to them. 

Sales of substantial amounts of common stock,
or a perception that such sales could occur, and the existence of options or warrants to purchase shares of common stock at prices
that may be below the then-current market price of our common stock, could adversely affect the market price of our common stock
and could impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of our equity securities, either of which would decrease the value
of any earlier investment in our common stock. 

Item 1B.   
       Unresolved Staff Comments.    

Not applicable. 

Item 2.   
       Properties.    

Our principal business location is at Unit
312, 3rd Floor, New East Ocean Centre, 9 Science Museum Road, Kowloon, Hong Kong.  We own our furniture, computers, ancillary
equipment, and office supplies. We occupy approximately 1,296 square feet under a two-year lease, expiring in February 2017 that
costs $32,400 Hong Kong dollars or approximately $4,181 USD per month.  At the present time we do not have a showroom for
our customers. 

We do not own or lease any warehouse space. In
the event we have an overstock of wood logs or veneers, we rent space on a daily basis from one of our distributors.  This
allows us to avoid long term contracts that are expensive for the short term needs that occur for requisite storage of our products
when we are overstocked.  Because overstocking occurs on an irregular basis, management believes that the daily rental fees
paid are in the best financial interests of the Company. 

Item 3 .     
       Legal Proceedings.    

On February 12, 2009, a claim was filed by
Chi Yim Yip, Roger ( Mr. Yip ) and Characters Capital Group Limited ( CCGL ) against Mr. Kwok Leung Lee
( Mr. Lee ), a director of the Company, and GDWPCL alleging (i) breach of contract by GDWP concerning the engagement
of CCGL to assist GDWPCL in securing GDWP s listing on the OTC Bulletin Board and (ii) defamation by Mr. Lee related to the
contract dispute. Damages being sought include $31,287 in liquidated damages from GDWPCL, aggravated/exemplary damages and injunction
from further defamation. The claim was filed with the High Court of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, Court of First
Instance. 

On April 9, 2009, Mr. Lee and GDWPCL filed
a Defense and Counterclaim. GDWPCL asserted a breach of contract claim against CCGL, alleging that CCGL failed to fulfill its obligations
pursuant to the CCGL agreement to effect the listing of GDWP through a reverse merger by the use of a company that was listed on
the Pink Sheets. Mr. Lee additionally asserted a breach of contract claim against Mr.Yip for the Stock Purchase Agreement dated
March 31, 2007, for failing to deliver a shell company, Tabatha V, Inc., that was listed on the Pink Sheets, which, pursuant to
the Stock Purchase Agreement, was to be purchased by Mr. Lee. Both Mr. Lee and GDWPCL also claimed damages for fraudulent misrepresentation
related to the failure to deliver the Pink Sheet shell company. On May 22, 2009, Mr.Yip and CCGL replied to the counterclaim. 

On January 26, 2011, the High Court of the
Hong Kong Special Administrative Region granted leave to Mr. Yip and CCGL to set the case down for a 7-day trial. The hearing occurred
in October 2012 and the parties are waiting for the judgment of the court. At March 31, 2014, in the opinion of Company management,
the resolution of this matter will not have a material effect on the Company s financial statements in the foreseeable future. 

On March 17, 2014, Paul Stamper ( Plaintiff ) filed
a complaint (the  Complaint ) against, among other parties, GDWPCL, in the Hendricks Superior Court located in Hendricks
County in the State of Indiana, Case No. 32D05-1403-MI-70, seeking, among other things, enforcement of a judgment entered into
against all defendants on December 8, 2011 in Wabash County Circuit Court, Case No. 85C01-1112-MI-1013, in the aggregate principal
amount of $42,697.14 plus interest and costs (the  Judgment ).   The Company, its officers and
directors deny the material allegations of the Complaint since the Company does not conduct business in the State of Indiana and
intend to vigorously defend itself in this action.  As of March 31, 2015, in the opinion of Company management, the resolution
of this matter will not have a material effect on the Company s financial statements in the foreseeable future. 

Other than as disclosed above, we know of no
material, active, pending or threatened proceeding against us or our subsidiaries, nor are we, or any subsidiary, involved as a
plaintiff or defendant in any material proceeding or pending litigation. 

Item 4.   
       Mine Safety Disclosures.    

Not Applicable.  

PART II  

Item 5.   
       Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.    

Market Information   

There is no established public trading market
for our securities and a regular trading market may not develop or, if developed, may not be sustained. We have no plans, proposals,
arrangements or understandings with any person with regard to the development of a trading market in any of our securities. Our
securities are currently qualified for quotation on the middle tier of the OTC Markets, Inc., or OTCQB, under the symbol  GDWP ,
but are unpriced and have not traded. 

As of June 30, 2015, we had approximately 33
shareholders of record of our common stock, including the shares held in street name by brokerage firms. And as of December 22,
2016, we had approximately 34 shareholders of record of our common stock, including the shares held in street name by brokerage
firms 

Penny Stock Regulations  

The SEC has adopted regulations which generally
define  penny stock  to be an equity security that has a market price of less than $5.00 per share. Our common stock,
falls within the definition of penny stock and subject to rules that impose additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers
who sell such securities to persons other than established customers and accredited investors (generally those with assets in excess
of $1,000,000, or annual incomes exceeding $200,000 or $300,000, together with their spouse). 

For transactions covered by these rules, the
broker-dealer must make a special suitability determination for the purchase of such securities and have received the purchaser's
prior written consent to the transaction. Additionally, for any transaction, other than exempt transactions, involving a penny
stock, the rules require the delivery, prior to the transaction, of a risk disclosure document mandated by the SEC relating to
the penny stock market. The broker-dealer also must disclose the commissions payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered
representative, current quotations for the securities and, if the broker-dealer is the sole market-maker, the broker-dealer must
disclose this fact and the broker-dealer's presumed control over the market. Finally, monthly statements must be sent disclosing
recent price information for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market in penny stocks. Consequently,
the  penny stock  rules may restrict the ability of broker-dealers to sell our common stock and may affect the ability
of investors to sell their common stock in the secondary market. 

Dividends  

Cash dividends have not been paid during the
fiscal years ended March 31, 2015 and 2014. In the near future, we intend to retain any earnings to finance the development and
expansion of our business. We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. The declaration
and payment of cash dividends by us are subject to the discretion of our board of directors. Any future determination to pay cash
dividends will depend on our results of operations, financial condition, capital requirements, contractual restrictions and other
factors deemed relevant at the time by the board of directors. We are not currently subject to any contractual arrangements that
restrict our ability to pay cash dividends. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities  

We did not sell any unregistered securities
during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2015. 

Equity Compensation Plan Information  

The table set forth below provides information
as of March 31, 2015 with respect to shares of common stock that may be issued under the Company s existing equity plans.
For additional information, see  Item 11   Executive Compensation . 

Plan category      
       Number of securities     to be issued upon     exercise of     outstanding     options, warrants     and rights         
       Weighted average     exercise price     of outstanding     options, warrants     and rights in     US Dollars         
       Number of securities     remaining available     for future issuance     under equity     compensation plans     (excluding securities     reflected in column (a))       

(a)       
     (b)       
     (c)     
 
     Equity compensation plans approved by security holders    
        3,525,000       
        -       
        475,000     
 
     Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders    
        -       
        -       
        -     
 
     Total    
        3,525,000       
     $  -       
        475,000     

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.  

None.  

Item 6 .   
       Selected Financial Data.    

Not applicable. 

Item 7.   
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations    

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements  

We make certain forward-looking statements
in this report. Statements concerning our future operations, prospects, strategies, financial condition, future economic performance
(including growth and earnings), demand for our services, and other statements of our plans, beliefs, or expectations, including
the statements contained under the captions  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations,   Business,  as well as captions elsewhere in this document, are forward-looking statements. In
some cases these statements are identifiable through the use of words such as  anticipate,   believe, 
 estimate,   expect,   intend,   plan,   project,   target, 
 can ,  could,   may,   should,   will,   would,  and similar
expressions. The forward-looking statements we make are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to various assumptions,
risks, and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those suggested by these forward-looking statements.
Because such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied
by the forward-looking statements. Indeed, it is likely that some of our assumptions will prove to be incorrect. Our actual results
and financial position will vary from those projected or implied in the forward-looking statements and the variances may be material.
You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties, together with
the other risks described from time to time in reports and documents that we file with the SEC should be considered in evaluating
forward-looking statements. 

The nature of our business makes predicting
the future trends of our revenue, expenses, and net income difficult. Thus, our ability to predict results or the actual effect
of our future plans or strategies is inherently uncertain. The risks and uncertainties involved in our business could affect the
matters referred to in any forward-looking statements and it is possible that our actual results may differ materially from the
anticipated results indicated in these forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ
from those in the forward-looking statements include, without limitation, the following: 

the effect of political, economic, and market conditions and geopolitical
events;    

legislative and regulatory changes that affect our business;    

the availability of funds and working capital;    

the actions and initiatives of current and potential competitors;    

investor sentiment; and    

our reputation.    

We do not undertake any responsibility to publicly
release any revisions to these forward-looking statements to take into account events or circumstances that occur after the date
of this report, except as required by law. 

The following discussion and analysis should
be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto as filed with the SEC and other
financial information contained elsewhere in this report. 

Except as otherwise indicated by the context,
references in this Form 10-Q to  we,   us,   our,   the Registrant ,  Green
Dragon ,  our Company,  or  the Company  are to Green Dragon Wood Products, Inc., a Florida corporation
and its consolidated subsidiaries. Unless the context otherwise requires, all references to (i)  BVI  are to British
Virgin Islands; (ii)  PRC  and  China  are to the People s Republic of China; (iii)  U.S. dollar, 
 $  and  US$  are to United States dollars; (iv)  RMB  are to Yuan Renminbi of China; (v)  Securities
Act  are to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended; and (vi)  Exchange Act  are to the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates  

Our consolidated financial statements and related
public financial information are based on the application of accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ( US
GAAP ). US GAAP requires the use of estimates; assumptions, judgments and subjective interpretations of accounting principles
that have an impact on the assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses amounts reported. These estimates can also affect supplemental
information contained in our external disclosures including information regarding contingencies, risk and financial condition.
We believe our use of estimates and underlying accounting assumptions adhere to GAAP and are consistently and conservatively applied.
We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances.
Actual results may differ materially from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. We continue to monitor significant
estimates made during the preparation of consolidated our financial statements. 

We believe the following is among the most
critical accounting policies that impact our consolidated financial statements. We suggest that our significant accounting policies,
as described in our consolidated financial statements in the Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, be read in conjunction
with this Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

Accounts receivable and allowance for doubtful
accounts  

Accounts receivable are recorded at the invoiced
amount and do not bear interest, which are due within contractual payment terms, generally 60 to 180 days from shipment. The Company
extends unsecured credit to its customers in the ordinary course of business, based on evaluation of a customer's financial condition,
the customer credit-worthiness and their payment history. Accounts receivable outstanding longer than the contractual payment terms
are considered past due. Past due balances over 180 days and those over a specified amount are reviewed individually for collectability.
Management reviews the adequacy of the allowance for doubtful accounts on an ongoing basis, using historical collection trends
and aging of receivables. Management also periodically evaluates individual customer s financial condition, credit history,
and the current economic conditions to make adjustments in the allowance when it is considered necessary. Account balances are
charged off against the allowance after all means of collection have been exhausted and the potential for recovery is considered
remote. 

The credit terms of our two major customers
are summarized as below: 

Major     Customers   
       
       Contractual Credit Term   
       
       Repayment Term #    

Customer A  
       
      60 to 90 days  
       
      Accounts receivable are repaid on a regular basis to the Company and the cash receipt is made to Customer B upon the instruction of the Company.   

Customer B (also a major supplier)  
       
      90 to 180 days  
       
      Customer B receives the cash settlement from Customer A and the aggregate receivable will offset against its trade payable.   

In March 2010, the Company entered into a tri-parties
settlement arrangement among Customer A and Customer B. Under such arrangement, Customer A agreed to transfer its accounts receivable
balance to Customer B and Customer B agreed to receive such accounts receivable balance from Customer A, on behalf of the Company,
to offset against its trade payable due to the Company. 

Accounting Standard Codification ( ASC )
Topic 605  

We recognize revenue in accordance with ASC
Topic 605,  Revenue Recognition  when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred, the sales
price is fixed or determinable, and collectability is reasonably assured. 

The majority of the Company's revenue results
from sales contracts with direct customers and revenues are generated upon the shipment of goods. The Company's pricing structure
is fixed and there are no rebate or discount programs. Management conducts credit background checks for new customers as a means
to reduce the subjectivity of assuring collectability. Based on these factors, the Company believes that it can apply the provisions
of ASC Topic 605 with minimal subjectivity. 

Results of Operations  

For the Year Ended March 31, 2015 as Compared
to the Year Ended March 31, 2014  

The following table summarizes the results
of our operations during the years ended March 31, 2015 and 2014, and provides information regarding the dollar and percentage
increase or (decrease) from the year ended March 31, 2015 to the year ended March 31, 2014. 

Revenue 

Revenue for the year ended March 31, 2015 was
$10,451,225, an increase of $1,154,841 or 12% from $9,296,384 for the comparable period in 2014. This increase was primarily attributable
to the increase of European logs trading to China. 

Cost of revenue and gross profit  

Cost of revenue for the year ended March 31,
2015 was $9,540,987, an increase of $954,167 or 11% from $8,586,820 for the comparable period in 2014. This increase was primarily
attributable to an increase in sales of European logs. 

Gross profit for the year ended March 31, 2015
was $910,238, an increase of $200,674 or 28% from $709,564 for the comparable period in 2014. This increase was primarily attributable
to an increase in revenue. The gross profit margin for the year ended March 31, 2015 increased to 8.7% from 7.6% for the comparable
period in 2014. The increase was primarily attributable to increase in sales of higher profit margin products such as more special
veneer sales like ebony, walnut to India. 

General and Administrative  

General and administrative expenses for the
year ended March 31, 2015 was $977,808, an increase of $54,009 or 6% from $923,799 for the comparable period in 2014. This increase
was primarily attributable to increase of marketing development fee of $44,100. 

Other Income/(Expense)  

Other income for the year ended March 31, 2015
was $4,885, an increase $200,897 in other income or around 18 times from other expense of $196,012 for the comparable period in
2014. The increase in income was primarily attributable to gain in foreign exchange currency. 

Loss before income tax  

Loss before income tax for the year ended March
31, 2015 was $62,685, a decrease in loss of $347,562 or around 85% from $410,247 for the comparable year in 2014. The decrease
in loss was due to an increase in sales to cover the general and administrative expenses. 

Net loss  

Net loss for the year ended March 31, 2015
was $62,685, a decrease in loss of $356,666 or around 85% from loss of $419,351 for the comparable period in 2014. This decrease
loss was due primarily to the increase from other income. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

Cash and Cash Equivalents  

Our cash and cash equivalents as at the year
ended March 31, 2015 was $101,506, an increase of $66,909 or 2 times compared of $34,597 for the comparable year in 2014. The increase
was primarily attributable to increase in accrued liabilities and other payables. 

Net cash provided by / (used in) operating
activities  

Net cash provided by operating activities for
the year ended 31, 2015 was $88,613, an increase in cash inflow of $1,572,646 set off by cash used in operating activities of $1,484,033
for the comparable period in 2014.  The increase was primarily attributable a decrease in cash outflow of $705,246 in
accounts receivable and $621,673 in accounts payable. 

Net cash (used in) / provided by investing
activities  

Net cash outflow used in investing activities
was $7,752 and inflow provided by investing activities was $1,060,928 for the year ended March 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
The decrease was primarily attributable to $393,362 in proceeds from the disposal of available-for-sales securities and $667,630
in proceeds from the surrender of key man life insurance. 

Net cash (used in) /provided by financing
activities  

Net cash used in financing activities for the
year ended March 31, 2015 was $4,260, a decrease in cash outflow of $107,300 or 104% from cash provided by financing activities
of $103,040 for the comparable period in 2014.  The decrease in cash used in financing activities was primarily attributable
to change in restricted cash. 

Non-cash transaction  

In March 2010, the Company entered into a tri-partite
settlement arrangement among two major customers, Customer A and Party B. Under such arrangement, Customer A agreed to transfer
its accounts receivable balance to Party B and Party B agreed to receive such accounts receivable balance from Customer A, on behalf
of the Company, to offset against its trade payable due to the Company. 

Pursuant to the terms of the Tri-parties Settlement
Arrangement among Customer A, Party B and us; 

1.  
      Customer A agrees to make cash payments directly to the designated bank accounts of Party B, per our monthly instruction;   
 
      2.  
      We and Party B agree to offset the cash proceeds against the accounts payable which we owe to Party B, and;   
 
      3.  
      In any event if Party B is not reimbursed by Customer A, we are responsible to chase Customer A for the settlement under obligation among the sales contracts.  Meanwhile, we are legally liable to repay the accounts payable to Party B under the purchase contract.   

Under this arrangement, we can assure the collection
from Customer A to meet with the purchase payable due to Party B on a timely basis. We also can reduce the time and costs to handle
the fund remittance among Customer A, Party B and ourselves. As we continue to make the purchase orders to Party B, the accounts
receivable originally due from Customer A will be gradually eliminated and offset by our future accounts payable due to Party B. 

We have developed a prolonged business relationship
with Party B in the sale and purchase of wood veneer and related products over 10 years. In the normal course of business, Party
B is acting as a  customer  or a  vendor , who generally sells and buys different types of wood products
to and from us on an arm-length basis. These sale and purchases transactions are independent. 

We expect to sustain and continue this prolonged
business relationship with Party B, because; 

1.  
      Party B has a long-term commercial history and experience in sale and procurement of wood products in China;   
 
      2.  
      Party B has developed an extensive marketing and sourcing network in China, and;   
 
      3.  
      We have built up a prolonged trust and confidence in doing business with each other.   

We believe that there is no collectability
concern with regard to the accounts receivable balance due from Party B, which will be recoverable by our future purchase orders. 

As of March 31, 2015 and 2014, the accounts
receivable balance transferred from Customer A to Party B was $ 0 and $951,161, respectively. The accounts receivable balances
of Customer A and Party B under the tri-partite settlement arrangement is presented as follows: 

As of March 31, 2015 and 2014, the aging analysis of Party B is
as follow: 

Trends  

We are not aware of any trends, events or uncertainties
that have or are reasonably likely to have a material impact on our short-term or long-term liquidity. 

Inflation  

We believe that inflation has not had a material
or significant impact on our revenue or our results of operations. 

Working Capital  

Our working capital was $2,231,365 and $2,140,324
at March 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. 

We currently generate our cash flow through
our operations. We believe that our cash flow generated from operations will be sufficient to sustain operations for at least the
next 12 months. There is no identifiable expansion plan as of March 31, 2015, but from time to time, we may identify new business
opportunities to improve the profitability and working capital from operations. 

Capital Resources  

As of March 31, 2015, the Company has a revolving
line of credit with DBS Bank (Hong Kong) Limited with an outstanding balance of $2,164,025, a revolving line of credit with Industrial
and Commercial Bank of China (Asia) Limited with an outstanding balance of $955,992, a revolving line of credit with Shanghai Commercial
Bank with an outstanding balance of $649,730, an outstanding balance of $0 with ICICI Bank Limited , and a trade financing payable
to Tai Wah Timber Factory Limited in an aggregate of $876,714. We will require additional fund if we were to expand our business. 

Bank Credit Facilities  

On February 4, 2013, the Company entered into
a credit facility and financing agreement with the DBS Bank (Hong Kong) Limited ( DBS ) provides for borrowings up
to HK$15,000,000 (approximately $1,930,000) for up to 120 days generally with interest at (i) 1% per annum below Prime Rate for
Hong Kong Dollar bills and (ii) Standard Bills Rate quoted by DBS from time to time for foreign currency bills on the outstanding
amount from drawdown until repayment in full as conclusively calculated by DBS. 

The credit facility with the Industrial and
Commercial Bank of China (Asia) Limited ( ICBC ) provides for borrowings up to HK$8,000,000 (approximately $1,032,000),
which bears interest at a rate of 1% per annum below the ICBC s Hong Kong Dollar Best Lending Rate and are guaranteed by
the Hong Kong Mortgage Corporation Limited ( HKMC ), and Ms. Mei Ling Law and Mr. Kwok Leung Lee, directors and in
the case of Mr. Lee, President of the Company. 

The credit facility with Shanghai Commercial
Bank Limited provides for borrowings up to HK$ 6,500,000 (approximately $838,000), which bears interest at a rate of 0.25% per
annum over Hong Kong prime for HK dollars facilities and at a rate of 0.25% per annum over US prime for US dollars facilities and
is personally guaranteed by Mr. Lee, President and director of the Company. The Company also is required to maintain a minimum
cash deposit not less than $264,500 that is considered restricted as compensating balances to the extent the Company borrows against
this line of credit. In addition, the Company is subject to the settlement of accounts due and payable to the restricted vendors
under the line of credit at the bank s discretion. The line will be extended or renewed on a regular basis at the option
of the bank. 

The credit facility with ICICI Bank at March
31, 2015 was the used credit amount of HK$0 (approximately $0), and it is change from time to time. 

The company terminated the credit line with
HSBC in October 2013 after fully paid the bank loans. 

Financing Arrangement  

The financing arrangement with Tai Wah Timber
Factory Limited provides for borrowings for trade payable financing with maturities of 2 to 3 months. The Company is charged a
commission fee of 5% on each amount drawn from the line, payable monthly and an interest of 12% per annum, payable monthly. Additional
interest is charged on any overdue balance. 

As of March 31, 2015
and 2014, the outstanding balance was $876,714 and $850,812. 

While the capital resources of the Company
are stable from a cash perspective, the credit of the Company for debt financing if necessary is extremely strong due to our strong
banking relations and the credit facilities provided for our veneer products.  From time to time we do have a need to exercise
our credit options on a short term basis due to the nature of our business as importers/exporters. The Company has established
lines of credit with banks and management maintains very strong relations with these banks.  Management believes that its
current lines of credit are more than sufficient to cover any short and long term liquidity needs.  Our historical financial
liquidity needs have been shown to be more than adequately covered by our credit facilities.  We believe that the strength
of our management team to maintain strict internal control of its cash flow and liquidity that the current credit facilities are
adequate for our needs. 

Our accounts receivable balance as at March
31, 2015 is $5,607,509.  Our accounts receivable are not considered by management to be high due to the nature of payment
for our products.  Our clients are required to provide credit facilities for their product by a Letter of Credit or other
negotiable method of payment for the amount owed.  We draw from the Letter of Credit prior to delivery only in the event that
it is needed to maintain sufficient cash flow to cover our operations.  We pay the cost of drawing on any Letter of Credit.
 Because our cash flow is typically sufficient to cover our operations we do not carry accounts receivable unless prior arrangements
have been made.  It is company policy to recognize revenue when the product is shipped to our customers. 

In the event we are unable to generate sufficient
funds to continue our business efforts or if the Company is pursued by a larger company for a business combination, we will analyze
all strategies to continue the company and increase shareholder value.  Only under these circumstances would we consider a
merger, acquisition, joint venture, strategic alliance, a roll-up, or other business combination to increase business and potentially
increase the shareholder value of the Company.  Management believes its responsibility to increase shareholder value is of
paramount importance, which means the Company should consider the aforementioned alternatives in the event funding is not available
on favorable terms to the Company when and if needed. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

On April 29, 2014, the Company entered into
a $4.0 million credit facility, it is a back to back LC line. The Company shall, at all times, maintain a cash margin equivalent
to 5% of the amount of the facility utilized with the Bank in the form of a fixed deposit. The facility is secured by assignment
of receivable under the Parent LC opened in favor of the Customer from time to time to the bank. The Company paid a one-off $15,000
bank processing fee. 

Item 7A .   
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.    

Not Applicable. 

Item 8 .   
       Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.    

Our audited consolidated financial statements
for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2015 and 2014, together with the report of the independent certified public accounting firm
thereon and the notes thereto, are presented beginning at page F-1. 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM  

The Board of Directors and Stockholders of 

Green Dragon Wood Products, Inc.  

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Green Dragon Wood Products, Inc. and its subsidiaries ( the Company ) as of March 31, 2015 and 2014
and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income, cash flows and changes in stockholders 
equity for the years ended March 31, 2015 and 2014. The financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management.
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with
the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform
the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audits
include consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate
in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control
over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining, on a test basis, evidence
supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates
made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable
basis for our opinion. 

In our opinion, the consolidated  financial
statements  referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of March
31, 2015 and 2014 and the results of operations and cash flows for the years then ended and in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. 

/s/ HKCMCPA Company Limited  

HKCMCPA Company Limited 

 Certified Public Accountants 

Hong Kong, China 

 December 27, 2016 

Green Dragon Wood Products, Inc.  

  Consolidated Balance Sheets  

  As of March 31, 2015 and 2014  

   (Currency expressed in United States Dollars
( US$ ), except for number of shares)   

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements. 

Green Dragon Wood Products, Inc.  

  Consolidated Balance Sheets  

  As of March 31, 2015 and 2014  

   (Currency expressed in United States Dollars
( US$ ), except for number of shares)   

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements. 

Green Dragon Wood Products, Inc.  

  Consolidated Statements of Operations and
Comprehensive Income  

  FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2015 AND 2014  

   (Currency expressed in United States Dollars
( US$ ), except for number of shares)   

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements. 

Green Dragon Wood Products, Inc.  

  Consolidated Statements of Stockholders'
Equity  

  FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2015 AND 2014  

   (Currency expressed
in United States Dollars ( US$ ), except for number of shares)   

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements. 

Green Dragon Wood Products, Inc.  

  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  

  FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2015 AND 2014  

    (Currency expressed
in United States Dollars ( US$ ), except for number of shares)   

Green Dragon Wood Products, Inc.  

  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  

  FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2015 AND 2014  

    (Currency expressed
in United States Dollars ( US$ ), except for number of shares)   

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements. 

GREEN DRAGON WOOD PRODUCTS, INC.   

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2015 AND 2014  

  (Currency expressed in United States Dollars
( US$ ), except for number of shares)  

1.   ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS
BACKGROUND  

Green Dragon Wood Products, Inc., (the  Company 
or  GDWP ) was incorporated under the laws of the State of Florida on September 26, 2007. 

The Company, through its subsidiaries, mainly
engages in re-sale and trading of wood logs, wood lumber, wood veneer and other wood products in Hong Kong. 

Details of the Company s subsidiaries: 

Company name    
     Place/date of  incorporation    
     Particulars of issued
    share  
capital    
     Principal activities    
     Effective interest  held     

1. Green Dragon Industrial Inc. ( GDI )    
     British Virgin Islands ( BVI ), May 30, 2007    
     37,500 issued shares of common stock of US$1 each    
     Investment holding    
        100  %  

2. Green Dragon Wood Products Co., Limited ( GDWPCL )    
     Hong Kong, March 14, 2000    
     5,000,000 issued shares of ordinary shares    
     Re-sale and trading of wood    
        100  %  

GDWP and its subsidiaries are hereinafter referred to as the  Company . 

2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNT POLICIES  

The accompanying consolidated financial statements
reflect the application of certain significant accounting policies as described in this note and elsewhere in the accompanying
consolidated financial statements and notes. 

Basis
of presentation   
  
 These accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America. 

Basis
of consolidation   
  
 The consolidated financial statements include
the accounts of GDWP and its subsidiaries. All inter-company balances and transactions between the Company and its subsidiaries
have been eliminated upon consolidation. 

Use
of estimates   
  
 In preparing these consolidated financial statements,
management makes estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities in the balance sheets and
revenues and expenses during the years reported. Actual results may differ from these estimates. 

Cash
and cash equivalents   
  
 Cash and cash equivalents are carried at cost
and represent cash on hand, demand deposits placed with banks or other financial institutions and all highly liquid investments
with an original maturity of three months or less as of the purchase date of such investments. 

GREEN DRAGON WOOD PRODUCTS, INC.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2015 AND 2014  

  (Currency expressed in United States Dollars
( US$ ), except for number of shares)  

Restricted
cash   
  
 As of March 31, 2015 and 2014, the Company
maintained minimum cash balances of $403,924 and $395,893 in a pledged deposit account as collateral for the revolving lines
of credit and long-term bank borrowings provided by the financial institutions in Hong Kong. 

Accounts
receivable and allowance for doubtful accounts   
  
 Accounts receivable are recorded at the invoiced
amount less an allowance for any uncollectible accounts and do not bear interest, which are due within contractual payment terms,
generally 60 to 180 days from shipment. The Company extends unsecured credit to its customers in the ordinary course of business,
based on evaluation of a customer s financial condition, the customer credit-worthiness and their payment history. Accounts
receivable outstanding longer than the contractual payment terms are considered past due. Past due balances over 180 days and those
over a specified amount are reviewed individually for collectability. Management reviews the adequacy of the allowance for doubtful
accounts on an ongoing basis, using historical collection trends and aging of receivables. Management also periodically evaluates
individual customer s financial condition, credit history, and the current economic conditions to make adjustments in the
allowance when it is considered necessary. Account balances are charged off against the allowance after all means of collection
have been exhausted and the potential for recovery is considered remote. 

Plant
and equipment   
  
 Plant and equipment are stated at cost less
accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses, if any. Depreciation is calculated on the straight-line basis over
the following expected useful lives from the date on which they become fully operational: 

Expected useful life    
 
      Computer equipment  
      3-5 years   
 
      Leasehold improvement  
      5 years   
 
      Motor vehicle  
      3 years   
 
      Office equipment  
      5 years   

Expenditure for repairs and maintenance is
expensed as incurred. When assets have retired or sold, the cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts
and any resulting gain or loss is recognized in the results of operations. 

Impairment
of long-lived assets   
  
 In accordance with Accounting Standards Codification
( ASC ) Topic 360-10-5,    Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets   , the Company reviews its long-lived
assets, including plant and equipment for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount
of the assets may not be fully recoverable or that useful lives are no longer appropriate. If the total of the expected undiscounted
future net cash flows is less than the carrying amount of the asset, a loss is recognized for the difference between the fair value
and carrying amount of the asset. There has been no impairment charge as of March 31, 2015 and 2014. 

GREEN DRAGON WOOD PRODUCTS, INC.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2015 AND 2014  

   (Currency expressed
in United States Dollars ( US$ ), except for number of shares)  

Revenue
recognition   
  
 In accordance with ASC Topic 605,   Revenue
Recognition   , the Company recognizes revenue when the following four revenue criteria are met: persuasive evidence of
an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred, the selling price is fixed or determinable, and collectability is reasonably assured. 

Revenue from re-sale and trading of wood logs,
wood lumber, wood veneer and other wood products is recognized upon shipment to the customer when title and risk of loss are transferred
and there are no continuing obligations to the customer. Title and the risks and rewards of ownership transfer to the customer
at varying points, which is determined based on shipping terms. Revenue is recorded net of sales discounts, returns, allowances,
customer rebates and other adjustments that are based upon management s best estimates and historical experience and are
provided for in the same period as the related revenues are recorded. Based on historical experience, management estimates that
sales returns are immaterial and has not made allowance for estimated sales returns. 

Interest income is recognized on a time apportionment
basis, taking into account the principal amounts outstanding and the interest rates applicable. 

Cost
of revenue   
  
 Cost of revenue includes cost of wood logs,
wood lumber and wood veneers for re-sale to the customers, purchase returns and sales commission. Shipping and handling costs associated
with the distribution of the products to the customers totaled approximately $542,329 and $275,837 for the years ended March 31,
2015 and 2014, respectively, which are recorded in cost of revenue. 

Comprehensive
income   
  
 ASC Topic 220,   Comprehensive Income , 
establishes standards for reporting and display of comprehensive income, its components and accumulated balances. Comprehensive
income as defined includes all changes in equity during a period from non-owner sources. Accumulated other comprehensive income,
as presented in the accompanying consolidated statements of changes in stockholders  equity, consists of changes in unrealized
gains and losses on foreign currency translation. This comprehensive income is not included in the computation of income tax expense
or benefit. 

Income
taxes   
  
 The provision for income taxes is determined
in accordance with ASC Topic 740,  Income  Taxes    ( ASC 740 ). Under this method, deferred tax assets
and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying
amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax basis. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using
enacted income tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to
be recovered or settled. Any effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in
the period that includes the enactment date. 

ASC 740 prescribes a comprehensive model for
how companies should recognize, measure, present, and discloses in their financial statements uncertain tax positions taken or
expected to be taken on a tax return. Under ASC 740, tax positions must initially be recognized in the financial statements when
it is more likely than not the position will be sustained upon examination by the tax authorities. Such tax positions must initially
and subsequently be measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon
ultimate settlement with the tax authority assuming full knowledge of the position and relevant facts. 

GREEN DRAGON WOOD PRODUCTS, INC.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2015 AND 2014  

   (Currency expressed
in United States Dollars ( US$ ), except for number of shares)  

The Company conducts major businesses in Hong
Kong and is subject to tax in this jurisdiction. As a result of its business activities, the Company files tax returns that are
subject to examination by the foreign tax authority. 

Net
loss per share   
  
 The Company calculates net loss per share in
accordance with ASC Topic 260,   Earnings per Share.   Basic loss per share is computed by dividing the net loss
by the weighted-average number of common share outstanding during the year. Diluted loss per share is computed similar to basic
loss per share except that the denominator is increased to include the number of additional common share that would have been outstanding
if the potential common stock equivalents had been issued and if the additional common shares were dilutive. 

Foreign
currencies translation   
  
 Transactions denominated in currencies other
than the functional currency are translated into the functional currency at the exchange rates prevailing at the dates of the transaction.
Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the functional currency are translated into the functional
currency using the applicable exchange rates at the balance sheet dates. The resulting exchange differences are recorded in the
consolidated statement of operations. 

The reporting currency of the Company is United
States Dollar ( US$ ) and the accompanying consolidated financial statements have been expressed in US$. In addition,
the Company s operating subsidiary in Hong Kong maintains its books and record in its local currency, Hong Kong Dollar ( HK$ ),
which is a functional currency as being the primary currency of the economic environment in which their operations are conducted.
In general, for consolidation purposes, assets and liabilities of its subsidiaries whose functional currency is not US$ are translated
into US$, in accordance with ASC Topic 830-30,    Translation of Financial Statement ,  using the exchange rate
on the balance sheet date. Revenues and expenses are translated at average rates prevailing during the year. The gains and losses
resulting from translation of financial statements of foreign subsidiaries are recorded as a separate component of accumulated
other comprehensive income within the statements of changes in stockholders  equity. 

Translation of amounts from HK$ into US$1 has
been made at the following exchange rates for years ended March 31, 2015 and 2014: 

Related
parties   
  
 Parties, which can be a corporation or individual,
are considered to be related if the Company has the ability, directly or indirectly, to control the other party or exercise significant
influence over the other party in making financial and operating decisions. Companies are also considered to be related if they
are subject to common control or common significant influence. 

Segment
reporting   
  
 ASC Topic 280,    Segment Reporting 
  establishes standards for reporting information about operating segments on a basis consistent with the Company s
internal organization structure as well as information about geographical areas, business segments and major customers in the financial
statements. For the years ended March 31, 2015 and 2014, the Company operates one reportable business segment in Hong Kong. 

Fair
value of financial instruments   
  
 The carrying value of the Company s financial
instruments (excluding revolving lines of credit and long-term bank borrowings): cash, accounts receivable, prepayments, deposits
and other receivables, accounts payable, amount due to a director, income tax payable, accrued liabilities and other payable approximate
at their fair values because of the short-term nature of these financial instruments. The fair value of the marketable securities
is based on quoted prices in active exchange-traded or over-the-counter markets. 

GREEN DRAGON WOOD PRODUCTS, INC.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2015 AND 2014  

  (Currency expressed
in United States Dollars ( US$ ), except for number of shares)  

Management believes, based on the current market
prices or interest rates for similar debt instruments, the fair value of its revolving lines of credit and long-term bank borrowing
approximate the carrying amount. 

The Company also follows the guidance of ASC
Topic 820-10,    Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures    ( ASC 820-10 ), with respect to financial
assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value. ASC 820-10 establishes a three-tier fair value hierarchy that prioritizes
the inputs used in measuring fair value as follows: 

~ Level 1 
: Inputs are based upon unadjusted quoted prices for identical instruments traded in active  markets; 

~Level 2 
: Inputs, other than the quoted prices in active markets, that are observable either directly or indirectly; and 

~Level 3 
: Inputs are generally unobservable and typically reflect management s estimates of assumptions that market participants
would use in pricing the asset or liability. The fair values are therefore determined using model-based techniques, including option
pricing models and discounted cash flow models. 

Fair value estimates are made at a specific
point in time based on relevant market information about the financial instrument. These estimates are subjective in nature and
involve uncertainties and matters of significant judgment and, therefore, cannot be determined with precision. Changes in assumptions
could significantly affect the estimates. 

Economic
and political risk   
  
 The Company s major operations are conducted
in Hong Kong. Accordingly, the political, economic, and legal environments in Hong Kong, as well as the general state of Hong Kong s
economy may influence the Company s business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

The Company s major operations in Hong
Kong are subject to considerations and significant risks typically associated with companies in North America and Western Europe.
These include risks associated with, among others, the political, economic, and legal environment. The Company s results
may be adversely affected by changes in governmental policies with respect to laws and regulations, anti-inflationary measures,
and rates and methods of taxation, among other things. 

Recent
accounting pronouncements   
  
 The Company has reviewed all recently issued, but not yet effective,
accounting pronouncements and does not believe the future adoption of any such pronouncements may be expected to cause a material
impact on its financial condition or the results of its operations. 

On
May 28, 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers  , which requires an entity to recognize
the amount of revenue to which it expects to be entitled for the transfer of promised goods or services to customers. The ASU will
replace most existing revenue recognition guidance in U.S. GAAP when it becomes effective. The new standard is effective for us
on January 1, 2017. Early application is not permitted. The standard permits the use of either the retrospective or cumulative
effect transition method. We are evaluating the effect that ASU 2014-09 will have on our consolidated financial statements and
related disclosures. We have not yet selected a transition method nor have we determined the effect of the standard on our ongoing
financial reporting. 

In August 2014, the FASB
issued ASU 2014-15,  Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern  , which describes
how an entity should assess its ability to meet obligations and sets rules for how this information should be disclosed in the
financial statements. The standard provides accounting guidance that will be used along with existing auditing standards. The new
standard applies to all entities for the first annual period ending after December 15, 2016, and interim periods thereafter. Early
application is permitted. We are evaluating the effect ASU 2014-15 will have on our consolidated financial statements and disclosures
and have not yet determined the effect of the standard on our ongoing financial reporting at this time. 

GREEN DRAGON WOOD PRODUCTS, INC.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2015 AND 2014  

   (Currency expressed
in United States Dollars ( US$ ), except for number of shares)  

3.   ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE, NET  

The majority of the Company s sales are
on open credit terms and in accordance with terms specified in the contracts governing the relevant transactions. The Company evaluates
the need of an allowance for doubtful accounts based on specifically identified amounts that management believes to be uncollectible.
If actual collections experience changes, revisions to the allowance may be required. 

For the years ended March 31, 2015 and 2014,
no provision for doubtful accounts charged to operations.  

4.     PREPAYMENT, DEPOSITS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES  

Prepayments, deposits and other receivables consisted of: 

Purchase deposits represent deposit payments
made to vendors for procurement, which are interest-free, unsecured and relieved against accounts payable when goods are received
by the Company. 

5.   PLANT AND EQUIPMENT  

Plant and equipment consisted of: 

Depreciation expense for the years ended March 31, 2015 and 2014
was $17,218 and $17,028, respectively. 

GREEN DRAGON WOOD PRODUCTS, INC.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2015 AND 2014  

  (Currency expressed in United States Dollars
( US$ ), except for number of shares)  

6.   REVOLVING LINES OF CREDIT  

Revolving lines of credit consist of: 

On February 4, 2013, the Company entered into
a credit facility and financing agreement with the DBS Bank (Hong Kong) Limited ( DBS ) provides for borrowings up
to HK$15,000,000 (approximately $1,930,000) for up to 120 days generally with interest at (i) 1% per annum below Prime Rate for
Hong Kong Dollar bills and (ii) Standard Bills Rate quoted by DBS from time to time for foreign currency bills on the outstanding
amount from drawdown until repayment in full as conclusively calculated by DBS. 

The credit facility with the Industrial and
Commercial Bank of China (Asia) Limited ( ICBC ) provides for borrowings up to HK$8,000,000 (approximately $1,032,000),
which bears interest at a rate of 1% per annum below the ICBC s Hong Kong Dollar Best Lending Rate and are guaranteed by
the Hong Kong Mortgage Corporation Limited ( HKMC ), and Ms. Mei Ling Law and Mr. Kwok Leung Lee, directors of the
Company. 

The credit facility with Shanghai Commercial
Bank Limited provides for borrowings up to HK$6,500,000 (approximately $838,000), which bears interest at a rate of 0.25% per annum
over Hong Kong prime for HK dollars facilities and at a rate of 0.25% per annum over US prime for US dollars facilities and is
personally guaranteed by Mr. Lee, director of the Company. The Company also is required to maintain a minimum cash deposit not
less than $264,500 that is considered restricted as compensating balances to the extent the Company borrows against this line of
credit. In addition, the Company is subject to the settlement of accounts due and payable to the restricted vendors under the line
of credit at the bank s discretion. The line will be extended or renewed on a regular basis at the option of the bank. 

The Company terminated the credit line with
HSBC in October 2013 after fully paid the bank loans. 

As of March 31, 2015, the Company had aggregate
banking facilities of $3,769,747 in which $34,249 is unused. 

The financing arrangement with Tai Wah Timber
Factory Limited provides for borrowings for trade payable financing with maturities of 2 to 3 months. The Company is charged a
commission fee of 5% on each amount drawn from the line, payable monthly and an interest of 12% per annum, payable monthly. Additional
interest is charged on any overdue balance. 

GREEN DRAGON WOOD PRODUCTS, INC.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2015 AND 2014  

  (Currency expressed in United States Dollars
( US$ ), except for number of shares)  

7.  OBLIGATION UNDER FINANCE LEASE   

On February 20, 2013 the Company entered into
a finance lease agreement with Wing Hang Bank Ltd to lease a motor vehicle. The lease has a term of 54 months expiring August 20,
2017 and provides for monthly lease payments of approximately $1,139 (HK$8,828). 

As of March 31, 2015, the outstanding remaining lease payments under
this finance lease are as follows: 

GREEN DRAGON WOOD PRODUCTS, INC.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2015 AND 2014  

   (Currency expressed
in United States Dollars ( US$ ), except for number of shares)  

8.   AMOUNT DUE TO A DIRECTOR  

As of March 31, 2015 and 2014, the balance
represented temporary advances made to the Company by Mr. Lee, the director, which was unsecured, interest-free with no fixed terms
of repayment. Imputed interest is not significant. 

9.   INCOME TAXES  

For the years ended March 31, 2015 and 2014,
the local (United States) and foreign components of income before income taxes were comprised of the following: 

Provision for income taxes consisted of the following: 

The effective tax rate in the years presented
is the result of the mix of income earned in various tax jurisdictions that apply a broad range of income tax rates. The Company
and its subsidiaries are mainly operated in the United States of America, BVI and Hong Kong that are subject to taxes in the jurisdictions
in which they operate, as follows: 

United States of America   

GDWP is registered in the State of Florida
and is subject to the tax laws of the United States of America. For the years ended March 31, 2015 and 2014, the Company incurred
no operation in the United States of America. GDWP is delinquent in filing its United States corporation income tax returns for
the periods from inception in 2007 and has not concluded all U.S. federal income tax matters for the years through fiscal 2014,
with remaining fiscal years subject to income tax examination by federal tax authorities. The Company has not completed filings
of these delinquent returns. The Company s policy is to recognize accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized
tax benefits in its income tax provision. The Company has not accrued or paid interest or penalties which were not material to
its results of operations for the years ended March 31, 2015 and 2014. 

GREEN DRAGON WOOD PRODUCTS, INC.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2015 AND 2014  

   (Currency expressed
in United States Dollars ( US$ ), except for number of shares)  

British Virgin Island   

Under the current BVI law, GDI is not subject
to tax on income or profit. For the years ended March 31, 2015 and 2014, GDI incurred no operation in the BVI. 

Hong Kong   

The Company s major operating subsidiary
is subject to Hong Kong Profits Tax, which is charged at the statutory income tax rate of 16.5% on its assessable income. 

The reconciliation of income tax rate to the
effective income tax rate based on income before income taxes from foreign operation for the years ended March 31, 2015 and 2014
are as follows: 

Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects
of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts
used for income tax purposes. There was no significant temporary difference as of March 31, 2015 and 2014, therefore no deferred
tax assets or liabilities have been recognized. 

GREEN DRAGON WOOD PRODUCTS, INC.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2015 AND 2014  

   (Currency expressed
in United States Dollars ( US$ ), except for number of shares)  

10.   STOCKHOLDERS 
EQUITY  

During the year ended March 31, 2015, the Company
has the following stock transactions: 

(a)    Preferred
Stock - Series A Convertible Preferred Stock  

On January 30, 2013, the Company s Board
of Directors approved amending the Company s Articles of Incorporation to designate 2,000,000 shares of preferred stock (of
the 50,000,000 authorized shares of preferred stock) as Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (the  Series A Preferred Stock ).
Each share of Series A Preferred Stock is entitled to 50 votes per share, has a liquidation preference of $0.001 per share, and
is convertible into 50 shares of Company common stock over three years as set forth in the Articles of Amendment to the Articles
of Incorporation. Notwithstanding the rights to conversion upon the occurrence of either: 

(iii)    the
market price of the Company s Common Stock on the date of conversion is equal to greater than $0.25,  

Then, all shares of Series A Preferred Stock
held by each holder shall immediately be convertible. 

Concurrently, on January 30, 2013, the Company
executed an Employment Agreement with Mr. Kwok Leung Lee, chief executive officer of the Company. The agreement, which has a term
of 3 years, provides for annual compensation to Mr. Lee of HK$487,500 (approximately equal to $62,897). The agreement also provides
for the Company s issuance of 2,000,000 shares of the Company s Series A Convertible Preferred Stock to Mr. Lee at
a price of $0.25 per share (representing the equivalent number of common stock at $0.005 per share). 

For the year ended March 31, 2015 and 2014, the Company recorded
$166,667 and $166,667 amortization of deferred compensation over its service period of 3 years, respectively. As of March 31, 2015,
the deferred compensation was $139,725 to be amortized, on a straight-line basis over its service period. 

As of March 31, 2015 and 2014, the Company
had a total of 2,000,000 shares of its preferred stock issued and outstanding. 

(b)    Common
Stock  

As of March 31, 2015 and 2014, the Company
had a total of 23,725,000 and 23,725,000 shares of its common stock issued and outstanding. 

GREEN DRAGON WOOD PRODUCTS, INC.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2015 AND 2014  

   (Currency expressed
in United States Dollars ( US$ ), except for number of shares)  

11.   SEGMENT INFORMATION  

The Company considers its business activities
to constitute one single reportable segment. The Company s chief operating decision makers use consolidated results to make
operating and strategic decisions. The geographic distribution analysis of the Company s revenues by region is as follows: 

All of the Company s long-lived assets
are located in Hong Kong. 

12.   CONCENTRATIONS OF RISK  

The Company is exposed to the following concentrations
of risk: 

(a)         Major
customers 

For the years ended March 31, 2015 and 2014,
the customer who accounts for 10% or more of the Company's revenues and its outstanding accounts receivable at year-end date, are
presented as follows: 

All of the Company s major customers are not located in Hong
Kong, due to expansion into more European logs trading for yearend 2015, we have developed a new client in China for the European
logs such as white oak, beech, some red oak and ash. We have also successfully diversified our customers base especially to India
for veneer export and reduced our dependence on a single customer in China which has accounted for 32% of our sales in 2014. We
have also increase our sales to Middle east in 2015 compared to 2014 by 51%. 

GREEN DRAGON WOOD PRODUCTS, INC.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2015 AND 2014  

  (Currency expressed in United States Dollars
( US$ ), except for number of shares)  

(b)         Major vendors 

For the years ended March 31, 2015 and 2014,
the vendor who accounts for 10% or more of the Company's purchases and its outstanding accounts payable at year-end date, are presented
as follows: 

All of the Company s major vendors
are not located in Hong Kong. Due to increasing demand of European logs from China, we have managed to secure logs supply from
a few suppliers located in Europe but we worked very closely with one European supplier who is specialized in white oak, beech
and ash supply in the region of Germany, France and Belgium with favorable prices and terms. 

(c)        
Credit risk 

Financial instruments that potentially subject
the Company to significant concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash and trade accounts receivable. The Company
performs ongoing credit evaluations of its customers' financial condition, but does not require collateral to support such receivables. 

(d)        
Interest rate risk 

As the Company has no significant interest-bearing
assets, the Company s income and operating cash flows are substantially independent of changes in market interest rates. 

The Company s interest-rate risk arises
from revolving lines of credit and bank borrowings. Borrowings issued at variable rates expose the Company to cash flow interest
rate risk. The Company manages interest rate risk by varying the issuance and maturity dates variable rate debt, limiting the amount
of variable rate debt, and continually monitoring the effects of market changes in interest rates. As of March 31, 2015, all of
borrowings were at variable rates. The interest rates and terms of repayment of the borrowings are disclosed in Note 6, 7 and 8. 

(e)         Exchange
rate risk 

The Company cannot guarantee that the current
exchange rate will remain steady; therefore there is a possibility that the Company could post the same amount of profit for two
comparable periods and because of the fluctuating exchange rate actually post higher or lower profit depending on exchange rate
of HK$ converted to US$ on that date. The exchange rate could fluctuate depending on changes in political and economic environments
without notice. 

GREEN DRAGON WOOD PRODUCTS, INC.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2015 AND 2014  

   (Currency expressed
in United States Dollars ( US$ ), except for number of shares)  

13.   COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES  

(a)         Operating
lease commitments 

The Company s subsidiary in Hong Kong
is committed under several non-cancelable operating leases with fixed monthly rentals, due through February 2017. Total rent expenses
for the years ended 31, 2015 and 2014 were $130,819 and $127,734, respectively. 

As of March 31, 2015, the Company has the future minimum rental
payments approximately $220,298 (HK$1,708,000) under various non-cancelable operating leases in the next two years, as follows: 

(b)         Legal
proceedings 

On February 12, 2009, a claim was filed by Chi Yim Yip, Roger ( Mr.
Yip ) and Characters Capital Group Limited ( CCGL ) against Mr. Kwok Leung Lee ( Mr. Lee ), a director
of the Company, and GDWPCL alleging (i) breach of contract by GDWP concerning the engagement of CCGL to assist GDWPCL in securing
GDWP s listing on the OTC Bulletin Board and (ii) defamation by Mr. Lee related to the contract dispute. Damages being sought
include $31,287 in liquidated damages from GDWPCL, aggravated/exemplary damages and injunction from further defamation. The claim
was filed with the High Court of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, Court of First Instance. 

On April 9, 2009, Mr. Lee and GDWPCL filed a Defense and Counterclaim. GDWPCL asserted a breach of contract claim against CCGL,
alleging that CCGL failed to fulfill its obligations pursuant to the CCGL agreement to effect the listing of GDWP through a reverse
merger by the use of a company that was listed on the Pink Sheets. Mr. Lee additionally asserted a breach of contract claim against
Mr. Yip for the Stock Purchase Agreement dated March 31, 2007, for failing to deliver a shell company, Tabatha V, Inc., that was
listed on the Pink Sheets, which, pursuant to the Stock Purchase Agreement, was to be purchased by Mr. Lee. Both Mr. Lee and GDWPCL
also claimed damages for fraudulent misrepresentation related to the failure to deliver the Pink Sheet shell company. On May 22,
2009, Mr.Yip and CCGL replied to the counterclaim. 

On January 26, 2011, the High Court of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region granted leave to Mr. Yip and CCGL to set the
case down for a 7-day trial. The trial occurred in October 2013 . 

On June 30, 2015, the High Court of the Hong Kong Special Administrative
Region dismissed the claim of Mr. Yip and CCGL and allowed Mr. Lee and GDWPCL s counterclaim by granting an award of US$350,000
with interest and legal costs. 

On March 17, 2014, Paul Stamper ( Plaintiff ) filed
a complaint (the  Complaint ) against, among other parties, GDWPCL, in the Hendricks Superior Court located in Hendricks
County in the State of Indiana, Case No. 32D05-1403-MI-70, seeking, among other things, enforcement of a judgment entered into
against all defendants on December 8, 2011 in Wabash County Circuit Court, Case No. 85C01-1112-MI-1013, in the aggregate principal
amount of $42,697.14 plus interest and costs  (the  Judgment ).   The Company, its officers and
directors deny the material allegations of the Complaint since the Company does not conduct business in the State of Indiana and
intend to vigorously defend itself in this action.  As of March 31, 2015, in the opinion of Company management, the resolution
of this matter will not have a material effect on the Company s financial statements in the foreseeable future. 

Other than as disclosed above, we know of no material, active, pending
or threatened proceeding against us or our subsidiaries, nor are we, or any subsidiary, involved as a plaintiff or defendant in
any material proceeding or pending litigation. 

14.   SUBSEQUENT EVENTS  

In accordance with ASC Topic 855,    Subsequent
Events   , which establishes general standards of accounting for and disclosure of events that occur after the balance
sheet date but before financial statements are issued, the Company has evaluated all events or transactions that occurred after
March 31, 2015 up through the date was the Company presented this consolidated financial statements. During the period, the Company
did not have any material recognizable subsequent events. 

Item 9.   
       Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.    

None. 

Item 9A .   
       Controls and Procedures.    

EVALUATION OF DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  

As required by Rule 13a-15(b) under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), our management carried out an evaluation, with the participation
of our Chief Executive Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as
defined in Rules 13a-15(e) of the Exchange Act), as of the period covered by this report. Disclosure controls and procedures are
defined as controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports
filed with the SEC under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in
the SEC s rules and forms. Based upon their evaluation, our management (including our Chief Executive Officer) concluded
that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of March 31, 2015, based on the material weaknesses defined
below.  

MANAGEMENT S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL
OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING  

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting.  Internal control over financial reporting is a set
of processes designed by, or under the supervision of, a company s principal executive and principal financial officers,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with GAAP and includes those policies and procedures that: 

pertain
to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect our transactions and dispositions of our
assets,  

provide
reasonable assurance our transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of our financial statements in accordance
with US GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors,
and  

provide
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that
could have a material effect on the financial statement.  

Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.  It should be noted that any system of internal
control, however well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, and not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the
system will be met.  Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that
controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures
may deteriorate. 

Under the supervision and with the participation
of management, including its principal executive officer and principal financial officer, the Company s management assessed
the design and operating effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2015 based on the framework
set forth in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 

Based on this assessment, management concluded
that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of March 31, 2015.  

In connection with the assessment described
above, management identified the following control deficiencies that represent material weaknesses at March 31, 2015: 

The
Company did not implement proper segregation of duties due to the Company s small size and only one executive officer. In
certain instances, persons responsible to review transactions for validity, completeness and accuracy were also responsible for
preparation.  

Due
to the Company s limited resources, the Company does not have accounting personnel with extensive experience in maintaining
books and records and preparing financial statements in accordance with US GAAP which could lead to untimely identification and
resolution of accounting matters inherent in the Company s financial transactions in accordance with US GAAP.  Additionally,
the Company does not have a formal audit committee, and the Board does not have a financial expert, thus the Company lacks the
board oversight role within the financial reporting process.  

MANAGEMENT S REMEDIATION PLAN  

While management believes that the Company s
financial statements previously filed in the Company s SEC reports have been properly recorded and disclosed in accordance
with US  GAAP, based on the control deficiencies identified above, we have designed and plan to implement, or in some
cases have already implemented, the specific remediation initiatives described below: 

The Company is currently looking for an outside consultant with considerable  public company reporting experience and breadth of knowledge of US GAAP to assist it with the preparation and review of its financial statements.  The Company is committed to establishing procedures and utilizing experienced individuals with professional supervision to properly segregate duties, prepare and approve the consolidated financial statements and footnote disclosures in accordance with US GAAP.   

The Board of Directors will be more actively involved in providing additional oversight of the Company s internal controls, formal review of our financial statements,  and more detailed review of the periodic reports we anticipate filing with the SEC.   

The
Company has initiated efforts to ensure our employees understand the importance of internal controls and compliance with corporate
policies and procedures.  

The
Company has retained third party specialists to assist us in the design, implementation and testing of our internal controls as
necessary.  

This annual report does not include an attestation
report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report
was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting firm pursuant to the exemption provided to issuers
that are neither  large accelerated filers  nor  accelerated filers  under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform
and Consumer Protection Act. 

CHANGES IN INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL
REPORTING  

No changes in the Company's internal control
over financial reporting have come to management's attention during the Company's last fiscal quarter that have materially affected,
or are likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B.   
       Other Information.    

None. 

PART III  

Item  10.   
       Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance    

Set forth below is certain information regarding
our directors and executive officers.  Our Board of Directors is comprised of two directors. Except as described below, there
are no family relationships between any of our directors or executive officers. Each of our directors is elected to serve
until the next annual meeting of our shareholders and until his successor is elected and qualified or until such director s
earlier death, removal or termination. 

The following table sets forth certain information
with respect to our directors and executive officers: 

Name   
       
       Age   
       
       Position/Title    

Kwok Leung Lee   
       
      47  
       
      President, Secretary, Treasurer, and Chairman of the Board   

Mei Ling Law  
       
      69  
       
      Director   

Our directors hold office until the next annual
meeting of our shareholders and until their successors have been qualified after being elected or appointed. Our officers serve
at the discretion of our Board of Directors. 

Set forth below is biographical information
about our current directors and executive officers: 

Kwok Leung Lee  has served as our President/Chairman
of the Board of Directors since September 1998. Mr. Lee, also known as Stephen Lee, is a graduate of Michigan State University
with a Bachelors Degree in Social Sciences.  He received a Master of Science in Management from Shiga University in Japan
in 1993 with a specialization in management and economics.  Mr. Lee is fluent in Chinese, Japanese and English. Mr. Lee has
traveled extensively worldwide for Green Dragon handling purchasing, negotiations with client companies, logistics, and administration
and finance.  He has more than thirteen (13) years of diverse product knowledge and global experience in wood products ranging
from softwood to hardwood, log to lumber to veneer.  His experience extends to furniture, flooring, interior decoration, musical
instruments, and sports equipment. 

Mei Ling Law  has served as a director since our original
formation in 1998.  She is also the mother of our President, Mr. Lee.  Ms. Law has been in the wood business for more
than 10 years and serves as a liaison between the Company and its various vendors and customers.  Ms. Law has been an entrepreneur
for more than 30 years, has good connections in China, and possesses profound China trade experience as well as joint ventures
in China.   

To our knowledge, during the last ten years,
none of our directors and executive officers (including those of our subsidiaries) has: 

Had
a bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either
at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time.  

Been
convicted in a criminal proceeding or been subject to a pending criminal proceeding, excluding traffic violations and other minor
offenses.  

Been
subject to any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction,
permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities
or banking activities.  

Been
found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the SEC, the Commodities Futures Trading Commission, or any self-regulatory
organization or equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over the Company or the
executive officer/director to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, or any law or regulation prohibiting
mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity, and the judgment or administrative order has not been reversed,
suspended or vacated.  

Board of Directors  

Our Directors are elected by the vote of a
plurality in interest of the holders of our voting stock and hold office for a term of one year and until a successor has been
elected and qualified.   

A majority of the authorized number of directors
constitutes a quorum of the Board for the transaction of business. The directors must be present at the meeting to constitute a
quorum. However, any action required or permitted to be taken by the Board may be taken without a meeting if all members of the
Board individually or collectively consent in writing to the action. 

The board held 4 meetings during the fiscal
year of 2015.  These meetings include meetings that were held by means of a conference telephone call, but do not include
actions taken by unanimous written consent.   

Each director attended at least 100 % of the
total number of meetings of the board during the year. Our non-management directors did not meet in executive session during the
fiscal year of 2015. 

Director Experience  

Our Board believes that each of the Company s
directors should possess the highest personal and professional ethics, integrity and values, and be committed to representing the
long-term interests of the Company s shareholders. When evaluating candidates for election to the Board, the Board seeks
candidates with certain qualities that it believes are important, including integrity, an objective perspective, good judgment,
and leadership skills. Our directors are highly educated and have diverse backgrounds and talents and extensive track records of
success in what we believe are highly relevant positions. Our directors have served in our operating entity, GDWPCL, for many years
and benefit from an intimate knowledge of our operations and corporate philosophy. 

Audit Committee Financial Expert  

The Company s does not have an audit
committee financial expert since Company s board of directors currently acts as the audit committee and the board of directors
currently consists of only two directors one of which is the Company s sole officer. While the Company believe that the members
of Board of Directors are collectively capable of analyzing and evaluating our financial statements and understanding internal
controls and procedures for financial reporting the Company is currently engaged in a search to identify a qualified individual
who will meet the definition of  audit committee financial expert as that term is defined by Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation
S-K. 

Audit Committee  

We have not yet appointed an audit committee,
and our Board of Directors currently acts as our audit committee. The Company intends to appoint an audit committee comprised entirely
of independent directors, including at least one financial expert in foreseeable future. 

Code of Ethics  

We have adopted a code of ethics as of August
31, 2007 that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, and principal accounting officer as well
as our employees.  Our standards are in writing and are posted on our website www.greendragonglobal.com .  A copy of
the Company s code of ethics are available to any person without charge upon written request to the Company at Unit 312,
3rd Floor, New East Ocean Centre, 9 Science Museum Road, Kowloon, Hong Kong, Attn: President. 

Board Leadership and Risk Oversight  

Our President also serves as Chairman of the
Board. The Board believes that the Company s President is best situated to serve as Chairman of the Board because he is the
director most familiar with our business and industry and the director most capable of identifying strategic priorities and executing
our business strategy. In addition, having one person serve as both Chairman and President eliminates potential for confusion and
provides clear leadership for the Company, with a single person setting the tone and managing our operations. The Board oversees
specific risks, including, but not limited to: 

appointing, retaining and overseeing the work of the independent auditors,
including resolving disagreements between the management and the independent auditors relating to financial reporting;    

approving all auditing and non-auditing services permitted to be performed
by the independent auditors;    

reviewing annually the independence and quality control procedures
of the independent auditors;    

reviewing, approving, and overseeing risks arising from proposed related
party transactions;    

discussing the annual audited financial statements with the management;    

meeting separately with the independent auditors to discuss critical
accounting policies, management letters, recommendations on internal controls, the auditor s engagement letter and independence
letter and other material written communications between the independent auditors and the management; and    

monitoring the risks associated with management resources, structure,
succession planning, development and selection processes, including evaluating the effect the compensation structure may have on
risk decisions.    

Nominating Procedures  

During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2015,
there were no material changes to the procedures by which security holders may recommend nominees to our Board of Directors. 

Compliance with Section
16(a) of the Securities Act of 1934  

Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended, requires our executive officers and directors and persons who own more than 10% of a registered class of our
equity securities to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission initial statements of beneficial ownership, reports of changes
in ownership and annual reports concerning their ownership of the our common stock and other equity securities, on Form 3, 4 and
5 respectively. Executive officers, directors and greater than 10% shareholders are required by the Securities and Exchange Commission
regulations to furnish our company with copies of all Section 16(a) reports they file. 

Based solely on our review of the copies of
such reports received by us, and on written representations by our officers and directors regarding their compliance with the applicable
reporting requirements under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act, we believe that, with respect to the fiscal year ended March 31,
2015, our officers and directors, and all of the persons known to us to own more than 10% of our common stock, filed all required
reports on a timely basis. 

Item 11.   
       Executive Compensation.    

The following table sets forth information
concerning the annual and long-term compensation of our President, and the most highly compensated employees and/or executive officers
who served at the end of the fiscal years March 31, 2015 and 2014. 

Summary Compensation Table  

(1) All other compensation represented provisions
for the cost of living quarters provided by the Company. 

Employment Agreements  

On January 30, 2013 (the  Effective Date ),
the Company entered into an employment agreement (the  Agreement ) with Stephen Lee ( Executive ) pursuant
to which the Company renewed and extended the employment of Executive as President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, Secretary,
Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer of the Company for a period of three (3) years from
the Effective Date (the  Term ). The Agreement provides that Executive will receive an annual base salary of HKD$487,500
per year during the Term and shall be eligible to earn a cash bonus at the discretion of the Company s board of directors.
In addition, the Company shall issue Executive 2,000,000 shares of the Company s series A convertible preferred stock (the
 Series A Preferred Stock ). During the Term, Executive shall be entitled to participate in all medical and other employee
benefit plans, including vacation, sick leave, retirement accounts and other employee benefits provided by the Company to similarly
situated employees on terms and conditions no less favorable than those offered to such employees. The Company shall also reimburse
Executive for reasonable and necessary expenses incurred by him on behalf of the Company in the performance of his duties hereunder
during the Term, including, without limitation, reimbursement for cellular telephone expenses in accordance with the Company s
then customary policies, provided that such expenses are adequately documented. 

The Series A Preferred Stock is convertible,
at the option of Executive, in three equal parts, with one-third being convertible on each of the first, second and third anniversary
of the Agreement, respectively. Each share of Series A Preferred Stock shall carry 50 votes and shall be convertible into 50 shares
of the Company s common stock.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, upon the occurrence of either (i) the Company attaining
an audited net income of $500,000 in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2014 or the Company attaining an audited gross revenue of
$17,500,000 in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2014, or (ii)  the Company attaining an audited net income of $750,000
in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2015 or the Company attaining an audited gross revenue of $20,000,000 in the fiscal year ended
March 31, 2015 and the market price of the Company s Common Stock on the date of conversion is equal to or greater than
$0.25, all shares of  Series A Preferred Stock held by Executive shall immediately be convertible.  If prior
to the third anniversary of the Executive s employment, there is a sale, conveyance or disposition of all of the assets of
the Company, an effectuation by the Company of a transaction or series of related transactions in which more than 50% of the voting
power of the Company is disposed of, or a consolidation, merger or other business combination of the Company with or into any other
individual, corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association, trust or other entity or organization where the Company
is not the survivor, then the Executive shall be entitled to convert all shares of Series A Preferred Stock then owned as of such
date. 

The Company may terminate its employment of
Executive under the Agreement for Cause (as defined in the Agreement) at any time by written notice to Executive. Employee may
terminate the Agreement for Good Reason (as defined in the Agreement) at any time upon 30 days  written notice to Employer,
provided the Good Reason has not been cured within such period of time. If the Executive terminates his employment with the Company
for Good Reason, such termination will be considered to be  effectively the same as termination without cause and in
such event, Executive shall, at the Company s sole discretion, be entitled to either (i) monthly salary payments for two
(2) months, based on Executive s monthly rate of base salary at the date of such termination, or (ii) a lump-sum payment
of Executive s salary for such two-month period, based on Executive s monthly rate of base salary at the date of such
termination. Executive shall also be entitled to receive (i) payment for accrued and unpaid vacation pay and (ii) all bonuses that
have accrued during the term of the Agreement, but not been paid. If the Executive voluntarily terminates his employment with the
Company other than for Good Reason, the Executive shall cease to accrue salary, personal time off, benefits and other compensation
on the date of voluntary termination and accrued benefits, if any, will be payable in accordance with applicable benefit plan provisions. 

The Agreement also
contains covenants (a) restricting the Executive from engaging in any activity competitive with the our business during the term
of the Agreement and in the event of termination, for a period of two years thereafter, (b) prohibiting the Executive from disclosing
confidential information regarding us, and (c) restricting Executive from soliciting our employees, customers and prospective customers
during the term of the Agreement and for a period of two years thereafter. 

Compensation Discussion and Analysis  

We strive to provide our named executive officers
(as defined in Item 402 of Regulation S-K) with a competitive base salary that is in line with their roles and responsibilities
when compared to peer companies of comparable size in similar locations. 

We plan to implement a more comprehensive compensation
program, which takes into account other elements of compensation, including, without limitation, short and long term compensation,
cash and non-cash, and other equity-based compensation such as stock options. We expect that this compensation program will be
comparable to the programs of our peer companies and aimed to retain and attract talented individuals. 

We will also consider forming a compensation
committee to oversee the compensation of our named executive officers. The majority of the members of the compensation committee
would be independent directors. 

Compensation of Directors  

The following table sets forth summary information
concerning the total compensation paid to our non-employee directors in 2015 for services to our company. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End  

None. 

Pension and Retirement Plans  

The Company s subsidiary participates
in a defined contribution pension scheme under the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance  MPF Scheme  for all
its eligible employees in Hong Kong. 

The MPF Scheme is available to all employees
aged 18 to 64 with at least 60 days of service in the employment in Hong Kong. Contributions are made by the Company s subsidiary
operating in Hong Kong at 5% of the participants  relevant income with a ceiling of approximately $3,224 (equivalent to HK$25,000).
The participants are entitled to 100% of the Company s contributions together with accrued returns irrespective of their
length of service with the Company, but the benefits are required by law to be preserved until the retirement age of 65. The only
obligation of the Company with respect to MPF Scheme is to make the required contributions under the plan. The assets of the schemes
are controlled by trustees and held separately from those of the Company. The total contributions made for MPF Scheme were $10,637
and $9,602 for the years ended March 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. 

Other than the above-mentioned pension scheme,
we do not offer any annuity, pension or retirement benefits to be paid to any of our officers, directors or employees. There are
also no compensatory plans or arrangements with respect to any individual named above which results or will result from the resignation,
retirement or any other termination of employment with our company, or from a change in our control. 

Item 12.     
       Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.    

The following table sets forth certain information
with respect to the beneficial ownership of our voting securities by (i) any person or group owning more than 5% of any class of
voting securities, (ii) each director, (iii) our President and (iv) all executive officers and directors as a group as of March
31, 2015. 

* Less than 1% 

(1)  
     
         Information with respect to beneficial
ownership is based upon information furnished by each stockholder or contained in filings made with the Securities and Exchange
Commission. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and generally
includes voting or investment power with respect to securities.   

In determining the percent of common stock
        owned by a person or entity on March 31, 2015, (a) the numerator is the number of shares of the class beneficially owned by such
        person and includes shares which the beneficial owner may acquire within 60 days upon conversion or exercise of a derivative security,
        and (b) the denominator is the sum of (i) the shares of that class outstanding on March 31, 2015 and (ii) the total number of shares
        that the beneficial owner may acquire upon conversion or exercise of a derivative security within such 60 day period. Unless otherwise
        stated, each beneficial owner has sole power to vote and dispose of the shares. 

(2)  
      Mei Ling Law, a director, is the mother of our President and Chairman of the Board, Kwok Leung Lee.   

(3)  
      The Series A Preferred Stock is convertible, at the option of Mr. Lee, in three equal parts, with one-third being convertible on each of the first, second and third anniversary of the Agreement, respectively. Each share of Series A Preferred Stock shall carry 50 votes and shall be convertible into 50 shares of the Company s common stock.    Notwithstanding the foregoing, upon the occurrence of either (i) the Company attaining an audited net income of $500,000 in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2014 or the Company attaining an audited gross revenue of $17,500,000 in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2014, or (ii)  the Company attaining an audited net income of $750,000 in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2015 or the Company attaining an audited gross revenue of $20,000,000 in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2015 and the market price of the Company s Common Stock on the date of conversion is equal to or greater than $0.25, all shares of  Series A Preferred Stock held by Executive shall immediately be convertible.  If prior to the third anniversary of the Mr. Lee s employment, there is a sale, conveyance or disposition of all of the assets of the Company, an effectuation by the Company of a transaction or series of related transactions in which more than 50% of the voting power of the Company is disposed of, or a consolidation, merger or other business combination of the Company with or into any other individual, corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association, trust or other entity or organization where the Company is not the survivor, then Mr. Lee shall be entitled to convert all shares of Series A Preferred Stock then owned as of such date.   

Item 13.     
       Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence    

To the best of our knowledge there are no transactions
in our fiscal year ended March 31, 2015 involving any director, executive officer, or any security holder who is a beneficial owner
or any member of the immediate family of the officers and directors. 

The credit facility with DBS Bank (Hong Kong)
Limited ( DBS ) provides for borrowings up to HK$15,000,000 (approximately $1,930,000) for up to 120 days generally
with interest at (i) 1% per annum below Prime Rate for Hong Kong Dollar bills and (ii) Standard Bills Rate quoted by DBS from time
to time for foreign currency bills on the outstanding amount from drawdown until repayment in full as conclusively calculated by
DBS. This credit facility with DBS Bank is personally guaranteed by Mr. Lee, director of the Company. 

The credit facility with Shanghai Commercial
Bank Limited provides for borrowings up to HK$ 6,500,000 (approximately $838,500), which bears interest at a rate of 0.25% per
annum over Hong Kong prime for HK dollars facilities and at a rate of 0.25% per annum over US prime for US dollars facilities and
is personally guaranteed by Mr. Lee, director of the Company. The Company also is required to maintain a minimum cash deposit not
less than $264,500 that is considered restricted as compensating balances to the extent the Company borrows against this line of
credit. In addition, the Company is subject to the settlement of accounts due and payable to the restricted vendors under the line
of credit at the bank s discretion. The line will be extended or renewed on a regular basis at the option of the bank. 

The credit facility with the Industrial and
Commercial Bank of China (Asia) Limited ( ICBC ) provides for borrowings up to HK$8,000,000 (approximately $1,032,000),
which bears interest at a rate of 1% per annum below the ICBC s Hong Kong Dollar Best Lending Rate and are guaranteed by
the Hong Kong Mortgage Corporation Limited ( HKMC ), and Ms.  Mei Ling Law and  Mr. Kwok Leung
Lee, directors of the Company. 

As of March 31, 2015 and 2014, Mr. Lee, our
President and Chairman, loaned to the Company as short-term financing for totaling $0 and $16,318, respectively. The amounts owned
are unsecured, interest-free with no fixed terms of repayment. 

Procedures for Approval of Related Party
Transactions   

Our Board of Directors is charged with reviewing
and approving all potential related party transactions.  All such related party transactions must then be reported under
applicable SEC rules. We have not adopted other procedures for review, or standards for approval, of such transactions, but instead
review them on a case-by-case basis. 

Director Independence   

The Company currently does not have a director
that qualifies as an  independent  director as that term is defined under the National Association of Securities Dealers
Automated Quotation system.  Our Company, however, recognizes the importance of good corporate governance and intends
to appoint an audit committee comprised entirely of independent directors, including at least one financial expert, in the near
future. 

Item 14.    
       Principal Accounting Fees and Services    

Audit Fee   

The Company incurred, in the aggregate, approximately $50,000 and
$53,000 for professional services rendered by its independent registered public accounting firm for the audit of the Company s
annual financial statements for the years ended March 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively, and for the reviews of the financial statements
included in its Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q during these fiscal years.   

Audit-Related Fees   

The Company did not incur any fees from its
independent registered public accounting firm for audit-related services during the years ended March 31, 2015 and 2014. 

Tax Fees   

The Company did not incur any fees from its
independent registered public accounting firm for tax compliance or tax consulting services during the years ended March 31, 2015
and 2014. 

All Other Fees   

The Company did not incur any fees from its
independent registered public accounting firm for services rendered to Green Dragon, other than the services covered in  Audit
Fees  and  Audit-Related Fees  for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2015 and 2014. 

PART IV  

Item  15.     
       Exhibits, Financial Statements Schedules    

Exhibit  
No.   
       
       Description of Exhibit    

3.1  
       
      Articles of Incorporation   Hong Kong.(1)   

3.2  
       
      Articles of Incorporation   British Virgin Islands. (1)   

3.3  
       
      Articles of Incorporation   Florida. (1)   

3.4  
       
      Certificate of Amendment to the Company s Articles of Incorporation, as amended filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Florida on February 1, 2013 designating the Company s Series A Preferred Stock (4)   

3.5  
       
      Bylaws. (1)   

10.1  
       
      Share Exchange Agreement, dated May 30, 2007, by and between between Fit Sum Group Limited, Inc., a British Virgin Islands corporation and Green Dragon Wood Products Co. Limited, a Hong Kong company. (1)   

10.2  
       
      Share Exchange Agreement, dated September 26, 2007, by and between Green Dragon Wood Products, Inc., a Florida corporation and Fit Sum Group Limited, a British Virgin Islands company. (1)   

10.3  
       
      Banking Facilities Agreement, dated June 8, 2009, by and between Green Dragon Wood Products Co., Limited and Shanghai Commercial Bank Ltd. (2).   

10.4  
       
      Banking Facilities Agreement, dated December 21, 2009, by and between Green Dragon Wood Products Co., Limited and Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Ltd. (2).   

10.5  
       
      Banking Facilities Agreement, dated December 21, 2009, by and between Green Dragon Wood Products Co., Limited and Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Ltd. (2).   

10.6  
       
      Banking Facilities Agreement, dated August 23, 2011, by and between Green Dragon Wood Products, Inc. and Tai Wah Timber Factory Limited (3).   

10.7  
       
      Employment Agreement, effective January 30, 2013, by and between Green Dragon Wood Products, Inc. and Kwok Leung Lee (4).   

10.8  
       
      Subscription Agreement, dated January 30, 2013, by and between Green Dragon Wood Products, Inc. and Kwok Leung Lee (4).   

10.9  
       
      Tenancy Agreement, dated April 8, 2013, by and between Luckon Technologies Limited and Green Dragon Wood Products Co. Limited (5)   

10.10  
       
      Agreement of Collection and Transfer of Payment, dated March 1, 2010, by and among Green Dragon Wood Products Co. Ltd., Dongguan Rong Ze Trading Co. Ltd. and Dongguan Houjie Bo Tao Wood Trading Office (5)   

10.11  
       
      Credit
    Facilities Agreement, dated April 27, 2014, by and between Green Dragon Wood Products Co., Limited and ICICI Bank Limited.
    (6)   

14.1  
       
      Code of Ethics.(1)   

21.1  
       
       List of Subsidiaries  (filed herewith)   

31.1  
       
       Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes  Oxley Act of 2002  (filed herewith)   

32.1  
       
       Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes  Oxley Act of 2002  (filed herewith)   

101.INS  
       
      XBRL Instance Document (filed herewith)   

101.SCH  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document (filed herewith)   

101.CAL  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase
    Document  (filed herewith)  

101.DEF  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase
    Document  (filed herewith)  

101.LAB  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase
    Document  (filed herewith)  

101.PRE  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase
    Document  (filed herewith)  

(1) Incorporated by reference to the exhibit
to our registration statement on Form SB-2 filed with the SEC on December 11, 2007. 

 (2) Incorporated by reference to the exhibit
to our annual report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on July 14, 2010. 

 (3) Incorporated by reference to the exhibit
to our annual report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on July 15, 2011. 

 (4) Incorporated by reference to the exhibit to our current report
on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 8, 2013. 

 (5) Incorporated by reference to the exhibit to our current report
on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC March 7, 2014. 

 (6) Incorporated by reference to the exhibit to our annual report
on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on July 15, 2014 

SIGNATURES  

In accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

GREEN DRAGON WOOD PRODUCTS, INC.   

Date: December 27, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/ Kwok Leung Lee  

Kwok Leung Lee  

President (principal executive, financial and accounting officer)  

In accordance with the Exchange Act of 1934,
this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name   
       
       Title   
       
       Date    
 
      /s/ Kwok Leung Lee  
       
      President and Chairman of the Board (principal executive, financial and accounting officer)  
       
      December 27, 2016   
 
      Kwok Leung Lee  

/s/ Mei Ling Law  
       
      Director  
       
      December 27, 2016   
 
      Mei Ling Law  

<EX-21.1>
 2
 v455564_ex21-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 21.1

Exhibit 21.1  

LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES  

Green Dragon Wood Products, Inc. has the
following subsidiaries and affiliates: 

Subsidiaries  or Affiliate s Name   
       Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization   
       Percentage of Ownership    

Green Dragon Industrial Inc. ( GDI )  
      British Virgin Islands  
      100% by Green Dragon Wood Products, Inc.   

Green Dragon Wood Products Co., Limited  
      Hong Kong  
      100% by GDI   

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 v455564_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

CERTIFICATION OF
PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER  

  AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL
OFFICER  

  PURSUANT TO SECTION
302 OF THE  

  SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002  

I, Kwok Leung Lee,
certify that: 

1.    I
have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Green Dragon Wood Products, Inc.; 

2.    Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
the period covered by this report; 

3.    Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report; 

4.    The registrant s
other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a)        designed such
disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to
ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)        designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)        evaluated the
effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; 

d)        disclosed in this
report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; 

5.   The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a)        all significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b)        any fraud, whether
or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control
over financial reporting. 

Date: December 27, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/ Kwok Leung Lee   

Kwok Leung Lee   

President (Principal Executive and Financial Officer)   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 v455564_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT
TO  

  18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

In
connection with the Annual Report of Green Dragon Wood Products, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-K for the fiscal year
ended March 31, 2015 (the  Report ) as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ),
Kwok Leung Lee, president of the Company, certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1)  The Report fully complies with the requirements of section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)  The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: December 27, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/ Kwok Leung Lee   

Kwok Leung Lee   

President (Principal Executive and Financial Officer)   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 gdwp-20150331.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 gdwp-20150331.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 gdwp-20150331_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 gdwp-20150331_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 gdwp-20150331_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 gdwp-20150331_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

