<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161110_10-Q_edgar_data_886328_0001683168-16-000540_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1762091</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>74722</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>125489</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>402445</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>684283</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>427270</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>39</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-16-000540.hdr.sgml : 20161110
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161110160201
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-16-000540
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		48
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161110
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161110

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			E DIGITAL CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000886328
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SEMICONDUCTORS & RELATED DEVICES [3674]
		IRS NUMBER:				330591385
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-20734
		FILM NUMBER:		161987963

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		16870 WEST BERNARDO DR. #120
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92127
		BUSINESS PHONE:		858-304-3016

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		16870 WEST BERNARDO DR. #120
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92127

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NORRIS COMMUNICATIONS CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19940711

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-16-000540.txt : 20161110

10-Q
 1
 edigital_10q-093016.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)
OF THE 

 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended September
30, 2016  

Commission File Number 0-20734 

e.Digital Corporation  

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

Delaware  
      33-0591385   
 
      (State or other jurisdiction of  
      (I.R.S. Employer   
 
      incorporation or organization)  
      Identification Number)   

16870 West Bernardo Drive, Suite 120 

 San Diego, California 92127 

 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip
Code) 

(858) 304-3016 

 (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including
Area Code) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all
reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for
such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. YES [X] NO [  ] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically
and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit and post such files).   [ X ] Yes [  ]  No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated
filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large Accelerated Filer [  ]   
      Accelerated filer [  ]    
 
      Non-accelerated filer  [  ] (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  
      Smaller reporting company [X]   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes [  ] No [X] 

As of November 3, 2016 a total of 293,678,330 shares of the Registrant s
Common Stock, par value $0.001, were issued and outstanding. 

e.DIGITAL CORPORATION  

INDEX 

Page   
 
       PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item 1.  
      Financial Statements (unaudited):  

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016  
        3   

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and six months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
        4   

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the six months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
       5   

Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
        6   

Item 2.  
      Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
      12   

Item 4.   
      Controls and Procedures  
      18   

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1.   
      Legal Proceedings  
      19   

Item 2.   
      Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
      19   

Item 3.   
      Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
      19   

Item 4.  
      Mine Safety Disclosures  
     19  

Item 5.  
      Other Information  
     19  

Item 6.   
      Exhibits  
      19   
 
      SIGNATURES  
      20   

Part I. Financial Information  

 Item 1. Financial Statements: 

 e.Digital Corporation and subsidiary 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

See notes to interim condensed consolidated
financial statements   

e.Digital Corporation and subsidiary 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 (Unaudited) 

See notes to interim condensed consolidated financial statements 

e.Digital Corporation and subsidiary 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 (Unaudited) 

See notes to interim condensed consolidated
financial statements   

e .Digital Corporation
and subsidiary  

  Notes to Interim Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements  

1. NATURE OF OPERATIONS
AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION  

 e.Digital Corporation is a holding company incorporated under the
laws of Delaware that operates through a wholly-owned California subsidiary of the same name. The Company is developing and marketing
an intellectual property portfolio consisting of context and interpersonal awareness systems ( Nunchi   technology),
advanced data security technologies ( microSignet   technology), secure communication technologies ( Synap  
technology) and other technologies. 

Unaudited Interim Financial Statements  

 These unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have
been prepared by management in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States and with the instructions
to Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X. These interim condensed consolidated financial statements do not include all of
the information and footnotes required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States for complete financial
statements. In the opinion of management, the unaudited consolidated financial statements reflect all adjustments considered necessary
for a fair statement of the Company's financial position at September 30, 2016, and the results of its operations and cash flows
for the periods presented, consisting only of normal and recurring adjustments. All significant intercompany transactions have
been eliminated in consolidation. Operating results for the six months ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative
of the results that may be expected for the fiscal year ending March 31, 2017. For further information, refer to the Company's
consolidated financial statements and footnotes thereto for the year ended March 31, 2016 filed on Form 10-K. 

Going Concern/ Liquidity  

 The Company has incurred significant losses and negative cash flow
from operations and has an accumulated deficit of $83,195,725 at September 30, 2016. Other than cash on hand, the Company has no
other sources of financing currently available as of September 30, 2016. The Company may incur additional losses in the future
until licensing or other revenues are sufficient to sustain continued profitability. Until the Company can demonstrate sustained
profitability, its ability to continue as a going concern is in doubt and may be dependent upon obtaining additional financing
in the future. There is no assurance that the Company will be successful in generating or raising funds, if necessary, to sustain
its operations for twelve months or beyond. Should the Company be unable to generate funds or obtain required financing, it may
have to curtail operations, which may have a material adverse effect on its financial position and results of operations. Uncertainty
as to the outcome of these factors raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern.  These
consolidated financial statements do not give effect to any adjustments that would be necessary should the Company be unable to
continue as a going concern and therefore be required to realize its assets and discharge its liabilities in other than the normal
course of business and at amounts different from those reflected in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.  

The Company has not identified any trends or any known demands,
commitments, events or uncertainties that will result in or that are reasonably likely to result in a material increase or decrease
in liquidity. The termination of eVU operations in the second quarter of fiscal 2016 and the loss of eVU revenues did not have
a material impact on liquidity, results of operations or financial condition of the Company. 

Estimates  

 The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

2. RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS  

 In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB )
issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers , which requires entities
to recognize revenue in a way that depicts the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the
consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. The new guidance also requires
additional disclosure about the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts,
including significant judgments and changes in judgments and assets recognized from costs incurred to obtain or fulfill a contract.
The amendment is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017 and interim periods within those annual
periods. The Company is currently evaluating the new guidance to determine the impact it will have on its consolidated financial
statements. 

In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-15,  Presentation of
Financial Statements Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40) - Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity's Ability to Continue as a Going
Concern.  This ASU requires management to assess an entity's ability to continue as a going concern by incorporating and expanding
upon certain principles that are currently in U.S. auditing standards. Specifically, the ASU (1) provides a definition of the term
substantial doubt, (2) requires an evaluation every reporting period including interim periods, (3) provides principles for considering
the mitigating effect of management's plans, (4) requires certain disclosures when substantial doubt is alleviated as a result
of consideration of management's plans, (5) requires an express statement and other disclosures when substantial doubt is not alleviated,
and (6) requires an assessment for a period of one year after the date that the financial statements are issued (or available to
be issued). This standard is effective for the fiscal years ending after December 15, 2016, and for annual periods and interim
periods thereafter. Early application is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the new guidance to determine the impact
it will have on its consolidated financial statements. 

In November 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-17,  Balance Sheet
Classification of Deferred Taxes . This new guidance requires all deferred tax assets and liabilities, along with any related
valuation allowance, be classified as non-current on the balance sheet. ASU 2015-17 is effective for fiscal periods beginning after
December 15, 2016 and may be adopted either prospectively or retrospectively. Early adoption is permitted. The Company has not
yet selected a transition method and is currently evaluating the impact that ASU 2015-17 will have on its consolidated financial
statements. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,  Leases , which
changes the accounting for leases and requires expanded disclosures about leasing activities. This new guidance will require lessees
to recognize a right of use asset and a lease liability at the commencement date for all leases with terms greater than twelve
months. Accounting by lessors is largely unchanged. ASU 2016-02 is effective for fiscal periods beginning after December 15, 2018
and must be adopted using a modified retrospective approach. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the
impact that ASU 2016-02 will have on its consolidated financial statements. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09,  Compensation
  Stock Compensation , which amends ASC Topic 718,  Compensation   Stock Compensation.  The new standard identifies
areas for simplification involving several aspects of accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax
consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, an option to recognize gross stock compensation expense
with actual forfeitures recognized as they occur, as well as certain classifications on the statement of cash flows. The amendments
are effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods. Early
adoption is permitted. An entity that elects early adoption must adopt all of the amendments in the same period. The Company is
currently evaluating the potential impact that ASU 2016-09 may have on the Company s financial position or results of operations. 

In August 2016, the FASB issued
ASU 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows: Clarification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments  ( ASU 2016-15 ),
which eliminates the diversity in practice related to the classification of certain cash receipts and payments in the statement
of cash flows, by adding or clarifying guidance on eight specific cash flow issues. ASU 2016-15 is effective for annual and interim
reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017 and early adoption is permitted. ASU 2016-15 provides for retrospective
application for all periods presented.  The Company is currently evaluating the impact that ASU 2016-15 will have on its
consolidated financial statements. 

Other Accounting Standards Updates not effective until after September
30, 2016 are not expected to have a material effect on the Company s financial position or results of operations. 

3. LOSS PER SHARE 

  Basic loss per common share is computed
by dividing net loss for the period by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted
loss per common share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during
the period increased to include the number of additional shares of common stock that would have been outstanding if the potentially
dilutive securities had been issued. Potentially dilutive securities consist of stock options. The dilutive effect of potentially
dilutive securities is reflected in diluted earnings per share by application of the treasury stock method. Under the treasury
stock method, an increase in the fair market value of the Company s common stock can result in a greater dilutive effect
from potentially dilutive securities.  At September 30, 2016 and 2015, stock options exercisable into 4,750,000 and 5,598,578
shares of common stock were outstanding, respectively. These securities were not included in the computation of diluted loss per
share because they had no effect or were antidilutive, but they could potentially dilute earnings per share in future periods.
There was no difference in basic and diluted loss per share or basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding for the periods
presented. 

4. STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION COSTS 

  The Company
accounts for stock-based compensation under the provisions of ASC 718,  Share-Based Payment  and ASC 505-50,  Equity-Based
Payments to Non-Employees.  ASC 718 requires measurement of all employee stock-based awards using a fair-value method and recording
of related compensation expense in the consolidated financial statements over the requisite service period. Further, as required
under ASC 718, the Company estimates forfeitures for stock-based awards that are not expected to vest. The Company recorded stock-based
compensation in its consolidated statements of operations for the relevant periods as follows:  

As of September 30, 2016 total estimated compensation cost of stock
options granted but not yet vested was $8,879 and is expected to be recognized over the weighted average period of 1.5 years. 

The following table sets forth the weighted-average key assumptions
and fair value results for stock options granted during the six-month period ended September 30, 2016 (annualized percentages).
No options were granted during the six months ended September 30, 2015. 

The dividend yield of zero is based on the fact that the Company
has never paid cash dividends and has no present intention to pay cash dividends. Expected volatility is based on the historical
volatility of the common stock over the period commensurate with the expected life of the options. The Company has a small number
of option grants and limited exercise history and accordingly has for all new option grants applied the simplified method prescribed
by SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin 110,  Share-Based Payment: Certain Assumptions Used in Valuation Methods - Expected Term ,
to estimate expected life (computed as vesting term plus contractual term divided by two). The expected forfeiture rate is estimated
based on historical experience and is assumed at 0.0% for nonemployees/directors and certain long-term employees and 5.0% for other
employees. Additional expense is recorded when the actual forfeiture rates are lower than estimated and a recovery of prior expense
will be recorded if the actual forfeitures are higher than estimated. 

See Note 5 for further information on outstanding stock options. 

5. STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY   

 The following table summarizes stockholders  equity transactions
during the six-month period ended September 30, 2016: 

Options  

 The following table summarizes stock option activity
for the period: 

(2)  Aggregate intrinsic value is based on the closing price of our common stock on September 30, 2016
of $0.0745 and excludes the impact of options that were not in-the-money.   

Since the Company has a net operating loss carryforward as of September
30, 2016, no excess tax benefit for the tax deductions related to stock-based awards was recognized for the six months ended September
30, 2016. 

6. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS  

 Cash and cash equivalents are measured at fair value in the Company s
consolidated financial statements. Accounts receivable are financial assets with carrying values that approximate fair value due
to the short-term nature of these assets. Accounts payable, and accrued and other liabilities are financial liabilities with carrying
values that approximate fair value due to the short-term nature of these liabilities. Effective April 1, 2008 the Company adopted
and follows ASC 820,  Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures  ( ASC 820 ) which established a fair value hierarchy
that requires the Company to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair
value. A financial instruments categorization within the hierarchy is based on the lowest level of input that is significant to
the fair value measurement. 

The Company s cash and cash equivalents are valued using unadjusted
quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1 inputs under ASC 820). 

7. SEGMENT INFORMATION  

 Through September 30, 2015, the Company had two operating segments:
(1) patent licensing and (2) products and services. Patent licensing consists of intellectual property revenues from the Company s
patent portfolio. Products and services consisted of sales of the Company s eVU products and related services. The Company
ceased providing eVU services at September 30, 2015, effectively ending this segment s operations. 

Reportable segment information for the three and six months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015 is as follows: 

The Company did not have significant assets employed
in the product and services segment during the periods and does not track capital expenditures or assets by reportable segment.
Consequently it is not practicable to show this information. 

Revenue by geographic region is determined based on the location
of the Company s direct customers or distributors for product sales and services. Patent license revenue is considered United
States revenue as payments are for licenses for United States operations irrespective of the location of the licensee s home
domicile. 

Revenues from two licensees comprised 84% and 15% of revenue for
the six months ended September 30, 2016, with no other licensee or customer accounting for more than 10% of revenues. Revenues
from three licensees comprised 25%, 21% and 14% of revenue for the six months ended September 30, 2015, with no other licensee
accounting for more than 10% of revenues. There were no accounts receivable at September 30, 2016. Accounts receivable from one
licensee comprised 100% of net accounts receivable at September 30, 2015. 

8. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES  

Legal Matters 

Intellectual Property Litigation  

 As of September 30, 2015, the Company had settled or dismissed all
complaints with respect to its Flash-R patent portfolio. 

The Company commenced legal action with regards to its Nunchi portfolio
of patents in July 2014 and currently has three active complaints in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California
and four in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of California. 

The Company did not enter into any new license agreements during
the second quarter of fiscal 2017. During the first quarter of fiscal 2017, the Company entered into two new Nunchi license agreements
covering three defendants, and received a royalty payment related to a royalty-based agreement executed in the prior fiscal year. 

Commitment Related to Intellectual Property Legal Services  

 In September 2012, the Company engaged Handal and Associates ( Handal )
to provide IP legal services in connection with licensing and prosecuting claims of infringement of the Company s patent
portfolio. From September 2012 through August 2016, pursuant to a partial contingent fee arrangement, the Company paid a monthly
retainer fee of $30,000 to Handal creditable against future contingency recoveries and a fee ranging from 33% to 40% of license
fees. A new agreement, which supersedes and replaces all previous agreements, was executed effective September 1, 2016, reducing
the monthly retainer fee to $22,500 so long as Handal is simultaneously litigating ten or fewer cases. Parties agreed to meet and
discuss an increase in the amount of the monthly retainer should the number of cases exceed ten. Monthly retainers paid are creditable
against future contingency recoveries. The Company has agreed to reimburse Handal for pre-approved expenditures advanced on behalf
of the Company and to pay Handal a fee of 40% of any net license fee or settlement. 

Commitment Related to Intellectual Property Royalties  

 The Company is obligated for inventor royalties of 4% of net Nunchi
license revenues for the term of related patents, currently 2030. 

Facility Lease  

 In January 2012, the Company entered into a sixty-two month facility
lease for its corporate office location, commencing May 1, 2012, for approximately 3,253 square feet at 16870 West Bernardo Drive,
Suite 120, San Diego, California. The aggregate monthly payment is $7,157 excluding utilities and costs. Future lease commitments
at September 30, 2016 total $64,409. The Company recognizes rent expense by the straight-line method over the lease term. As of
September 30, 2016, deferred rent totaled $10,978. 

Concentration of Credit Risk and Sources of Supply  

 Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company
to concentration of credit risk consist principally of cash and cash equivalents and trade receivables. The Company maintains cash
and cash equivalent accounts with Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ( FDIC ) insured financial institutions. Certain
of the Company s accounts are each insured up to $250,000 by the FDIC. The Company s exposure for amounts in excess
of FDIC insured limits at September 30, 2016 was approximately $270,000. The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts.
The Company does not believe that it is subject to any unusual financial risk beyond the normal risk associated with commercial
banking relationships. The Company performs periodic evaluations of the relative credit standing of these financial institutions.
The Company has not experienced any significant losses on its cash equivalents. 

Concentrations of credit risk with respect to trade accounts receivable
are limited due to the number and nature of customers comprising the Company s customer base and their geographic dispersion.
The Company has not incurred any significant credit related losses. 

Guarantees and Indemnifications  

 The Company enters into standard indemnification agreements in the
ordinary course of business. Some of the Company s product sales and services agreements include a limited indemnification
provision for claims from third parties relating to the Company s intellectual property. Such indemnification provisions
are accounted for in accordance with ASC 450,  Contingencies . The indemnification is generally limited to the amount paid
by the customer. To date, there have been no claims under such indemnification provisions. 

Employee Benefit   401K Plan  

 In September 2012, the Company adopted a defined contribution plan
(401(k)) covering its employees. Matching contributions are made on behalf of all participants, according to the Safe Harbor provision.
The Company matches 100% (dollar for dollar) on deferrals of up to 4% of employee compensation deferred. During the six months
ended September 30, 2016, the Company made matching contributions totaling $4,908. 

9. INCOME TAXES 

 There is no provision for income taxes for the six months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015 as the Company currently estimates its effective tax rate to be zero due to uncertainty of income in
future interim quarters of the current year and due to net operating loss carryforwards. 

At September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company had deferred tax assets
associated with federal net operating losses ( NOLs ), related state NOLs, foreign tax credits and certain Federal
and California research and development tax credits, but recorded a corresponding full valuation allowance as it is more likely
than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. 

The Company records a liability for uncertain tax positions when
it is probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated.  At September 30, 2016, the
Company has no liabilities for uncertain tax positions. 

Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations  

THE FOLLOWING DISCUSSION INCLUDES FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS WITH
RESPECT TO THE COMPANY'S FUTURE FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE. ACTUAL RESULTS MAY DIFFER MATERIALLY FROM THOSE CURRENTLY ANTICIPATED AND
FROM HISTORICAL RESULTS DEPENDING UPON A VARIETY OF FACTORS, INCLUDING THOSE DESCRIBED BELOW. SEE ALSO THE COMPANY'S ANNUAL REPORT
ON FORM 10-K FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2016. 

Cautionary Note on Forward Looking
Statements  

 In addition to the other information in this report, the factors
listed below should be considered in evaluating our business and prospects. This report contains a number of forward-looking statements
that reflect our current views with respect to future events and financial performance. These forward-looking statements are subject
to certain risks and uncertainties, including those discussed below and elsewhere herein, that could cause actual results to differ
materially from historical results or those anticipated. In this report, the words  anticipates,   believes, 
 expects,   intends,   future  and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements.
Readers are cautioned to consider the specific factors described below and not to place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements
contained herein, which speak only as of the date hereof. We undertake no obligation to publicly revise these forward-looking statements,
to reflect events or circumstances that may arise after the date hereof. 

General  

 We are a holding company incorporated under the laws of Delaware
that operates through a wholly-owned California subsidiary of the same name. We are developing and marketing intellectual property
consisting of context and interpersonal awareness systems ( Nunchi  technology), advanced data security technologies
( microSignet  technology), secure communications technologies ( Synap  technology), and other technologies.
We ceased providing eVU  mobile entertainment services to our travel industry customers in the third quarter of fiscal 2015
(December 31, 2014), with related contract eVU services ending as of September 30, 2015. 

Through September 30, 2015 we had two operating segments: (1) patent
licensing and enforcement and (2) products and services. Our patent licensing and enforcement revenue consists of intellectual
property revenues from our patent portfolio. Our products and services revenue consisted of the sale of eVU products and accessories
to customers, warranty and technical support services, and content integration fees and related services. At September 30, 2015
we terminated providing eVU services, effectively ending this segment s operations. 

Licensing and Patent Enforcement Activities  

 We commenced legal enforcement actions in 2007 related to our Flash-R
flash memory patent portfolio, now expired. We successfully obtained license terms from 83 companies and related distributors through
September 30, 2015. We believe our success created both awareness and recognition of our intellectual property among household
named companies and their counsel. Since September 2012, the law firm of Handal and Associates has been handling our patent enforcement
matters on a partial contingent fee basis. 

Our current licensing and enforcement activity consists of the following: 

Nunchi Technology Enforcement  - We commenced legal
action with regards to our Nunchi portfolio of patents in July 2014. To date we have filed patent infringement litigation and sought
licenses from eleven companies and related distributors, resulting in one royalty bearing license and settlement agreement with
one defendant, and two license and settlement agreements covering three defendants. We currently have three active complaints in
the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California and four active complaints in the U.S. District for the Southern
District of California. We expect to file future complaints against additional companies. We are in early negotiations with other
defendants, and are confident regarding the prospects for future license revenues from the Nunchi portfolio. 

microSignet Technology  - We are seeking to license
our microSignet technology and to date have not commenced any legal actions but may do so in the future. 

Synap Technology  - We are seeking to license our
Synap technology and to date have not commenced any legal actions, but may do so in the future. 

We believe that our licensing and/or enforcement activities with
respect to our Nunchi, MicroSignet, and Synap patent portfolios will result in licensing revenue, and continue to develop additional
intellectual property in the areas of context and interpersonal awareness systems and explore new technologies for possible development
or licensing. Our legal action to enforce our Nunchi portfolio of patents has resulted in $593,366 revenue to date and there can
be no assurance that such legal action or future action against additional companies will be successful or result in licensing
revenue. For further information on our technologies and our patent portfolio and related licensing activities, refer to  Item
1   Business  of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2016. 

Our business is high risk in nature. There can be no assurance we
can achieve sufficient patent license or other revenues to sustain profitability. We continue to be subject to the risks normally
associated with introducing new technologies, including unforeseeable expenses, delays and complications. Accordingly, there is
no guarantee that we can or will report operating profits in future periods. 

Overall Performance and Trends  

 We focused significant efforts on developing, licensing and enforcing
our patent portfolio during the last two fiscal years and during our current fiscal year. 

We have successfully completed enforcement litigation and are in
the process of additional enforcement actions. There is a reluctance of patent infringers to negotiate and ultimately take a patent
license without at least the threat of legal action. However, the majority of patent infringement contentions settle out of court
based on the strength of the patent claims, validity, and persuasive evidence and clarity that the patent is being infringed. We
believe we are building a track record of demonstrating the strength, validity and clarity of our patent claims that can result
in significant future revenues from our patent portfolio. 

We reported losses for the first six months of
fiscal 2017. Revenues and profits have been sporadic in prior periods and we have incurred significant historical losses and negative
cash flow from operations. We expect to incur losses in the future until licensing or other revenues are sufficient to sustain
continued profitability. Our ability to continue as a going concern is in doubt and is dependent upon achieving a profitable level
of operations and if necessary obtaining additional financing. 

For the six months ended September 30, 2016: 

We recognized a net loss of $413,035 compared to a net loss before
income taxes of $474,657 for the comparable six month period of the prior fiscal year. The difference in results was attributable
to decreased license revenues due to the timing and amount of individual license agreements and decreased operating costs in the
current year.    

Management faces challenges for the remainder of fiscal 2017 to
generate license revenues from our technologies. These challenges include, but are not limited to, successful execution of our
legal and licensing enforcement strategy in an uncertain and changing legal and regulatory environment related to patent infringement.
The failure to obtain additional patent license revenues could have a material adverse impact on our operations. Our patent licensing
business is subject to significant risks discussed herein and in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and is subject to uncertainties
as to the timing and amount of future license revenues, if any. 

Our monthly cash operating costs average approximately $117,000
per month. However, we may increase expenditure levels in future periods to support and expand our revenue opportunities and continue
advanced product and technology research and development. Our quarterly results are highly dependent on the timing and amount of
licensing fees and accordingly quarterly results can vary dramatically from period to period. As a result of this and other factors,
past results and expenditure levels may not be indicative of future quarters. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

  The discussion and analysis of our
financial condition and results of operations is based upon our consolidated financial statements  located in Item 1
of Part I,  Financial Statements,  and in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2016 . The preparation
of these financial statements prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires
us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities.  On an on-going basis, we evaluate our estimates, including but not
limited to those related to revenue recognition, bad debts, intangible assets, financing operations, stock-based compensation,
fair values, income taxes, contingencies and litigation.  We base our estimates on historical experience and on various
other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments
about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources.  Actual results
may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.  

We believe that, of the significant accounting policies discussed
in our consolidated financial statements, the following accounting policies require our most difficult, subjective or complex judgments: 

revenue recognition;    

stock-based compensation expense; and    

income taxes      

Historically, our assumptions, judgments and estimates relative
to our critical accounting policies have not differed materially from actual results. There were no significant changes or modification
of our critical accounting policies and estimates involving management valuation adjustments affecting our results for the six
months ended September 30, 2016. For further information on our critical accounting policies, refer to Note 2 to the consolidated
financial statements in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2016. 

Results of Operations 

Three months ended September
30, 2016 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015 (Unaudited)   

Loss Before Income Taxes  

 We reported a net loss before income taxes of $367,814 for the three
months ended September 30, 2016 which is comparable to the net loss before income taxes of $354,382 for the same period of the
prior year. 

Revenues  

 Revenues decreased during the second fiscal quarter of 2017 compared
to the same quarter of the prior fiscal year due to due to the timing and amount of individual license agreements. 

License fee revenues recognized fluctuate significantly from period
to period primarily based on the following factors: 

the dollar amount of agreements executed each period, which is primarily driven by the magnitude of infringement associated with a specific licensee;   

the specific terms and conditions of agreements executed each period and the periods of infringement contemplated by the respective payments; and   

fluctuations in the number of agreements executed.   

In the future the following additional factors could also impact
revenue variability: 

fluctuations in the sales results or other royalty per unit activities
of our licensees that impact the calculation of license fees due;    

the timing of the receipt of periodic license fee payments and/or
reports from licensees.    

We are targeting new patent licensees and our results will continue
to be dependent on the timing and amount of future patent licensing arrangements, if any. 

Operating Costs and Expenses  

  Operating
costs and expenses include  cost of revenues associated with products and services, and costs associated with our patent
licensing and enforcement activities including contingent and non-contingent litigation costs and related enforcement support costs.
 For the three months ended September 30, 2016, operating costs and expenses
decreased by $150,973 compared to the same period in the prior year.  

 There were no costs of revenues associated
with products and services in the current year as compared to $4,308 in the prior year s second quarter due to the Company s
decision to exit the eVU business in the third quarter of fiscal 2015. 

  Patent
licensing and litigation costs related to patent enforcement were $105,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared
to $112,500 for the prior year s second quarter.  Non-contingent licensing and litigation costs and related enforcement
support costs may be incurred without any directly related revenues in a respective period. Generally contingent costs relate to
revenues during a respective period but can vary depending on our share of certain costs and expenses. 

 Contingent legal fees and expenses related
to patent enforcement were $2,545 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and $56,573 for the three months ended September
30, 2015. 

Selling and administrative costs for the three months ended September
30, 2016 decreased by $72,005 compared to the same period in the year prior. The prior period includes $54,687 for annual meeting
costs with no comparable expense in the same period of the current year. The current year s second quarter included $15,825
for noncash stock-based compensation expense as compared to $24,653 in the same period of the prior year. 

Research and related expenses decreased by $13,132 primarily due
to reduced patent legal fees of $2,878 in the current year as compared to $13,610 for the same period in the prior year. The current
year s second quarter included $2,752 for noncash stock-based compensation expense as compared to $5,159 in the prior period.
Research and related expenses can vary significantly from quarter to quarter based on the allocation of time spent by personnel
who work on both revenue producing service and repair projects, on patent related costs and on internal research projects. Such
expenses also vary based on decisions made regarding outside engineering and consulting. 

Net Loss  

 Net loss for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was $367,814.
The net loss for the prior comparable second quarter was $354,382. 

Six months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the six months
ended September 30, 2015 (Unaudited)  

Loss Before Income Taxes  

 We reported a net loss before income taxes of $413,035 for the six
months ended September 30, 2016 compared to a net loss before income taxes of $474,657 for the comparable period of the prior year
primarily due to reduced operating costs and expenses in the current year. 

Revenues  

  Revenues decreased during the most
recent six months compared to the same period of the prior fiscal year due to the decrease in patent license revenue from $693,500
to $593,366.   There were no product and service revenues in the current year due to exiting the eVU business. 

While we expect additional patent licenses in future periods, there
can be no assurance of the timing or amounts of future license revenues. 

Operating Costs and Expenses  

  Operating
costs and expenses include  cost of revenues associated with products and services, and costs associated with our patent
licensing and enforcement activities including contingent and non-contingent litigation costs and related enforcement support costs.
 For the six months ended September 30, 2016, operating costs and expenses
decreased by $177,787 compared to the same period in the prior year.  

Patent
licensing and litigation costs related to patent enforcement were $217,500 for the six months ended September 30, 2016 which is
consistent with the same period in the prior year.  Non-contingent licensing and litigation costs and related enforcement
support costs may be incurred without any directly related revenues in a respective period. Generally contingent costs relate to
revenues during a respective period but can vary depending on our share of certain costs and expenses. 

 Contingent royalties for the six months
ended September 30, 2016 were $15,025 with no comparable expense in the same period of the prior year. 

Selling and administrative costs for the six months ended September
30, 2016 decreased by $100,680 compared to the same period in the year prior. The prior period includes $54,687 for annual meeting
costs with no comparable expense in the same period of the current year. The current period includes $26,213 in noncash stock-based
compensation expense, compared to $50,333 in the same period of the prior year. 

Research and related expenses for the six months ended September
30, 2016 decreased by $11,983 compared to the same period in the prior year. The current period includes $5,534 in noncash stock-based
compensation expense, compared to $10,488 for the same period of the prior year. Research and related expenses can vary significantly
from quarter to quarter based on the allocation of time spent by personnel who work on both revenue producing service and repair
projects, on patent related costs and on internal research projects. Such expenses also vary based on decisions made regarding
outside engineering and consulting. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

 At September 30, 2016, we had working capital of $124,995 as compared
to working capital of $502,854 at March 31, 2016. At September 30, 2016 we had cash on hand of $485,938. 

Operating Activities  

 Cash used in operating activities was $212,591 for the six months
ended September 30, 2016. Cash used in operating activities included the net loss of $413,035 decreased by net non-cash expenses
of $38,127 primarily consisting of stock based compensation of $31,747. A major component increasing operating cash was an increase
in accounts payable of $209,320 and the major component reducing operating cash was a decrease of $34,687 in accrued and other
liabilities. 

Cash used in operating activities was $453,292 for the six months
ended September 30, 2015. Cash used in operating activities included the net loss of $474,657 decreased by net non-cash expenses
of $62,790 primarily consisting of stock based compensation of $60,821. A major component reducing operating cash was a decrease
of $49,759 in accrued and other liabilities. 

Patent license payments are normally due at signing of the license
or within 30-45 days of settlement or end of royalty reporting period. 

Individual working capital components can change dramatically from
period to period due to timing of licensing and services and corresponding receivable, and payable balances. Accordingly operating
cash requirements vary significantly from period to period. 

Investing Activities  

 We invested $2,952 and $25,157 in computer and equipment and website
costs for the six months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. The Company s efforts are primarily on operations and currently
we have no significant investing capital needs. We have no commitments requiring investment capital. 

Financing Activities  

 We received $6,600 of proceeds from stock option exercises during
the six months ended September 30, 2015. There were no cash financing activities during the six months ended September 30, 2016. 

Debt and Other Commitments  

 We currently have no debt outstanding other than trade payables
and accruals. At September 30, 2016 we had no significant purchase commitments for product and components. 

We have future lease commitments on our current facility as more
fully described in our accompanying interim condensed consolidated financial statements. 

Our legal firm, Handal and Associates, provides IP legal services
in connection with licensing and prosecuting claims of infringement of our patent portfolio. Pursuant to a partial contingent fee
arrangement, we are paying a monthly retainer fee of $22,500 to Handal creditable against future contingency recoveries. Handal
has agreed to advance related expenses excluding experts and prior art search firms. We have agreed to pay Handal a fee of 40%
of Net Recovery or settlement related to patent enforcement matters, less prior retainers. Net Recovery is defined as the gross
amount paid by a licensee/defendant less the amount of expenses paid and or advanced by e.Digital to Handal or third parties. We
may terminate the representation at any time but would be obligated to pay fees and advances. 

We are obligated for inventor royalties of 4% of net Nunchi license
revenues for the term of related patents, currently 2030. 

Cash Requirements  

  Other than cash on hand and accounts
receivable, we have no material unused sources of liquidity at this time. Our monthly cash operating costs average approximately
$117,000 per month. Assuming no new license revenues and current expenditure levels we would require approximately $918,000 of
additional resources to fund operations for the next twelve months. We believe we may be able to obtain additional funds
from future licensing arrangements or other financing sources but the timing thereof is subject to many factors and risks, many
outside our control.  Our operating plans may require additional funds in future periods and should additional funds not
be available, we may be required to curtail or scale back operations. Potential sources of such funds include exercise of outstanding
options, or debt financing or new equity offerings. However, there is no assurance that options will be exercised or that debt
or equity financing will be available if and when needed. Any future financing may be dilutive to existing stockholders. 

Since we have not demonstrated sustainable profitability, our ability
to continue as a going concern is in doubt and is dependent upon achieving sustained profitability and if necessary obtaining additional
financing. We currently have no plans, arrangements or understandings regarding any acquisitions. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures  

 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act )), that are designed
to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized
and reported within the time periods specified in the Commission s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated
and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow
timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, management
recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of
achieving the desired control objectives, and management necessarily is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the relationship
between the benefit of desired controls and procedures and the cost of implementing new controls and procedures. 

We carried out an evaluation under the supervision and with the
participation of management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design
and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2016, the end of the period covered by this report.
Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and
procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level in ensuring that information required to be disclosed by us in the
reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified
in the Commission's rules and forms. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting  

 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial
reporting during our fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Our process for evaluating controls and procedures is continuous and encompasses
constant improvement of the design and effectiveness of established controls and procedures and the remediation of any deficiencies
which may be identified during this process. 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1. Legal Proceedings  

The Company engages in litigation from time to time as part of its
patent portfolio licensing and enforcement activities. The Company commenced legal action with regards to its Nunchi portfolio
of patents in July 2014 and currently has three active complaints in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California
and four in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of California 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  

(a)  NONE   

(b)  NONE   

(c)  NONE   

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 

NONE 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures  

NONE 

Item 5. Other Information  

(a) NONE 

 (b) NONE 

Item 6. Exhibits   

Exhibit 10.3.3   Nonstatutory Stock Option Agreement dated
September 15, 2016 between e.Digital Corporation and Russell Packer. 

Exhibit 31.1   Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section
1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, signed by Alfred H. Falk, President and CEO (Principal
Executive Officer). 

Exhibit 31.2   Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section
1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, signed by MarDee Haring-Layton (Chief Financial Officer). 

Exhibit 32.1   Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section
1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, signed by Alfred H. Falk, President and CEO (Principal
Executive Officer) and MarDee Haring-Layton (Chief Financial Officer). 

Extensible Business Reporting Language (XBRL) Exhibits*    

  101.INS   XBRL Instance Document*  

  101.SCH   XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document*  

  101.CAL   XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document*  

  101.DEF   XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document*  

  101.LAB   XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document*  

  101.PRE
XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document*  

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

e.DIGITAL CORPORATION    

By:     /s/ ALFRED H. FALK    

Alfred H. Falk, President and Chief Executive Officer   

By:     /s/ MARDEE HARING-LAYTON    

MarDee Haring-Layton, Chief Financial Officer   

Date:       November 10, 2016 

<EX-10.3.3>
 3
 edigital_10q-ex1033.htm
 STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT

Exhibit 10.3.3  

E.DIGITAL CORPORATION  

NONSTATUTORY STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT  

September 15, 2016 

Russell Packer 

 #### ##### ######## 

 Carlsbad, CA ##### 

Re:        Grant of
Stock Option  

Dear Russell: 

In consideration of
your agreement to serve on the board of directors (the   Board  ) of e.Digital Corporation (the   Company  )
and for other good and valuable consideration, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, agree as follows: 

1.        Grant
of Option . Subject to the conditions set forth below, the Company hereby grants to you, effective as of  September 15, 2016 
(  Grant Date  ), as a matter of separate inducement and not in lieu of any salary or other compensation for your
services, the right and option to purchase (the   Option  ), in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth
herein, an aggregate of  250,000  shares of Stock of the Company (the   Option Shares  ), at the Exercise
Price (as hereinafter defined). As used herein, the term   Exercise Price   shall mean a price equal to $ 0.075
 per share, subject to the adjustments and limitations set forth herein. In no event shall the exercise price be less than the
greater of (a) the par value per share of a Share of Stock or (b) the Fair Market Value of a share of Stock as of the Grant
Date. The Option granted hereunder is intended to constitute an Option which is not designed pursuant to section 422 of the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended; however, you should consult with your tax advisor concerning the proper reporting of any federal
or state tax liability that may arise as a result of the grant or exercise of the Option. 

2.        Exercise . 

(a)       For
purposes of this Option Agreement, the Option Shares shall be deemed   Nonvested Shares   unless and until they
have become   Vested Shares .  The Option shall in all events terminate at the close of business on the fourth
(4th) anniversary of the date of this Option Agreement. Subject to other terms and conditions set forth herein, the Option may
be exercised in cumulative installments as follows: 

On or After Each of the Following Vesting Dates  
      Cumulative Percentage of Shares as to Which Option is Exercisable   
 
     Upon Grant Date 
     25%  
 
     Six months after Grant Date 
     50%  
 
     Twelve months after Grant Date 
     75%  
 
     Eighteen months after Grant Date 
     100%  

Option Shares shall
constitute Vested Shares once they are exercisable. 

(b)       Subject
to the relevant provisions and limitations contained herein, you may exercise the Option to purchase all or a portion of the applicable
number of Vested Shares at any time prior to the termination of the Option pursuant to this Option Agreement. In no event shall
you be entitled to exercise the Option for any Nonvested Shares or for a fraction of a Vested Share. 

(c)       Any
exercise by you of the Option shall be in writing addressed to the Secretary of the Company at its principal place of business
(a copy of the form of exercise to be used will be available upon written request to the Secretary), and shall be accompanied by
a certified or bank check payable to the order of the Company in the full amount of the Exercise Price of the shares so purchased,
or in such other manner as approved by the Board. 

3.        Termination
of Service . Except as provided below in this Section 3 upon the termination of your service on the Board, any and all Options
held by you that are not then exercisable will become null and void upon the date of such termination and you may, until the earlier
of (x) ninety (90) days from the date of such termination or (y) the expiration of the Option in accordance with its terms, exercise
the Option with respect to all or any part of the Vested Shares which you were entitled to purchase immediately prior to such termination
and, thereafter, the Option shall, to the extent not previously exercised, automatically terminate and become null and void. 

4.        Transferability .
Any rights or interests herein will be assignable or transferable by you only by will or the laws of descent and distribution. 

5.        Withholding
Taxes . The Board may, in its discretion, require you to pay to the Company (or the Company s Subsidiary if you are an
employee of a Subsidiary of the Company), at the time of the exercise of an Option or thereafter, the amount that the Board deems
necessary to satisfy the Company s or its Subsidiary s current or future obligation to withhold federal, state or local
income or other taxes that you incur by exercising an Option. In connection with the exercise of an Option requiring tax withholding,
you may (a) direct the Company to withhold from the shares of Stock to be issued to you the number of shares necessary to satisfy
the Company s obligation to withhold taxes, that determination to be based on the shares  Fair Market Value as of the
date of exercise; (b) deliver to the Company sufficient shares of Stock (based upon the Fair Market Value as of the date of such
delivery) to satisfy the Company s tax withholding obligation, which tax withholding obligation is based on the shares 
Fair Market Value as of the later of the date of exercise or the date as of which the shares of Stock issued in connection with
such exercise become includable in your income; or (c) deliver sufficient cash to the Company to satisfy its tax withholding obligations.
If you elect to use such a Stock withholding feature you must make the election at the time and in the manner that the Board prescribes.
The Board may, at its sole option, deny your request to satisfy withholding obligations through Stock instead of cash. In the event
the Board subsequently determines that the aggregate Fair Market Value (as determined above) of any shares of Stock withheld or
delivered as payment of any tax withholding obligation is insufficient to discharge that tax withholding obligation, then you shall
pay to the Company, immediately upon the Board s request, the amount of that deficiency in the form of payment requested
by the Board. 

6.        Adjustments .
The terms of an Option shall be subject to adjustment from time to time, in accordance with the following provisions: 

(a)       If
at any time, or from time to time, the Company shall subdivide as a whole (by reclassification, by a Stock split, by the issuance
of a distribution on Stock payable in Stock or otherwise) the number of shares of Stock then outstanding into a greater number
of shares of Stock, then (i) the number of shares of Stock (or other kind of securities) that may be acquired under the Option
shall be increased proportionately and (ii) the price (including Exercise Price) for each share of Stock (or other kind of shares
or securities) subject to the then outstanding Option shall be reduced proportionately, without changing the aggregate purchase
price or value of the outstanding Option. 

(b)       If
at any time, or from time to time, the Company shall consolidate as a whole (by reclassification, reverse Stock split or otherwise)
the number of shares of Stock then outstanding into a lesser number of shares of Stock, (i) the number of shares of Stock (or other
kind of shares or securities) that may be acquired under the Option shall be decreased proportionately; and (ii) the price (including
Exercise Price) for each share of Stock (or other kind of shares or securities) subject to the Option shall be increased proportionately,
without changing the aggregate purchase price or value of the outstanding Option. 

(c)       Whenever
the number of shares of Stock subject to the Option and the price for each share of Stock subject to the Option are required to
be adjusted as provided in this Section 6, the Board shall promptly prepare a notice setting forth, in reasonable detail, the event
requiring adjustment, the amount of the adjustment, the method by which such adjustment was calculated, and the change in price
and the number of shares of Stock, other securities, cash, or property purchasable subject to the Option after giving effect to
the adjustments. The Board shall promptly give you such a notice. 

(d)       Adjustments
under this Section 6 shall be made by the Board, and its determination as to what adjustments shall be made and the extent thereof
shall be final, binding, and conclusive. No fractional interest shall be issued on account of any such adjustments. 

7.        Notice .
All notices required or permitted under this Option Agreement must be in writing and personally delivered or sent by mail and shall
be deemed to be delivered on the date on which it is actually received by the person to whom it is properly addressed. A notice
shall be effective when actually received by the Company in writing and in conformance with this Option Agreement. Until changed
in accordance herewith, the Company and the optionee specify their respective addresses as set forth below: 

Optionee:  Russell Packer 
#### ##### ######## 
Carlsbad, CA #####   

8.        Information
Confidential . As partial consideration for the granting of this Option, you agree that you will keep confidential all information
and knowledge that you have relating to the manner and amount of your Option; provided, however, that such information may be disclosed
as required by law and may be given in confidence to your spouse, tax and financial advisors, or a financial institution to the
extent that such information is necessary to obtain a loan. 

9.        Furnish
Information . You agree to furnish to the Company all information requested by the Company to enable it to comply with any reporting
or other requirement imposed upon the Company by or under any applicable statute or regulation. 

10.        Company
Records . Records of the Company or its Subsidiaries regarding your period of service on the Board, termination of that service
and the reason therefor, and other matters shall be conclusive for all purposes hereunder. 

11.        Successors .
This Agreement shall be binding upon you, your legal representatives, heirs, legatees and distributees, and upon the Company, its
successors and assigns. 

12.        Headings .
The titles and headings of paragraphs are included for convenience of reference only and are not to be considered in construction
of the provisions hereof. 

13.        Governing
Law . All questions arising with respect to the provisions of this Agreement shall be determined by application of the laws
of the State of Delaware except to the extent Delaware law is preempted by federal law. The obligation of the Company to sell and
deliver Stock hereunder is subject to applicable laws and to the approval of any governmental authority required in connection
with the authorization, issuance, sale, or delivery of such Stock. 

14.        Word
Usage . Words used in the masculine shall apply to the feminine where applicable, and wherever the context of this Agreement
dictates, the plural shall be read as the singular and the singular as the plural. 

15.        No
Other Agreements.  This Option Agreement is not a contract of employment and the terms of your service on the Board shall not
be affected by, or construed to be affected by, this Option Agreement, except to the extent specifically provided herein. Nothing
herein shall impose, or be construed as imposing, any obligation (i) on the part of the Company or any Subsidiary to continue your
service on the Board, or (ii) on your part to remain in as a director of the Company or any Subsidiary. 

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank] 

Please indicate your
acceptance of all the terms and conditions of the Option by signing and returning a copy of this Option Agreement. 

e.Digital Corporation 

By:        /s/
Alfred Falk                 

Name:     Alfred
Falk 

 Title:       President
  CEO 

ACCEPTED: 

/s/ Russell H. Packer                  

 Signature of Optionee 

Russell H. Packer                        

 Name of Optionee (Please Print) 

Date: September 26, 2016 

</EX-10.3.3>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 edigital_10q-ex3101.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

 I, Alfred H. Falk, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of e.Digital Corporation;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report;   

4.    The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) )
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))  for
the registrant and have:    

a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and   

d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and   

b)  any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 10, 2016 

/s/ ALFRED H. FALK            

 Alfred H. Falk 

 President and Chief Executive Officer 

 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 edigital_10q-ex3102.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

 CERTIFICATION 

 I, MarDee Haring-Layton, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of e.Digital Corporation;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report;   

4.    The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) )
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))  for
the registrant and have:    

a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and   

d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and   

b)  any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 10, 2016 

/s/ MARDEE HARING-LAYTON            

 MarDee Haring-Layton 

 Chief Financial Officer 

 (Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 edigital_10q-ex3201.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER  

  PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002  

Each of the undersigned hereby certifies, in accordance with 18
U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, in his or her capacity as an officer of e.Digital
Corporation (the  Company ), that, to his or her knowledge, the Quarterly Report of the Company on Form 10-Q for the
period ended September 30, 2016, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 and that the information contained in such report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition
and results of operation of the Company. 

Date: November 10, 2016 

/s/ ALFRED H. FALK         

 Alfred H. Falk, 

 President and Chief Executive Officer 

 (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: November 10, 2016 

/s/ MARDEE HARING-LAYTON         

 MarDee Haring-Layton 

 Chief Financial Officer 

 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 edig-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 edig-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 edig-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 edig-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 edig-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 edig-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

